Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3395 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 11, 2018 No. 96 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, June 12, 2018, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , JUNE11, 2018 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, You are the Author and Finisher of all things. Your au-thority is from the beginning and re-mains to the ending. Today, inspire our lawmakers to do Your will. Make their minds sensitive to Your truth and their hearts willing to obey Your commands. Lord, give them the liberty of Your wisdom so that they will embrace the fullness of life You desire for us all. God of mercy and truth, we are pil-grims in this world. Through the sav-ing power of Your redeeming love, em-power us to live for Your glory. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 5515, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 442, H.R. 5515, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, later this afternoon, the Senate will move to begin considering the John S. McCain 2019 National Defense Author-ization Act. Our colleagues on the Armed Serv-ices Committee have spent months en-gaged in thorough work and in bipar-tisan collaboration. Now the whole Senate will take up their legislation and vote on a plan to deliver on the most pressing needs of our Armed Forces. Congress has passed Defense Author-ization Acts for 57 consecutive years— 57 consecutive years. In doing so, we have taken steps to fulfill one of our most fundamental constitutional re-sponsibilities: authorizing the funds that our men and women in uniform re-quire to keep us safe. This year’s NDAA arrives as our Na-tion faces significant challenges—chal-lenges like an emboldened Iranian re-gime and its continued support of de-stabilizing forces in the Middle East and a new era of great power competi-tion as Russia and China expand their capabilities. Building on a time-honored process, this year’s Defense authorization will help our Nation rise to meet these challenges with cutting-edge tools, top- notch training, and revitalized readi-ness. It is one of our most important jobs here in Congress. The 2019 Defense authorization is the top item on our to- do list, and we will tackle it this week. APPROPRIATIONS  
Meanwhile, other important work is underway at the committee level. Chairman S
HELBY and our colleagues on the Appropriations Committee are laying the foundation for a productive summer. Last week, they reported out appropriations bills to fund the Depart-ments of Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Veterans Af-fairs, as well as important military construction projects. This week, they will proceed to finalize measures for Interior and Environment, Commerce- Justice-Science, and the legislative branch. I look forward to taking up these appropriations bills right out here on the Senate floor. 
TAX AND REGULATORY REFORM  
Now, on another matter, Mr. Presi-dent, today marks another important 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.000 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3396 June 11, 2018 
milestone in our efforts to cut back the forest of redtape the Obama adminis-tration left behind. Effective today, thanks to the leadership of Chairman Ajit Pai, the FCC has rolled back med-dlesome and unnecessary regulations that Democrats imposed on the inter-net back in 2015. Let’s put this whole effort into per-spective. The Federal Register is the government’s legal newspaper. Among other documents, it prints the regula-tions that Federal agencies enforce and the proposed rules on deck. In 2016, under President Obama, it had to print nearly 39,000 pages of rules—an alltime high—and another 21,000 pages of pro-posed rules. That is 39,000 pages of rules and 21,000 pages of proposed rules in 2016. It is hard to wrap your mind around that—60,000 pages of rules and proposed rules to pile on American workers and job creators. We slashed those numbers in 2017. In that first year of our Republican gov-ernment, the total number of Federal Register pages devoted to rules and proposed rules plummeted by more than 50 percent—50 percent less in 2017 than in 2016. That is a significant slow-down in the Federal Government’s red-tape factory just in our first year. This is part of what we were elected to do— get Washington, DC’s, foot off the brake and let hard-working Americans and small businesses spend less and less time and energy hurdling obstacles put up by the Federal Government. The regulatory reform comes on top of the historic tax reform legislation we passed last December. We over-hauled our Nation’s Tax Code and re-wrote it so that businesses can expand, invest, and create jobs more easily and middle-class families can keep more of what they earn. This 180-degree policy turnaround is helping the U.S. econ-omy rise to its highest heights in re-cent memory. Today, thanks in large part to tax re-form and regulatory reform, more small businesses are saying that it is a better time to expand operations than at any point in the last 44 years—44 years. More businesses are saying that it is a better time to expand operations than at any point in the last 44 years. That represents a 25-percentage-point leap in the number of Americans who say now is a good time to find a quality job. We have 3.8-percent unemploy-ment—the lowest nationwide level in 18 years. The real roots of this good news aren’t here in Washington. The Repub-licans understand that government does not create prosperity, but public policy plays a big part in determining whether the wind is blowing in the faces of the job creators or whether it is at their backs. On that front, the re-sults of this Republican-opportunity agenda are literally speaking for them-selves. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, this week the Senate continues its consid-eration of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act. Among im-portant provisions related to our mili-tary readiness and operations abroad, the NDAA presents crucial opportuni-ties to address other matters of na-tional security. In addition to the critical improve-ments to CFIUS we must make in this bill, one of the most concerning issues is the decision by the Trump adminis-tration last week to reduce the harsh penalties previously imposed and then to provide relief to the Chinese telecom giant ZTE, lifting restrictions on the company and allowing it to continue to sell its products in the United States. ZTE was guilty of evading U.S. sanc-tions on Iran and North Korea and then lying to U.S. officials about it after-ward. Asked about the decision to relax penalties, President Trump’s trade ad-viser, Peter Navarro, said: ‘‘It’s going to be three strikes you’re out on ZTE.’’ Why are we giving ZTE three strikes? If you purposely evade U.S. sanctions and then lie about it, that is reason enough to bring the hammer down and leave it there. I have another expres-sion for the Trump Administration: ‘‘Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.’’ It seems the administration was out-maneuvered by the Chinese on ZTE once again. Congress should reverse what the administration has done by reinstituting the hard penalties on ZTE, and we should do it on the NDAA bill that will be on the floor this week. You might ask: Why is this related to defense? This is the Defense bill. It is precisely related. Cyber security experts, national security experts, principal government agencies, the Re-publican-led FCC, the Republican-led FBI, and the Republican-led Pentagon have all deemed the sale of ZTE prod-ucts in the United States a national se-curity threat. Even if they hadn’t vio-lated sanctions and even if they hadn’t lied about it, they shouldn’t be here. This gives the Chinese Government— which in many ways takes advantage of the United States militarily and eco-nomically and is spying on us by cyber warfare—a great opportunity to get right inside all of our communications. This is what Director Christopher Wray, appointed by President Trump, had to say: 
We’re deeply concerned about the risks of allowing any company or entity that is be-holden to foreign governments . . . to gain positions of power inside our telecommuni-cations networks. That provides the capacity to exert pressure or control over our tele-communications infrastructure. It provides the capacity to maliciously modify or steal information. And it provides the capacity to conduct undetected espionage. 
‘‘Undetected espionage,’’ the head of the FBI says, is what allowing ZTE in America will do. That is the Nation’s chief law enforcement official—a Re-publican, appointed by President Trump—testifying that ZTE’s tech-nology is an espionage risk. What the heck are we doing cutting a deal with China—which is no friend of ours on ec-onomics and is stealing our jobs, steal-ing our intellectual property—letting them into the United States so they can have a window on hearing what our companies, our Defense Department, and everyone else are doing? Does that make any sense? I don’t think so. That is why we have had bi-partisan support and concern. I want to salute Senator CORNYN , Senator R UBIO, and Senator C
OTTON . Their views and mine are not the same on a whole lot of issues, but on America’s security and letting China spy on us, we are the same. I urge the Republican leader and the leaders of the bill to include a bipar-tisan amendment, offered by Senators C
OTTON and V ANHOLLEN , to reverse the agreement made by the administration and prevent it from being able to pro-vide ZTE relief for at least a year. We have to do this. God forbid that this country declines, and if they write a book on it, this will be one of the key points. We have a chance to stand up to China, to protect our national security, and to tell the Chinese that they can’t keep taking advantage of us, and we are going to back off, for no stated good reason, be-cause, clearly, Secretary Ross has said the deal he has put in is a good one. Forget about it. It is as weak as a wet noodle—fining them $1 billion. They don’t care. They are backed by the Chi-nese Government. Putting some out-side observers on the board—come on. They will not know what is going on because the Chinese Government con-trols just about all the big companies in China. So I hope we will stop this. 
NOMINATIONS OF THOMAS FARR AND RYAN  
BOUNDS  
Mr. President, alongside the consid-eration of the NDAA, we are told that the majority intends to see the con-firmation of more judicial nominations during this work period. In the next few weeks, the Senate is likely to take up two highly controversial nominees: Thomas Farr, for the Eastern District of North Carolina, and Ryan Bounds, for a Ninth Circuit seat in Oregon. Thomas Farr has spent a lengthy legal career defending the interests of corporations against workers. That seems to be a trademark of so many of the nominees of this administration and this Republican Senate. He has not once but twice defended the gerry-mandering of congressional districts by North Carolina’s Republicans, and probably worst of all, he defended North Carolina’s restrictive voter ID law, which ‘‘targeted African Ameri-cans with almost surgical precision.’’ That is not some politician’s words. Those are the judges of the Fourth Cir-cuit Court of Appeals, a rather conserv-ative court. For somebody to target Af-rican-Americans and say, ‘‘let’s make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.001 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3397 June 11, 2018 
it less likely they vote and give them less power,’’ is such a grand step back-ward in this country, no matter what State you come from—North Carolina, New York, Oregon. And we are going put this guy on the bench? Shame on us. Shame on us. By the way, the only reason Farr can be considered for this nomination is that an Obama nominee, Jennifer May- Parker, was blocked for nearly 3 years via the blue slip. Our Republican friends used the blue slip and kept this seat vacant, and now they have undone the blue slip in an act of partisanship, narrowness, and enmity in this coun-try, and now they are going to fill it with someone like Mr. Farr—again, shame. Like Mr. Farr, Mr. Bounds is also controversial. Recently, we learned that Mr. Bounds had some rather offen-sive writings that he failed to disclose to the bipartisan Judicial Advisory Committee established by Senators W
YDEN and M ERKLEY . That certainly validates their decision to withhold the blue slip. Despite the opposition of both home State Senators, the major-ity is moving forward. In doing so, they will further erode the century-old blue slip tradition that they themselves used to block an unprecedented number of nominees when Obama was Presi-dent. 
NET NEUTRALITY  
Mr. President, on another matter, the Republican-led FCC’s repeal of net neutrality goes into effect today. The rules enacted by the Obama adminis-tration to bar large internet service providers from charging customers more for certain content are gone. The rules to bar large internet providers from slowing down certain websites are gone. The rules ensuring an open and free internet with a level playing field for small businesses, public schools, rural Americans, people without a lot of money, and communities of color are gone. Democrats tried to forestall this day by writing and then passing a CRA Act resolution through the Senate. It is bi-partisan; some Republicans helped us. It couldn’t have passed without them. Then, as a unified Senate caucus, Democrats sent a letter last week urg-ing Speaker R
YAN to schedule a vote, which I believe would have passed had it been put on the floor of the House of Representatives. R
YANrefused to bring up the companion legislation to restore net neutrality. Once again, our Repub-lican friends in the Senate, the House, and the administration have done it over and over, siding with the big, pow-erful special interests—in this case, internet service providers—over the av-erage person, who is sort of powerless. How many of us rail against our cable bills? How many of us feel helpless when it comes to getting that cable bill? This increases the power of the same people. Do our Republican friends really want to do that? I guess so. Let me put it this way. By refusing to bring up the Senate-passed resolution to restore net neutrality, House Republican leaders gave a green light to the big internet service providers to charge middle- class Americans, small business own-ers, schools, rural Americans, poorer people, and communities of color more than they did before. With the exception of three brave Re-publicans in the Senate, it should be crystal clear to the American people that Republicans in Congress chose to protect special interests. HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, finally, I wish to ad-dress a bit of news on healthcare. On Thursday evening, the Trump Adminis-tration made a startling announce-ment: It would no longer defend the constitutionality of protection for Americans with preexisting conditions. This decision is a shameful capstone in the Trump administration’s yearlong sabotaging our Nation’s healthcare system. It is the most dangerous, most potent example of sabotage to date, even as premium increases hit double digits in State after State because of Republican actions. If the Trump ad-ministration gets its way, our entire healthcare system will be thrown into chaos. A mom goes to a health insurance company: My daughter has cancer. We are not going to fund you. She goes to another one. We are not going to fund you. The mother suffered. The family suf-fered. Their child is agonizing, dying of cancer, and they can’t get insurance now because the Trump administration is no longer saying that we are going to protect people who apply with pre-existing conditions. What is going on here? What is going on? And our Republican friends do nothing. The one thing I can tell you is that healthcare is going to be the big-gest issue in 2018. It is far more impor-tant to the vast majority of Americans than any other issue. It is far more im-portant than the tax cut they get, be-cause for most Americans whatever they got back in tax cuts—for many, many Americans, and my guess is most—is a lot less than the amount their premiums are increasing. It is a killer for small businesses and others who want to insure their workers. President Trump, when he ran, ex-plicitly and repeatedly said that he was going to protect folks with preexisting conditions. He has once again undone what he has promised. He has dropped the ball on healthcare, letting middle- class Americans, average Americans, and working families pay an awful price. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mrs. ERNST). The Senator from Massachu-setts. 
NET NEUTRALITY  
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I wish to follow up on what the Demo-cratic leader was making reference to with regard to net neutrality. Today is the day when net neutrality rules are gone, even though there is a way in which we, the Congress, can put them right back on the books. That is what happened in the Senate 3 weeks ago, when we voted 52 to 47 to put the net neutrality protections back on the books to ensure that they would be there for every American. As Senator SCHUMER was just pointing out, the ball is in the court of the House of Rep-resentatives—the Republican-con-trolled House of Representatives. We passed net neutrality in the Senate on a bipartisan basis. Senator M
URKOWSKI , Senator C OL-
LINS, and Senator K ENNEDY of Lou-isiana voted for net neutrality. We know, as Senator S
CHUMER just said, that if the vote was taken right now on net neutrality in the House of Rep-resentatives, it would win. We would be able to put those protections back on the books. Millions of people rose up throughout the last 6 months of last year, with 22 million of them con-tacting the FCC. Ajit Pai, the Chair-man of the FCC, ignored those 22 mil-lion people, and by a 3-to-2 vote on the Federal Communications Commission, they took net neutrality off of the books. In other words, they officially stripped consumers of the protections that have allowed our economy and our democracy to flourish. Now Americans will have to blindly trust their cable companies, their broadband companies, and their internet providers to protect them against discrimination. It is Big Cable’s dream come true. They have al-ready won at the FCC, but now the counterrevolution is underway. In the Senate, it has already happened. What we need to do now is to have the same level of energy with those millions of Americans who are tar-geting the House of Representatives and telling them that they want net neutrality, that they want non-discrimination principles, that they want equal protection for the smallest voices, the smallest companies to be the law of the land—net neutrality. We need entrepreneurs; we need job cre-ators, we need small businesses, which are the lifeblood of the American econ-omy, to be protected against the nat-ural tendency of the biggest corpora-tions to pump up profits at the expense of the little guy. Yet you don’t have to take my word for it. In looking back over recent history, before net neutrality protections were codified, in 2007, an Associated Press investigation found that Comcast was blocking or severely slowing down BitTorrent—a website that allowed consumers to share video, music, and video game files. From 2007 to 2009, AT&T forced Apple to block Skype and other competing services from using AT&T’s wireless network in order to encourage users to purchase more voice minutes. In 2011, Verizon blocked Google Wallet to protect a competing service that it had a financial stake in developing and promoting. We all know it is just a matter of time before these big companies will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.003 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3398 June 11, 2018 
start to exercise their unfettered right to begin discriminating. Historically, these powerful corporations protect themselves, and they neglect consumer issues; they prioritize profits; they dis-regard service; they pocket their prof-its, and everyday Americans lose. There will be no eulogy for net neu-trality here on the floor of the Senate today. The FCC will not have the last word when it comes to net neutrality, but the American people will. We are going to have a tsunami of Americans who will contact their Members of the House of Representatives to demand that it have a vote on net neutrality in the same way we had that vote here on the Senate floor. We know that when that vote takes place that the Amer-ican people are going to win, that net neutrality is going to win, that the principles of nondiscrimination are going to win. Too many people today think that this whole idea of discrimination is back in vogue—that you can start talk-ing about it in a way that has not been a part of our culture for a generation. Yet it is back. In a lot of ways, net neutrality is part of that whole discus-sion of whether or not the American people get protected against discrimi-nation. We have an enhanced urgency be-cause the FCC’s rules are now final, and net neutrality is no longer the law of the land. That is what happened today. The Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, Ajit Pai, is taking his victory lap today. He is so proud of what has happened—that net neutrality has been taken off the books—despite 22 million Americans saying they wanted it to stay on the books. Here is what we know. Consumers don’t trust their cable and internet companies to do the right thing unless strict rules are in place to protect ev-eryone in our country. We know that when you take a democratized plat-form with endless opportunity for com-munication and you add American in-genuity, you get economic growth; you get innovation; you get democracy on-line. That is what this fight is all about, and this fight is far from over. We are going to intensify our efforts to ensure that there is going to be a vote on the floor of the House of Represent-atives. Conventional wisdom thought that it was all over last December, that once the FCC voted 3 to 2, it was over. The FCC didn’t in any way anticipate the 52-to-47 vote here on the Senate floor to reinstitute net neutrality just 3 weeks ago, and it is dramatically un-derestimating the response of Ameri-cans all across our country who are de-scending electronically on the House of Representatives—on the part of Con-gress that has yet to vote on these issues. We are going to see millions of teachers, students, entrepreneurs, small business owners, and activists mobilize to protect the internet. They have demonstrated on the streets. They have written letters. They have made calls. They have signed petitions. They have posted on social media. That is what we are going to continue to see. Already, 170 Members of the House of Representatives have signed the dis-charge petition, which is a technical term for saying: Call for a vote on the floor of the House of Representatives to vote on net neutrality. The momen-tum is building. They need 218. They have 170 right now. They are 48 Mem-bers of the House of Representatives short of winning over there. The pres-sure is going to intensify every single day, especially since net neutrality has now been, as of this moment, taken off the books. By the way, this fight is being waged at the State level as well. In California, just 2 weeks ago, the State senate voted 25 to 12 to reinstitute net neu-trality, and in New York, in Massachu-setts, in Oregon, and in Washington—in State after State—they are rising. They are saying: If the Federal Govern-ment will not protect us, then we will protect ourselves. We know that influential lobbyists aren’t going to go away, but the Amer-ican people aren’t going to go away ei-ther. This is their government. This is the place at which they expect their will to be respected. When net neu-trality is taken off the books—an issue that polls at 86 percent of all Ameri-cans—the will of the American people is not being respected. There is nothing more powerful than the collective voices of millions of Americans who are working together with a common mission, and that is to restore net neu-trality to the books. The campaign to restore the internet, to save the inter-net, enters a new phase today. The ur-gency has never been higher, but the intensity level across this country has never been higher. Today is not the day for a eulogy for net neutrality. The fight has just begun. We thank every Senator who has al-ready voted for net neutrality, and we thank every American who has worked toward that goal. Now let us redouble our efforts, because we have to turn this into a campaign issue in 2018 that matches all of the other issues that are driving the agenda of our country. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PUERTO RICO HURRICANE RECOVERY EFFORT  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, a re-cent study from Harvard suggested that the actual death toll in Puerto Rico as a result of Hurricane Maria could be as much as 70 times higher than what was previously reported. In fact, the study, which was released 2 weeks ago, suggests that the death toll could actually have been in a range from 800 all the way up to close to 8,000 deaths, and that is compared to the of-ficial FEMA count of 64. Recently, I was with the former Gov-ernor and now father of the present Governor, Pedro Rosello. He shared with me that a George Washington University study is underway to more accurately count the deaths resulting from the hurricane, but there is no rea-son why there should be such a discrep-ancy among U.S. citizens in these re-ports. The latest findings are just an-other stain on the Federal Govern-ment’s overall response to the ongoing disaster in Puerto Rico, which has not been too stellar. The people of Puerto Rico are our fel-low American citizens. They have a right to know exactly what happened on the island as a result of not just one massive storm but the second one which hit as well. They have a right to know exactly how many of their friends and neighbors lost their lives as a result of this disaster and exactly what the Federal Government is doing to prevent such a tragedy from hap-pening again. That is why Senator HARRIS of Cali-fornia and I have introduced a bill to create a better way to track the num-ber of deaths caused by a disaster. The legislation would require FEMA to work with the National Academy of Medicine to develop a new uniform sys-tem for local, State, and Federal offi-cials across the country to more quick-ly and accurately determine the num-ber of deaths by a disaster like Hurri-cane Maria. Not only will this bill help to provide some semblance of closure to the families affected by devastating events, but it will also ensure that the areas that are hardest hit by these dis-asters are getting all of the disaster as-sistance they are entitled to, including funeral assistance, which can help un-insured families afford the cost of burying their loved ones. This legisla-tion that Senator H
ARRIS and I have filed is just one more step in our over-all effort to help folks recover from the storms from last summer. I am urging my colleagues to work with us to get it done. The people of Puerto Rico aren’t the only ones still working to recover from last year’s storms. While we are now officially already in June in the midst of this year’s hurricane season, there are still too many communities in Florida that have not received the hur-ricane recovery funds that Congress passed this past February—the hurri-cane disaster assistance appropria-tions. It is June and we passed it last February and it is still not out the door of the agencies. That is 122 days ago, about 4 months. Folks are hurting. They would like to have the disaster assistance money we appropriated. For these communities, this is unbeliev-able. They are not just waiting for money from Hurricane Irma from last year, they are waiting for funds from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.005 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3399 June 11, 2018 
Hurricane Hermine and Hurricane Mat-thew from 2 years ago. This Senator has repeatedly called on the administration to do more to expe-dite these funds for those who need it most by getting the funds to them. However, our calls and our requests go unheeded. We have fishermen and farmers whose livelihoods are being threatened, and their assistance is being slow-walked. Some may have to close up their businesses if they don’t see relief soon. Specifically, communities in the Florida Keys were especially dev-astated. The eye of the hurricane went over about 19 miles up the chain from Key West. Those on the northeast quadrant of the storm got it the worst—around Big Pine Key. They are still waiting for some of their assist-ance that was due for that hurricane last year. There are homes that are still not repaired, and there are canals that are still full of debris. According to a recent article in the Miami Herald, only $600,000 in FEMA reimbursements has been deposited so far to Monroe County, which is in the Florida Keys. That is unacceptable. How are these communities expected to prepare for the 2018 hurricane season if they don’t have the funds they were due from a year ago? I am again urging the Trump admin-istration to see this as the emergency it truly is and finally release the funds to those who so desperately need them. These communities can’t wait any longer. Congress has acted, and now it is time for the administration to do its part. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF MIKI BOWMAN  
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, in my time in the Senate, I have tried hard to make certain that rural Amer-ica—rural Kansas in particular but all of rural America—has an advocate and that we work hard to make certain that colleagues from across the coun-try understand the important issues we face in small towns across Kansas and around the country. Today, I want to talk about an oppor-tunity we have that I think will be most beneficial to those of us who come from places like the Presiding Of-ficer and I do. I rise today to speak in support of Miki Bowman. She was nom-inated recently—she had a hearing in front of our Banking Committee—to be a member of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. Tomorrow, our Banking Committee will consider her nomina-tion. I want to make certain that my colleagues on the committee and cer-tainly my colleagues here in the Sen-ate understand how valuable Miki will be as a member of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve Board and understand her qualifications. She is a native of a small town in Kansas. She is a native of Morris Coun-ty in a beautiful part of our State. She received a degree from the University of Kansas as an undergrad and a law degree from Washburn University in Topeka. She is a rural American. Her talents brought her to Wash-ington, DC. She served at the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Department of Homeland Security, and on the U.S. House of Representatives Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee as a staffer, as well as in the office of Sen-ator Bob Dole, one of my predecessors in the Senate. Like many of the Kansans I have known who have come here to Wash-ington, DC, to work over the years, she found her way back home to Kansas when she returned to her hometown and became the vice president of the Farmers & Drovers Bank in 2010. In 2017, Ms. Bowman became the State bank commissioner for our State, where she is currently responsible for overseeing hundreds of State chartered banks, trust companies, money trans-mitters, and other nondepository enti-ties. Ms. Bowman is precisely the kind of person I envision to fill the community bank representative position on the Board of Governors. The Federal Re-serve Act now requires—and we worked hard to make sure this was the case— that the President ‘‘appoint at least one member with demonstrated pri-mary experience working in or super-vising community banks having less than $10 billion in total assets.’’ Well, the Farmers & Drovers Bank in Coun-cil Grove, KS, is a $175 million bank— well below that $10 billion threshold. So Ms. Bowman not only qualifies by the criteria of the statute—she is a banker—but she is also a supervisor, as exemplified by her role now as our State banking commissioner. If those qualifications aren’t enough, I have come to know Miki Bowman as a forthright, intelligent, quality indi-vidual with a demonstrated record of service to her State, her country, and to her community. Those of us who know what I call relationship bankers know how important their role is in a small town in Kansas and across the country. The perspective she brings to the table as a banker, as a regulator, as a public servant, as a mother, and as a community leader is exactly the kind of perspective I think our country and our economy need at the Federal Re-serve Board. I look forward to voting to advance Ms. Bowman’s nomination tomorrow morning in the Banking Committee. I urge all my colleagues to support her confirmation when she is considered by the full Senate in the near future. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, as the eyes of the world are fixed on Singapore, I rise today to discuss an-other important development in our Nation’s diplomatic efforts in the Indo- Pacific. Tomorrow, we will open a new chap-ter in the relationship between the United States and our longstanding friend and ally Taiwan by opening the new complex of the American Institute in Taiwan, or AIT, which serves as a de facto U.S. Embassy in Taiwan. You can see the ‘‘Strong Foundation, Bright Future’’—this incredible new facility in Taiwan to replace the existing facil-ity we have. I am pleased that Marie Royce, the Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Af-fairs, will attend the ceremony on be-half of the United States. Along with my colleagues, Senators RUBIO, INHOFE , and C
ORNYN , I sent a letter and called for a Cabinet-level official to attend the ceremony as well. There are a lot of things going on in Asia on June 12. The opening of this state-of-the-art complex comes at a most opportune time as a demonstration of strong U.S. support for the people of Taiwan. I join my colleagues in Congress in wel-coming this new facility and thanking the men and women of our Foreign Service in Taipei and around the world for their service to our Nation. The new AIT facility will cultivate the relationship between the United States and Taiwan and further dem-onstrate the commitment of the United States to bolster its friendship and commercial and defensive partnership with Taiwan. Today, I also announce that I will be introducing a resolution welcoming the new AIT complex. I encourage my col-leagues to cosponsor this resolution to express our support and excitement for this new facility. Taiwan is a free, democratic, and prosperous nation of 23 million people and an important contributor to peace and stability around the world. In many ways, Taiwan should serve as the model for a free and open Indo-Pacific. The Taiwan Relations Act of 1979, which governs our unofficial relations with Taiwan, calls ‘‘to preserve and promote extensive, close, and friendly commercial, cultural, and other rela-tions between the people of the United States and the people of Taiwan.’’ The Taiwan Relations Act also unequivo-cally states that it is the policy of the United States ‘‘to resist any resort to force or other forms of coercion that would jeopardize the security, or the social or economic system, of the peo-ple on Taiwan.’’ Since the election of President Tsai in 2016, Taiwan has been under unre-lenting pressure from Beijing in a shameful and dangerous effort to de-prive Taiwan of international legit-imacy and to undermine the fragile status quo between Beijing and Taipei. In the last month alone, Taiwan lost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.006 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3400 June 11, 2018 
two diplomatic allies—the Dominican Republic and Burkina Faso. Taipei has also once again been shut out of the World Health Assembly due to pressure from Beijing. Despite this decision, de-spite this treatment, Taiwan has nev-ertheless made a very generous dona-tion of $1 million to the World Health Organization for Ebola-related relief efforts. It is time for the United States to ag-gressively push back against Beijing’s effort to undermine a free Taiwan. Two weeks ago, I had an opportunity to visit Taipei and meet with President Tsai and personally thank her for her friendship and Taiwan’s valuable con-tributions to global peace and sta-bility. I think that friendship can be seen in this new AIT facility. I have also introduced two bipartisan bills in the Senate that will enhance U.S. relations with Taiwan and send a very strong message to Beijing that the United States will never—the United States will never—abandon our friends in Taipei. The first bill is the Asia Reassurance Initiative Act, or ARIA, which is a bill that presents a new, comprehensive policy framework for U.S. policy to-ward the Indo-Pacific. We introduced ARIA on April 24, 2018, with a group of bipartisan cosponsors, including Senators M
ARKEY , CARDIN , R
UBIO, and Y OUNG . Senators S ULLIVAN  and P
ERDUE , with whom I traveled to the Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore last week, have also joined in this ef-fort. ARIA recognizes that Taiwan should be front and center in our Indo-Pacific strategy. ARIA states that it is the policy of the United States to faith-fully enforce all existing U.S. commit-ments to Taiwan, as enshrined in the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979 and the six assurances offered by President Ronald Reagan in 1982. ARIA also authorizes the sale of ad-vanced weapons, weapon parts, and up-grades to Taiwan, consistent with U.S. law, and urges the President to regu-larize the arms sales consultation proc-ess with Congress. Finally, it authorizes high-level mili-tary and diplomatic contacts with Tai-pei, consistent with the Taiwan Travel Act, which was signed into law by President Trump on March 16, 2018. Last week, the Wall Street Journal editorial board endorsed ARIA, includ-ing writing that the bill ‘‘notably en-courages regular weapons sales to Tai-pei.’’ I ask unanimous consent that the Wall Street Journal editorial, titled ‘‘China’s Military Escalation,’’ dated June 4, 2018, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From The Wall Street Journal, June 4, 2018] C
HINA’SMILITARY ESCALATION  (By The Editorial Board) While President Trump focuses on trade and North Korea, China is aggressively building military outposts beyond its bor-ders in the South China Sea. Beijing wants to push Washington out of the Indo-Pacific, and the Trump Administration and Congress may finally be developing a serious strategy to respond. Trillions of dollars of trade annually float through the Indo-Pacific, which stretches from East Africa through East Asia. In re-cent years China has built military bases on artificial islands hundreds of miles from its shores, ignoring international law and a 2016 ruling by a United Nations tribunal. The buildup has accelerated in recent weeks, as China has deployed antiship mis-siles, surface-to-air missiles and electronic jammers on the Spratly islands and even nu-clear-capable bombers on nearby Woody Is-land. This violates an explicit promise that Chinese President Xi Jinping made to Barack Obama in 2015 that ‘‘China does not intend to pursue militarization’’ on the Spratlys. The next step could be deployed forces. At that point ‘‘China will be able to extend its influence thousands of miles to the south and project power deep into Oceania,’’ Admi-ral Philip Davidson, who leads the U.S. Indo- Pacific Command, said in April. In the face of China’s buildup, the U.S. has shown uneven commitment. Mr. Obama lim-ited freedom-of-navigation patrols to avoid a confrontation and never committed the re-sources to make his ‘‘pivot to Asia’’ a re-ality. China saw Mr. Obama’s hesitation and kept advancing. The growing concern is that China will begin to dictate the terms of navi-gation to the world and coerce weaker neigh-boring countries to agree to its foreign pol-icy and trading goals. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis lately has been putting this concern front and center. He recently rescinded an invitation to the Chinese navy to participate in the multi-national Rimpac exercises off Hawaii this summer. And at the annual Shangri-La secu-rity dialogue in Singapore this weekend, Mr. Mattis said that ‘‘the placement of these weapons systems is tied directly to military use for the purposes of intimidation and co-ercion.’’ He pointed to the Rimpac cancellation as a ‘‘small consequence’’ of this behavior and said there could be ‘‘larger consequences,’’ albeit unspecified, in the future. One such consequence could be more fre-quent and regular freedom-of-navigation op-erations inside the 12-mile territorial waters claimed by China. Joint operations with al-lies would have an even greater deterrent ef-fect, and the U.S. should encourage others to join. Beijing will try to punish any country that sails with the U.S., but that will under-score the coercive nature of its plans. Believe it or not, Congress is also trying to help with the bipartisan Asia Reassurance Initiative Act (ARIA). The Senate bill af-firms core American alliances with Aus-tralia, Japan and South Korea, while calling for deeper military and economic ties with India and Taiwan. It notably encourages reg-ular weapons sales to Taipei. The bill authorizes $1.5 billion a year over five years to fund regular military exercises and improve defenses throughout the region. It also funds the fight against Southeast Asian terror groups, including Islamic State. This will help, but more will be needed. This year’s $61 billion military spending increase was more backfill than buildup, and China recently boosted its defense budget 8.1%. ARIA also tries to address Mr. Trump’s major strategic blunder of withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which didn’t include China. The Senate bill grants the President power to negotiate new bilateral and multilateral trade deals. It also calls for the export of liquefied nat-ural gas to the Indo-Pacific and authorizes the U.S. Trade Representative to negotiate a deal with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean). If the U.S. had a trade rep who believed in trade, this could strengthen the U.S. relationship with Vietnam and the Philippines—countries at odds with China over its territorial claims and militarism. The bill is backed by Republicans Cory Gardner and Marco Rubio and Democrats Ben Cardin and Ed Markey, which is a wide ideological net. China’s rise, and Mr. Xi’s de-termination to make China the dominant power in the Indo-Pacific, is a generational challenge that will require an enduring, bi-partisan strategy and commitment. A firmer stand to deter Chinese military expan-sionism is an essential start. Mr. GARDNER. On May 24, 2018, I also filed the Taiwan International Participation Act, or TIPA, with Sen-ator M
ARKEY . This bipartisan effort es-tablishes that it should be the policy of the United States to support Taiwan’s participation in appropriate inter-national organizations, to instruct U.S. representatives in international orga-nizations to use the voice and vote of the United States to support Taiwan’s inclusion in appropriate international organizations around the globe, and to direct the President and his represent-atives to raise Taiwan’s participation in appropriate international organiza-tions during relevant bilateral engage-ments with the government of the PRC. I call on my colleagues to support both of these important pieces of legis-lation, which are efforts to show our strong support for the people of Tai-wan. There is much more we can do and we should do to enhance our rela-tionship with Taiwan, and I call on the administration to undertake all efforts allowable under U.S. law to enhance our relationship with Taipei. The opening of this new facility to-morrow, this new AIT complex—in fact, just a few hours from now—is a great sign of friendship and commit-ment from the United States, and I congratulate all those who have made this possible. I know Senator R
UBIO is on the floor today to talk about this and the impor-tant support the United States con-tinues to show for Taiwan, but I will finish on this before I yield the floor. In my conversation with President Tsai, I talked about how Taiwan is really a great leader from whom we should learn and recognize and value their leadership around the globe. I think the million-dollar contribution they made to combat Ebola issues is just one small signal that they have an important role to play on the world stage, and I hope our allies around the globe will continue to engage Taiwan, as appropriate, and make sure they have that strong international voice that they sometimes feel to be lacking today. I encourage my colleagues to stand up to support Taiwan. I congratulate AIT on this new facility and certainly look forward to engaging Taiwan even more as we move forward. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.007 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3401 June 11, 2018 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I want to start by thanking the Senator from Colorado, who has shown real leader-ship on the subcommittee that involves all of these matters regarding the Indo- Pacific region, and he is here on the floor to talk about a series of other measures that are in place. None of us here will be in Taipei to-morrow to attend the ceremony, but we all want to take this opportunity to applaud the opening of the American Institute in Taiwan and its new com-pound. This building will be so much more than just new office space. It will serve as a tangible symbol of the strong and enduring friendship between the United States and Taiwan, which is a democracy and is a strong ally of this country. Taiwan is not just an important eco-nomic and security partner. As I have said already, it is a very vibrant de-mocracy. It has a prosperous free en-terprise economy. Frankly, it is a shin-ing example of what we hope the rest of the Indo-Pacific region will become and continue to be. The opening of this new office comes at a critical time when both the United States and Taiwan face major chal-lenges that are posed by the Com-munist Party of China, which governs that country. Under the Communist Party, Beijing has increased its efforts to undermine and erode U.S. interests, even as it moves to isolate Taiwan on the international stage. For example, the Chinese Government has success-fully blocked Taiwan’s meaningful par-ticipation in many international orga-nizations, such as the World Health Or-ganization. Unfortunately, here in our own hemi-sphere, they have been successful in pressuring certain nations to cut their diplomatic ties with Taiwan and, in-stead, create new ones with Beijing. By the way, that is not Taiwan’s po-sition, but it is Beijing that makes you choose. You can either have relations with them or Taiwan—but not with both. The latest, by the way, is the Domin-ican Republic, not far from our coast, where, in exchange for billions of dol-lars of assurances, they made that change. They will deny it, but you will see the billions coming in. These bil-lions of dollars sound like a really good deal until you realize they bring their workers from China, and it is all a one- way street. It is all there to benefit China. Look around the world at all of the countries that have taken all of this money, 5 years, 3 years later; they are terrible deals with terrible terms that are good for China but bad for the country that took the money. But in this particular case, they were success-ful, and they are going to continue to chip away at those countries. About a year before, Panama had cut their ties with Taiwan. What China has made very clear is that their intention is to continue to both pressure and entice—I say ‘‘en-tice,’’ but probably the right word is ‘‘bribe’’—additional countries to do the exact same thing. And they do it, as I said, with the promise of investments and loans. I encourage these countries and ev-eryone who is listening and cares about these issues to go and look at the his-tory of these loans, these enticements, and these investments. You will see how bad they ultimately are for the country that helps them. They all come with troubling strings attached. The Chinese Government, by the way, has even been successful in bul-lying American companies when it comes to Taiwan—or other topics, for that matter, that they deem too sen-sitive for the Communist Party. Per-haps the most recent, outrageous ex-ample is an American, working in America—not in China, in America— for an American company, Marriott Hotels, was fired from his job because he accidentally liked a tweet that said something about Taiwan and Tibet being independent of China. Imagine that you work for a com-pany, and you go online. You acciden-tally retweet something—or like it— and you get fired because China goes to Marriott and says: We will cut you off from doing business if you don’t get rid of this guy. They fired an American, in the United States. If you think the things China is doing are things that are happening halfway around the world with Taiwan—they are hap-pening to Americans right here. A few weeks ago, one of the clothing stores put out a T-shirt, and on this T- shirt it had a map of China, but it didn’t include Taiwan. They had to apologize for that and call back all of the T-shirts or they were going to get kicked out. An American airline, United Airlines, was told that unless they changed their website so that it no longer referred to Taiwan as an independent country, they would be punished. They are intimidating American businesses in the United States because of Taiwan and other issues the Com-munist Party finds unacceptable. For far too long this aggression has gone unchecked. China must not be al-lowed to continue to interfere any fur-ther in Taiwan’s relations or standing with the rest of the world. Earlier this year, I, along with nu-merous colleagues, passed a law that the President has signed. It is called the Taiwan Travel Act. It encourages high-level visits between American of-ficials and their Taiwanese counter-parts. I hope the administration will move quickly to begin implementing this and send high-level officials, in-cluding Cabinet-level officials, to Tai-pei to meet with their counterparts there. Our friendship with Taiwan is based on our shared ideals and the common vision of an Asia that is prosperous, peaceful, and free. The United States must, should, and, I hope, will continue to stand by Taiwan, irrespective of any pressure that others, including the Communist Party of China, may bring to bear on this relationship. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, first of all, the comments that were made by my friend from Florida are right on target. I recall—actually, it was 30 years ago—a book that was written by An-thony Kubek called, ‘‘Modernizing China.’’ Everything he said at that time that was going to happen in the future has now happened with the lead-ers and the freedoms that China has never known. Then, when you go and see what is happening all around the world right now with China and in the South China Sea—they are building all of these islands down there. Our allies believe they are preparing for World War III, so that is really serious stuff. Anyway, we are going to be voting in a few minutes on moving forward on the bill that every year, arguably, is the most significant bill of the year. It has passed now for 57 consecutive years. We are anxious to get to the John S. McCain National Defense Au-thorization Act. It is our hope, as we consider the bill this week, that we can have an open amendment process, just as we did in the committee markup, where we con-sidered 300 bipartisan amendments. I am joined here by Senator R
EED, who is the ranking member of the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee. We are all in agreement on a lot of things, one being an open amendment process. We want to make sure everyone has an op-portunity to offer their amendments. Unfortunately, with the rules of the Senate, it is sometimes difficult be-cause people can object to anything, and then everything stops. But on this bill, I can’t imagine it is going to hap-pen because of the significance of this bill. We can’t overstate the significance of the NDAA legislation, which prioritizes modernizing our forces. There is wide-spread agreement that we need this legislation. Just look at some of the headlines. This weekend, the Washington Post had an article about how the Pentagon fears we aren’t keeping pace with China and Russia in the area of hypersonic weapons. Hypersonic weap-ons are weapons that move at five times the speed of sound. We are actu-ally behind both China and Russia in developing that capability. We could say the same thing about the triad nuclear progress. We have done virtually nothing in the last 10 years while we have watched China and Russia go beyond this. Of course, these are the things we are addressing. On Memorial Day, the Oklahoman discussed how China and Russia have artillery capabilities. Artillery capa-bilities are generally looked at in terms of rapid fire and range, and they are ahead of us in both of these areas. This idea that America has the best of everything is something that most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.010 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3402 June 11, 2018 
people believe, but we have fallen be-hind. We need not be critical of how we got behind. That is not important now. We know where we are, and we know we can start with this bill, and we are going to be having a motion to advance the bill. Let me say this. During the consider-ation of this bill in committee, we had well-attended meetings. We actually considered 300 amendments during the course of consideration in conference to bring it to the floor out of com-mittee, and it passed unanimously, so it is something we worked on very closely together. Senator J
ACK REED and I worked very closely, and we had very few dis-agreements. I think we both agree on this: We have to get the bill done, and we want to have an open amendment process. If, for some reason, there is a lot of objection to that, we will express ourselves, and, hopefully, we will be successful. With that, I thank Senator R
EEDnot only for the cooperation we have had— not just from Senator R
EED—but also for his leadership in the committee so that we could come to the point where we are today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. Let me also extend my thanks to the Senator from Oklahoma for his co-operation and leadership. As he indicated very accurately, on a bipartisan basis, we considered numer-ous amendments. We were virtually unanimous at the conclusion of the committee deliberations in terms of bringing this bill to the floor. His staff and the Democratic staff were working all weekend to prepare a package of amendments, which we think can be accepted unanimously as an initial step in the process, the man-agers’ package. Then, like Senator I
NHOFE , I would like to see a process where we have a series of amendments from both sides, adequate time to de-bate the amendment, and then a vote on the amendment as we move forward. Then we are hoping to be able to do so in a very deliberate and thoughtful way, and reach, we hope, in a timely manner, a point where we have dis-cussed the major concerns of all of our colleagues, voted on many of them, and then ask for final passage of a bill that is worthy of passage. Each year we have done so. This will begin to set us on a path to conference with the House of Representatives and then a final conference report here. Once again, I thank the Senator from Oklahoma and concur that we would like to see—and so far, his cooperation and his leadership has engendered co-operation so we can have a series of amendments on the floor. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, let me make one more comment because it is not very often we come with a really significant piece of legislation that ev-eryone agrees on; that everyone agrees we have to have. There is no question about that. I would say this also has the support of not just me and Senator REEDbut also the leadership in the mi-nority and the majority in the Senate. The one thing everyone agrees on is an open amendment process. It is frustrating, and I ask my friend from Rhode Island if he agrees with this; that under the Senate rules, one person can really make it very dif-ficult—in fact, one person can preclude us from having any votes on amend-ments just because that is the way the Senate works. Last week, we experi-enced that on Thursday. We wanted to advance the bill at that time and bring it forward, but we couldn’t because of just one individual making a demand that his amendment be heard. So I am hoping we discourage people from doing that. I think Senator R
EEDwould join me in encouraging our Members to bring their amendments down to start mov-ing this forward before something hap-pens that obstructs the progress we an-ticipate we are going to be enjoying. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I couldn’t concur more with the Senator from Oklahoma. We have both, in our ca-reers in the Senate, seen debates on the floor on the NDAA that were very open, that proceeded over the course of several days, and that produced very sound legislation. Then we have seen situations in which, frankly, no amend-ments could be offered because almost immediately we were in a position of deadlock. The majority leader, Repub-lican or Democratic, filed the final clo-ture motion and suddenly we were on final passage without amendments. I think the bill is good. I think there are many important issues we can de-bate. We might disagree on the out-come of the vote, but that debate and that vote is very critical to the na-tional security of the United States. So I do, in fact, concur with the Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, there are some issues where we are going to have a partisan difference. We already pretty much know where they are. There are going to be some controver-sial votes, and that is fine. That is the way this is supposed to be, and this is a good way to settle it. I recently came back from Afghani-stan, Kuwait, and a lot of places where we have our troops. Let me say that if we don’t go ahead and get this done— because we have already announced the bill being done as we speak—we have an awful lot of troops out there who are going to really wonder: Are we really supportive, offering our support to them, these guys and gals who are out risking their lives and doing the heavy lifting? So we are anxious to get started, and we will have the vote shortly. We will get on the bill. I would like to go ahead and start in on amendments so, hope-fully, that will take place. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, through the Presiding Officer, I would like to talk to both of our leaders and thank them for the work they have done. I, too, look forward to having numbers of amendments. I think many people here are aware that I have an amendment that deals with the 232 tariff issue, and I know there is a lot of interest in that amend-ment. We actually have strong bipar-tisan support from a range of very re-spected Senators. There has been a blue slip issued that has been erased. I was asked by Sen-ator INHOFE , as well as by Senator M
CCONNELL , to solve the blue-slip issue. I just wanted Members to know we have talked to the Parliamentarian, and I plan to ask unanimous consent, after we vote to move to the bill, for a very short paragraph to be consented to that would then solve the blue-slip issue and then cause my amendment to be able to be heard without, in any way, tainting the bill should it move across the Senate floor to the House. I have given that language to the well. I know they are going to talk to Laura Dove and Gary a little bit about it. I just wanted to make you aware, as a courtesy, that I do plan, after we move to the bill, to ask unanimous consent on something that should be totally unobjectionable and that in no way prejudices my amendment in a fa-vorable way; it just allows us to move to it without having the blue-slip issue that has been raised. Mr. INHOFE. Let me make one com-ment about this. First of all, I would say to the Senator from Tennessee how much I appreciate the courtesy he has expressed and the way he has dealt with it and talked about his interest. I think he and I actually had a disagree-ment on the content of one of his inter-ests, but, nonetheless, we talked it over, and we had a chance to iron those things out. I do want to publicly thank you for not running in and objecting and making it difficult for us to get our jobs done. Mr. CORKER. Thank you. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. All time has expired. The question now occurs on agreeing to the motion to proceed. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.011 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3403 June 11, 2018 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 91, nays 4, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 120 Leg.] YEAS—91 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—4 
Merkley Paul Sanders Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Blunt Cardin Duckworth Gillibrand McCain 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2282 (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 2282. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oklahoma [Mr. I NHOFE ] proposes an amendment numbered 2282. 
Mr. INHOFE. I ask unanimous con-sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of June 6, 2018, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) AMENDMENT NO . 2282, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. INHOFE. I send a modification to amendment No. 2282 to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has that right. The amendment is modified. The amendment, as modified, is as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘John S. McCain National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in this or any other Act to the ‘‘National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into four divisions as follows: (1) Division A—Department of Defense Au-thorizations. (2) Division B—Military Construction Au-thorizations. (3) Division C—Department of Energy Na-tional Security Authorizations and Other Authorizations. (4) Division D—Funding Tables. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table of contents. Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. Sec. 4. Budgetary effects of this Act. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Army Programs Sec. 111. Deployment by the Army of an in-terim cruise missile defense ca-pability. Subtitle C—Navy Programs Sec. 121. Multiyear procurement authority for F/A–18E/F Super Hornet and EA–18G aircraft program. Sec. 122. Multiyear procurement authority for E–2D Advanced Hawkeye (AHE) aircraft program. Sec. 123. Extension of limitation on use of sole-source shipbuilding con-tracts for certain vessels. Sec. 124. Prohibition on availability of funds for Navy port waterborne secu-rity barriers. Sec. 125. Multiyear procurement authority for Standard Missile-6. Sec. 126. Limitation on availability of funds for the Littoral Combat Ship. Sec. 127. Nuclear refueling of aircraft car-riers. Sec. 128. Limitation on funding for Amphib-ious Assault Vehicle Product Improvement Program. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs Sec. 141. Prohibition on availability of funds for retirement of E–8 JSTARS aircraft. Sec. 142. B–52H aircraft system moderniza-tion report. Sec. 143. Repeal of funding restriction for EC–130H Compass Call Recapi-talization Program and review of program acceleration oppor-tunities. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters Sec. 151. Multiyear procurement authority for C–130J aircraft program. Sec. 152. Quarterly updates on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Sec. 153. Authority to procure additional polar-class icebreakers. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 211. Codification and reauthorization of Defense Research and Develop-ment Rapid Innovation Pro-gram. Sec. 212. Procedures for rapid reaction to emerging technology. Sec. 213. Activities on identification and de-velopment of enhanced personal protective equipment against blast injury. Sec. 214. Human factors modeling and sim-ulation activities. Sec. 215. Expansion of mission areas sup-ported by mechanisms for expe-dited access to technical talent and expertise at academic insti-tutions. Sec. 216. Advanced manufacturing activi-ties. Sec. 217. National security innovation ac-tivities. Sec. 218. Partnership intermediaries for pro-motion of defense research and education. Sec. 219. Limitation on use of funds for Sur-face Navy Laser Weapon Sys-tem. Sec. 220. Expansion of coordination require-ment for support for national security innovation and entre-preneurial education. Sec. 221. Limitation on funding for Amphib-ious Combat Vehicle 1.2. Sec. 222. Defense quantum information science and technology re-search and development pro-gram. Sec. 223. Joint directed energy test activi-ties. Sec. 224. Requirement for establishment of arrangements for expedited ac-cess to technical talent and ex-pertise at academic institutions to support Department of De-fense missions. Sec. 225. Authority for Joint Directed En-ergy Transition Office to con-duct research relating to high powered microwave capabili-ties. Sec. 226. Joint artificial intelligence re-search, development, and tran-sition activities. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 231. Report on comparative capabilities of adversaries in key tech-nology areas. Sec. 232. Report on active protection sys-tems for armored combat and tactical vehicles. Sec. 233. Next Generation Combat Vehicle. Sec. 234. Report on the future of the defense research and engineering enter-prise. Sec. 235. Modification of reports on mecha-nisms to provide funds to de-fense laboratories for research and development of tech-nologies for military missions. Sec. 236. Report on Mobile Protected Fire-power and Future Vertical Lift. Sec. 237. Improvement of the Air Force sup-ply chain. Sec. 238. Review of guidance on blast expo-sure during training. Sec. 239. List of technologies and manufac-turing capabilities critical to 
Armed Forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.075 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3404 June 11, 2018 
Sec. 240. Report on requiring access to dig-ital technical data in future ac-quisitions of combat, combat service, and combat support systems. Sec. 241. Competitive acquisition strategy for Bradley Fighting Vehicle transmission replacement. Sec. 242. Independent assessment of elec-tronic warfare plans and pro-grams. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment Sec. 311. Further improvements to energy security and resilience. Sec. 312. Funding of study and assessment of health implications of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances con-tamination in drinking water by Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry. Sec. 313. Military Mission Sustainment Siting Clearinghouse. Sec. 314. Operational energy policy. Sec. 315. Funding treatment of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid at State-owned and operated Na-tional Guard installations. Subtitle C—Reports Sec. 321. Reports on readiness. Sec. 322. Report on cold weather capabilities and readiness of United States Armed Forces. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 331. Pilot programs on integration of military information support and civil affairs activities. Sec. 332. Reporting on future years budg-eting by subactivity group. Sec. 333. Restriction on upgrades to aviation demonstration team aircraft. Sec. 334. U.S. Special Operations Command civilian personnel. Sec. 335. Limitation on availability of funds for service-specific Defense Readiness Reporting Systems. Sec. 336. Repurposing and reuse of surplus Army firearms. Sec. 337. Limitation on availability of funds for establishment of additional specialized undergraduate pilot training facility. Sec. 338. Scope of authority for restoration of land due to mishap. Sec. 339. Redesignation of the Utah Test and Training Range (UTTR). Subtitle E—Logistics and Sustainment Sec. 351. Limitation on modifications to Navy Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization (FSRM) structure and mecha-nism. TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. Sec. 402. End strengths for commissioned of-ficers on active duty in certain grades. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. Sec. 412. End strengths for Reserves on ac-tive duty in support of the re-serves. Sec. 413. End strengths for military techni-cians (dual status). Sec. 414. Maximum number of reserve per-sonnel authorized to be on ac-tive duty for operational sup-port. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 421. Military personnel. Sec. 422. Limitation on use of funds for per-sonnel in fiscal year 2019 in ex-cess of statutorily specified end strengths for fiscal year 2018. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy PART I—O
FFICER PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  R
EFORM  Sec. 501. Repeal of codified specification of authorized strengths of certain commissioned officers on active duty. Sec. 502. Annual defense manpower require-ments report matters. Sec. 503. Repeal of requirement for ability to complete 20 years of service by age 62 as qualification for original appointment as a reg-ular commissioned officer. Sec. 504. Enhancement of availability of constructive service credit for private sector training or expe-rience upon original appoint-ment as a commissioned officer. Sec. 505. Standardized temporary promotion authority across the military departments for officers in cer-tain grades with critical skills. Sec. 506. Authority for promotion boards to recommend officers of par-ticular merit be placed higher on a promotion list. Sec. 507. Authority for officers to opt out of promotion board consideration. Sec. 508. Competitive category matters. Sec. 509. Promotion zone matters. Sec. 510. Alternative promotion authority for officers in designated com-petitive categories of officers. Sec. 511. Applicability to additional officer grades of authority for continu-ation on active duty of officers in certain military specialties and career tracks. PART II—O
THER MATTERS  Sec. 516. Matters relating to satisfactory service in grade for purposes of retirement grade of officers in highest grade of satisfactory service. Sec. 517. Reduction in number of years of ac-tive naval service required for permanent appointment as a limited duty officer. Sec. 518. Repeal of original appointment qualification requirement for warrant officers in the regular Army. Sec. 519. Uniform grade of service of the Chiefs of Chaplains of the Armed Forces. Sec. 520. Written justification for appoint-ment of Chiefs of Chaplains in grade below grade of major gen-eral or rear admiral. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management Sec. 521. Authority to adjust effective date of promotion in the event of undue delay in extending Fed-eral recognition of promotion. Sec. 522. Authority to designate certain re-serve officers as not to be con-sidered for selection for pro-motion. Sec. 523. Expansion of personnel subject to authority of the Chief of the National Guard Bureau in the execution of functions and mis-sions of the National Guard Bu-reau. Sec. 524. Repeal of prohibition on service on Army Reserve Forces Policy Committee by members on ac-tive duty. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities Sec. 531. Assessment of Navy standard work-week and related adjustments. Sec. 532. Manning of Forward Deployed Naval Forces. Sec. 533. Navy watchstander records. Sec. 534. Qualification experience require-ments for certain Navy watchstations. Sec. 535. Repeal of 15-year statute of limita-tions on motions or requests for review of discharge or dismissal from the Armed Forces. Sec. 536. Treatment of claims relating to military sexual trauma in cor-rection of military records and review of discharge or dismissal proceedings. Subtitle D—Military Justice Matters Sec. 541. Punitive article on domestic vio-lence under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 542. Inclusion of strangulation and suf-focation in conduct consti-tuting aggravated assault for purposes of the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 543. Authorities of Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces. Sec. 544. Protective orders against individ-uals subject to the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 545. Expansion of eligibility for Special Victims’ Counsel services. Sec. 546. Clarification of expiration of term of appellate military judges of the United States Court of Mili-tary Commission Review. Sec. 547. Expansion of policies on expedited transfer of members of the Armed Forces who are victims of sexual assault. Sec. 548. Uniform command action form on disposition of unrestricted sex-ual assault cases involving members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 549. Inclusion of information on certain collateral conduct of victims of sexual assault in annual reports on sexual assault involving members of the Armed Forces. Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, Transition, and Resilience Sec. 551. Consecutive service of service obli-gation in connection with pay-ment of tuition for off-duty training or education for com-missioned officers of the Armed Forces with any other service obligations. Sec. 552. Consecutive service of active serv-ice obligations for medical training with other service ob-ligations for education or train-ing. Sec. 553. Clarification of application and honorable service requirements under the Troops-to-Teachers Program to members of the Re-tired Reserve. Sec. 554. Prohibition on use of funds for at-tendance of enlisted personnel at senior level and intermediate level officer professional mili-tary education courses. Sec. 555. Repeal of program on encourage-ment of postseparation public and community service. Sec. 556. Expansion of authority to assist members in obtaining profes-sional credentials. Sec. 557. Enhancement of authorities in con-nection with Junior Reserve Of-ficers’ Training Corps pro-grams. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3405 June 11, 2018 
Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters PART I—D
EFENSE DEPENDENTS ’ EDUCATION  M
ATTERS  Sec. 561. Continuation of authority to assist local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and De-partment of Defense civilian employees. Sec. 562. Impact aid for children with severe disabilities. Sec. 563. Department of Defense Education Activity policies and proce-dures on sexual harassment of students of Activity schools. PART II—M
ILITARY FAMILY READINESS  M
ATTERS  Sec. 566. Improvement of authority to con-duct family support programs for immediate family members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. Sec. 567. Expansion of period of availability of Military OneSource program for retired and discharged mem-bers of the Armed Forces and their immediate families. Sec. 568. Expansion of authority for non-competitive appointments of military spouses by Federal agencies. Sec. 569. Improvement of My Career Ad-vancement Account program for military spouses. Sec. 570. Access to military installations for certain surviving spouses and other next of kin of members of the Armed Forces who die while on active duty or certain re-serve duty. Sec. 571. Department of Defense Military Family Readiness Council mat-ters. Sec. 572. Multidisciplinary teams for mili-tary installations on child abuse and other domestic vio-lence. Sec. 573. Provisional or interim clearances to provide childcare services at military childcare centers. Sec. 574. Pilot program on prevention of child abuse and training on safe childcare practices among mili-tary families. Sec. 575. Pilot program on participation of military spouses in Transition Assistance Program activities. Sec. 576. Small business activities of mili-tary spouses on military instal-lations in the United States. Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards Sec. 581. Authorization for award of the Dis-tinguished Service Cross for Justin T. Gallegos for acts of valor during Operation Endur-ing Freedom. Sec. 582. Award of medals or other com-mendations to handlers of mili-tary working dogs. Subtitle H—Other Matters Sec. 591. Authority to award damaged per-sonal protective equipment to members separating from the Armed Forces and veterans as mementos of military service. Sec. 592. Standardization of frequency of academy visits of the Air Force Academy Board of Visitors with academy visits of boards of other military service acad-emies. Sec. 593. Redesignation of the Commandant of the United States Air Force Institute of Technology as the President of the United States Air Force Institute of Tech-nology. Sec. 594. Limitation on justifications en-tered by military recruiters for enlistment or accession of indi-viduals into the Armed Forces. Sec. 595. National Commission on Military, National, and Public Service matters. Sec. 596. Burial of unclaimed remains of in-mates at the United States Dis-ciplinary Barracks Cemetery, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Sec. 597. Space-available travel on Depart-ment of Defense aircraft for veterans with service-connected disabilities rated as total. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances Sec. 601. Fiscal year 2019 increase in mili-tary basic pay. Sec. 602. Repeal of authority for payment of personal money allowances to Navy officers serving in certain positions. Sec. 603. Department of Defense proposal for a pay table for members of the Armed Forces using steps in grade based on time in grade rather than time in service. Sec. 604. Financial support for lessors under the Military Housing Privatiza-tion Initiative during 2019. Sec. 605. Modification of authority of Presi-dent to determine alternative pay adjustment in annual basic pay of members of the uni-formed services. Sec. 606. Eligibility of reserve component members for high-deployment allowance for lengthy or nu-merous deployments and fre-quent mobilizations. Sec. 607. Eligibility of reserve component members for nonreduction in pay while serving in the uni-formed services or National Guard. Sec. 608. Temporary adjustment in rate of basic allowance for housing fol-lowing identification of signifi-cant underdetermination of ci-vilian housing costs for housing areas. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive Pays Sec. 611. One-year extension of certain ex-piring bonus and special pay authorities. Subtitle C—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and Survivor Benefits Sec. 621. Technical corrections in calcula-tion and publication of special survivor indemnity allowance cost of living adjustments. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 631. Rates of per diem for long-term temporary duty assignments. Sec. 632. Prohibition on per diem allowance reductions based on the dura-tion of temporary duty assign-ment or civilian travel. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits Sec. 701. Consolidation of cost-sharing re-quirements under TRICARE Se-lect and TRICARE Prime. Sec. 702. Administration of TRICARE dental plans through the Federal Em-ployees Dental Insurance Pro-gram. Sec. 703. Contraception coverage parity under the TRICARE program. Sec. 704. Pilot program on opioid manage-ment in the military health system. Sec. 705. Pilot program on treatment of members of the Armed Forces for post-traumatic stress dis-order related to military sexual trauma. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration Sec. 711. Improvement of administration of Defense Health Agency and military medical treatment fa-cilities. Sec. 712. Organizational framework of the military healthcare system to support medical requirements of the combatant commands. Sec. 713. Streamlining of TRICARE Prime beneficiary referral process. Sec. 714. Sharing of information with State prescription drug monitoring programs. Sec. 715. Improvement of reimbursement by Department of Defense of enti-ties carrying out State vaccina-tion programs in connection with vaccines provided to cov-ered beneficiaries under the TRICARE Program. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 721. Extension of authority for Joint 
Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Med-ical Facility Demonstration Fund. Sec. 722. Increase in number of appointed members of the Henry M. Jack-son Foundation for the Ad-vancement of Military Medi-cine. Sec. 723. Cessation of requirement for men-tal health assessment of mem-bers after redeployment from a contingency operation upon discharge or release from the Armed Forces. Sec. 724. Pilot program on earning by spe-cial operations forces medics of credits towards a physician as-sistant degree. Sec. 725. Pilot program on partnerships with civilian organizations for spe-cialized medical training. Sec. 726. Registry of individuals exposed to per- and polyfluoroalkyl sub-stances on military installa-tions. Sec. 727. Inclusion of gambling disorder in health assessments for mem-bers of the Armed Forces and related research efforts. Sec. 728. Comptroller General review of De-fense Health Agency oversight of TRICARE managed care sup-port contractors. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, AC-QUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RE-LATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management Sec. 801. Permanent Supply Chain Risk Management Authority. Sec. 802. Commercially available market re-search. Sec. 803. Comptroller General assessment of acquisition programs and re-lated initiatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3406 June 11, 2018 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Lim-itations Sec. 811. Department of Defense contracting dispute matters. Sec. 812. Continuation of technical data rights during challenges. Sec. 813. Increased micro-purchase thresh-old. Sec. 814. Modification of limitations on sin-gle source task or delivery order contracts. Sec. 815. Preliminary cost analysis require-ment for exercise of multiyear contract authority. Sec. 816. Inclusion of best available informa-tion regarding past perform-ance of subcontractors and joint venture partners. Sec. 817. Modification of criteria for waivers of requirement for certified cost and price data. Sec. 818. Subcontracting price and approved purchasing systems. Sec. 819. Comptroller General of the United States report on progress pay-ment financing of Department of Defense contracts. Sec. 820. Authorization to limit foreign ac-cess to technology through con-tracts. Sec. 821. Briefing requirement on services contracts. Sec. 822. Sense of Congress on awarding of contracts to responsible compa-nies that primarily employ American workers and do not actively transfer American jobs to potential adversaries. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs Sec. 831. Program cost, fielding, and per-formance goals in planning major acquisition programs. Sec. 832. Implementation of recommenda-tions of the Independent Study on Consideration of Sustainment in Weapons Sys-tems Life Cycle. Sec. 833. Pilot program to accelerate major weapons system programs. Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Acquisition Workforce Sec. 841. Permanent authority for dem-onstration projects relating to acquisition personnel manage-ment policies and procedures. Sec. 842. Establishment of integrated review team on defense acquisition in-dustry-government exchange. Sec. 843. Exchange program for acquisition workforce employees. Subtitle E—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items Sec. 851. Report on commercial item pro-curement reform. Subtitle F—Industrial Base Matters Sec. 861. National technology and industrial base application process. Sec. 862. Report on defense electronics in-dustrial base. Sec. 863. Support for defense manufacturing communities to support the de-fense industrial base. Subtitle G—Other Transactions Sec. 871. Change to notification requirement for other transactions. Sec. 872. Data and policy on the use of other transactions. Subtitle H—Development and Acquisition of Software Intensive and Digital Products and Services Sec. 881. Clarifications regarding propri-etary and technical data. Sec. 882. Implementation of recommenda-tions of the final report of the Defense Science Board Task Force on the Design and Acqui-sition of Software for Defense Systems. Sec. 883. Implementation of pilot program to use agile or iterative devel-opment methods required under section 873 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018. Sec. 884. Enabling and other activities of the Cloud Executive Steering Group. Subtitle I—Other Matters Sec. 891. Prohibition on certain tele-communications services or equipment. Sec. 892. Limitation on use of funds pending submittal of report on Army Marketing and Advertising Pro-gram. Sec. 893. Permanent SBIR and STTR author-ity for the Department of De-fense. Sec. 894. Procurement of telecommuni-cations supplies for experi-mental purposes. Sec. 895. Access by developmental and oper-ational testing activities to data regarding modeling and simulation activity. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters Sec. 901. Powers and duties of the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering in con-nection with priority emerging technologies. Sec. 902. Redesignation and modification of responsibilities of Under Sec-retary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness. Sec. 903. Modification of responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. Sec. 904. Report on allocation of former re-sponsibilities of the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisi-tion, Technology, and Logis-tics. Sec. 905. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, Assessments, Readiness, and Capabilities. Sec. 906. Clarification of responsibilities and duties of the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense. Sec. 907. Specification of certain duties of the Defense Technical Informa-tion Center. Sec. 908. Limitation on termination of, and transfer of functions, respon-sibilities, and activities of, the Strategic Capabilities Office. Sec. 909. Technical corrections to Depart-ment of Defense Test Resource 
Management Center authority. Subtitle B—Organization and Management of Other Department of Defense Offices and Elements Sec. 921. Modification of certain responsibil-ities of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force concept develop-ment. Sec. 922. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-In-tensity Conflict review of United States Special Oper-ations Command. Sec. 923. Qualifications for appointment as Deputy Chief Management Offi-cer of a military department. Sec. 924. Expansion of principal duties of As-sistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition. Sec. 925. Cross-functional teams in the De-partment of Defense. Sec. 926. Deadline for completion of full im-plementation of requirements in connection with organization of the Department of Defense for management of special oper-ations forces and special oper-ations. Subtitle C—Organization and Management of the Department of Defense Generally Sec. 931. Limitation on availability of funds for major headquarters activi-ties of the Department of De-fense. Sec. 932. Responsibility for policy on civil-ian casualty matters. Sec. 933. Additional matters in connection with background and security investigations for Department of Defense personnel. Sec. 934. Program of expedited security clearances for mission-critical positions. Sec. 935. Information sharing program for positions of trust. Sec. 936. Report on clearance in person con-cept. Sec. 937. Strategic Defense Fellows Pro-gram. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 941. Analysis of Department of Defense business management and oper-ations datasets to promote sav-ings and efficiencies. Sec. 942. Research and development to ad-vance capabilities of the De-partment of Defense in data in-tegration and advanced ana-lytics in connection with per-sonnel security. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. Sec. 1002. Inclusion of funds for Air Force pass-through items in Defense- wide budget for the Department of Defense. Sec. 1003. Report on shift in requests for funds for Department of De-fense activities from funds for overseas contingency oper-ations to funds through the base budget. Sec. 1004. Ranking of auditability of finan-cial statements of the organiza-tions and elements of the De-partment of Defense. Sec. 1005. Transparency of accounting firms used to support Department of Defense audit. Subtitle B—Naval Vessels and Shipyards Sec. 1011. Date of listing of vessels as battle force ships in the Naval Vessel Register and other fleet inven-tory measures. Sec. 1012. Annual reports on examination of Navy vessels. Sec. 1013. Limitation on duration of home-porting of certain vessels in for-eign locations. Sec. 1014. Specific authorization require-ment for nuclear refueling of aircraft carriers. Sec. 1015. Dismantlement and disposal of nu-clear-powered aircraft carriers. Sec. 1016. National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1017. Limitation on use of funds for re-tirement of hospital ships. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3407 June 11, 2018 
Subtitle C—Counterterrorism Sec. 1021. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. Sec. 1022. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify fa-cilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1023. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to certain countries. Sec. 1024. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to close or relinquish con-trol of United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1025. Authority to transfer individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States temporarily for emergency or critical medical treatment. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations Sec. 1031. Strategic guidance documents within the Department of De-fense. Sec. 1032. Guidance on the electronic war-fare mission area and joint electromagnetic spectrum oper-ations. Sec. 1033. Limitation on use of funds for United States Special Oper-ations Command Global Mes-saging and Counter-Messaging platform. Sec. 1034. Sense of Congress on the basing of KC–46A aircraft outside the continental United States. Sec. 1035. Relinquishment of legislative ju-risdiction of criminal offenses committed by juveniles on military installations. Sec. 1036. Policy on response to juvenile-on- juvenile abuse committed on military installations. Subtitle E—Studies and Reports Sec. 1041. Report on highest-priority roles and missions of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces. Sec. 1042. Annual reports by the Armed Forces on Out-Year Uncon-strained Total Munitions Re-quirements and Out-Year in-ventory numbers. Sec. 1043. Comprehensive review of oper-ational and administrative chains-of-command and func-tions of the Department of the Navy. Sec. 1044. Military aviation readiness review in support of the National De-fense Strategy. Sec. 1045. Report on capabilities and capac-ities of Armored Brigade Com-bat Teams. Sec. 1046. Improvement of annual report on civilian casualties in connec-tion with United States mili-tary operations. Sec. 1047. Report on Department of Defense participation in Export Admin-istration Regulations license application review process. Sec. 1048. Automatic sunset for future statu-tory reporting requirements. Sec. 1049. Repeal of certain Department of Defense reporting requirements that otherwise terminate as of December 31, 2021. Sec. 1050. Report on potential improvements to certain military educational institutions of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1051. Recruiting costs of the Armed Forces. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1061. Authority to transfer funds for Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup. Sec. 1062. Improvement of database on emer-gency response capabilities. Sec. 1063. Acceptance and distribution by Department of Defense of as-sistance from certain nonprofit entities in support of missions of deployed United States per-sonnel around the world. Sec. 1064. United States policy with respect to freedom of navigation and overflight. Sec. 1065. Prohibition of funds for Chinese language instruction provided by a Confucius Institute. TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Subtitle A—Department of Defense Matters Sec. 1101. Inapplicability of certification of executive qualifications by qualification review boards of Office of Personnel Manage-ment for initial appointments to Senior Executive Service po-sitions in Department of De-fense. Sec. 1102. Direct hire authority for science and technology reinvention lab-oratories and Major Range and Test Facilities Base facilities for recent science, technology, engineering, and mathematics graduates of minority-serving institutions. Sec. 1103. Inclusion of Strategic Capabilities Office and Defense Innovation Unit Experimental of the De-partment of Defense in per-sonnel management authority to attract experts in science and engineering. Sec. 1104. Enhancement of flexible manage-ment authorities for Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1105. Inclusion of Office of Secretary of Defense among components of the Department of Defense cov-ered by direct hire authority for financial management ex-perts. Sec. 1106. Authority to employ civilian fac-ulty members at the Joint Spe-cial Operations University. Subtitle B—Government-Wide Matters Sec. 1121. Alcohol testing of civil service mariners of the Military Sealift Command assigned to vessels. Sec. 1122. Expedited hiring authority for col-lege graduates and post sec-ondary students. Sec. 1123. Increase in maximum amount of voluntary separation incentive pay authorized for civilian em-ployees. Sec. 1124. One-year extension of temporary authority to grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civil-ian personnel on official duty in a combat zone. Sec. 1125. One-year extension of authority to waive annual limitation on pre-mium pay and aggregate limi-tation on pay for Federal civil-ian employees working over-seas. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training Sec. 1201. Clarification of authority for use of advisors and trainers for training of personnel of foreign ministries with security mis-sions under defense institution capacity building authorities. Sec. 1202. Modification to Department of De-fense State Partnership Pro-gram. Sec. 1203. Expansion of Regional Defense Combating Terrorism Fellow-ship Program to include irreg-ular warfare. Sec. 1204. Extension and modification of au-thority to support border secu-rity operations of certain for-eign countries. Sec. 1205. Legal and policy review of advise, assist, and accompany mis-sions. Sec. 1206. Technical corrections relating to defense security cooperation statutory reorganization. Sec. 1207. Naval Small Craft Instruction and 
Technical Training School. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan Sec. 1211. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. Sec. 1212. Extension and modification of au-thority for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. Sec. 1213. Extension of authority to transfer defense articles and provide de-fense services to the military and security forces of Afghani-stan. Sec. 1214. Modification of reporting require-ments for special immigrant visas for Afghan allies program. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran Sec. 1221. Extension of authority to provide assistance to counter the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria. Sec. 1222. Extension and modification of au-thority to provide assistance to the vetted Syrian opposition. Sec. 1223. Extension and modification of au-thority to support operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. Sec. 1224. Syria Study Group. Sec. 1225. Modification of annual report on military power of Iran. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Europe and the Russian Federation Sec. 1231. Extension of limitation on mili-tary cooperation between the United States and the Russian Federation. Sec. 1232. Limitation on availability of funds relating to sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. Sec. 1233. Extension of Ukraine Security As-sistance Initiative. Sec. 1234. Sense of Senate on relocation of Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex. Sec. 1235. Sense of Senate on enhancing de-terrence against Russian ag-gression in Europe. Sec. 1236. Technical amendments related to NATO Support and Procure-ment Organization and related NATO agreements. Sec. 1237. Report on security cooperation be-tween the Russian Federation and Cuba, Nicaragua, and Ven-ezuela. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3408 June 11, 2018 
Sec. 1238. Sense of Senate on countering Russian malign influence. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Indo- Pacific Region Sec. 1241. Redesignation, expansion, and ex-tension of Southeast Asia Mari-time Security Initiative. Sec. 1242. Modification of annual report on military and security develop-ments involving the People’s Republic of China. Sec. 1243. Sense of Senate on Taiwan. Sec. 1244. Redesignation and modification of sense of Congress and initiative for the Indo-Asia-Pacific re-gion. Sec. 1245. Prohibition on participation of the People’s Republic of China in Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) naval exercises. Sec. 1246. Assessment of and report on geo-political conditions in the Indo- Pacific region. Sec. 1247. Sense of Senate on United States- India defense relationship. Sec. 1248. Sense of Senate on strategic im-portance of maintaining com-mitments under Compacts of Free Association. Sec. 1249. Sense of Senate on United States military forces on the Korean Peninsula. Subtitle F—Reports Sec. 1251. Report on military and coercive activities of the People’s Re-public of China in South China Sea. Sec. 1252. Report on terrorist use of human shields. Sec. 1253. Report on Arctic strategies. Sec. 1254. Report on permanent stationing of a United States Army brigade combat team in the Republic of Poland. Sec. 1255. Reports on nuclear capabilities of the Democratic People’s Repub-lic of Korea. Sec. 1256. Report on United States military training opportunities with al-lies and partners in the Indo- Pacific region. Subtitle G—Other Matters Sec. 1261. Modification of authorities relat-ing to acquisition and cross- servicing agreements. Sec. 1262. Extension of authority for trans-fer of amounts for Global En-gagement Center. Sec. 1263. Sense of Senate on purchase by Turkey of S–400 air defense sys-tem. Sec. 1264. Department of Defense support for stabilization activities in na-tional security interest of the United States. Sec. 1265. Enhancement of U.S.-Israel de-fense cooperation. Sec. 1266. Certifications regarding actions by Saudi Arabia in Yemen. Sec. 1267. Sense of Senate on support for G5 Sahel Joint Force countries. Sec. 1268. Sense of Congress on broadening and expanding strategic part-nerships and allies. Sec. 1269. Removal of Turkey from the F–35 program. Sec. 1270. Increase in minimum amount of obligations from the Special Defense Acquisition Fund for precision guided munitions. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION Sec. 1301. Specification of Cooperative Threat Reduction funds. Sec. 1302. Funding allocations. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. Sec. 1402. Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense. Sec. 1403. Drug Interdiction and Counter- Drug Activities, Defense-wide. Sec. 1404. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1405. Defense Health Program. Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile Sec. 1411. Consolidation of reporting re-quirements under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. Subtitle C—Armed Forces Retirement Home Sec. 1421. Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1422. Expansion of eligibility for resi-dence at the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home. Sec. 1423. Oversight of health care provided to residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1424. Modification of authority on ac-ceptance of gifts for the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1425. Relief for residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home im-pacted by increase in fees. Sec. 1426. Limitation on applicability of fee increase for residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 1431. Authority for transfer of funds to joint Department of Defense- Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstra-tion Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illi-nois. Sec. 1432. Economical and efficient oper-ation of working capital fund activities. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorizations of Appropriations Sec. 1501. Purpose. Sec. 1502. Overseas contingency operations. Sec. 1503. Procurement. Sec. 1504. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 1505. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1506. Military personnel. Sec. 1507. Working capital funds. Sec. 1508. Drug Interdiction and Counter- Drug Activities, Defense-wide. Sec. 1509. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1510. Defense Health Program. Subtitle B—Financial Matters Sec. 1521. Treatment as additional author-izations. Sec. 1522. Special transfer authority. Subtitle C—Other Matters 
Sec. 1531. Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities Sec. 1601. Modifications to Space Rapid Ca-pabilities Office. Sec. 1602. Space warfighting policy and re-view of space capabilities. Sec. 1603. Report on enhancements to the Global Positioning System Operational Control Segment. Sec. 1604. Streamline of commercial space launch operations. Sec. 1605. Reusable launch vehicles. Sec. 1606. Review of and report on activities of International Space Station. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-related Activities Sec. 1611. Framework on governance, mis-sion management, resourcing, and effective oversight of De-partment of Defense combat support agencies that are also elements of the intelligence community. Subtitle C—Cyberspace-related Matters PART I—CYBERSPACE GENERALLY  Sec. 1621. Policy of the United States on cyberspace, cybersecurity, cyber warfare, and cyber deter-rence. Sec. 1622. Affirming the authority of the Secretary of Defense to conduct military activities and oper-ations in cyberspace. Sec. 1623. Active defense and surveillance against Russian Federation at-tacks in cyberspace. Sec. 1624. Reorganization and consolidation of certain cyber provisions. Sec. 1625. Designation of official for matters relating to integrating cyberse-curity and industrial control systems within the Department of Defense. Sec. 1626. Assistance for small manufactur-ers in the defense industrial supply chain on matters relat-ing to cybersecurity. Sec. 1627. Modification of acquisition au-thority of the Commander of the United States Cyber Com-mand. Sec. 1628. Email and Internet website secu-rity and authentication. Sec. 1629. Matters pertaining to the Sharkseer cybersecurity pro-gram. Sec. 1630. Pilot program on modeling and simulation in support of mili-tary homeland defense oper-ations in connection with cyber attacks on critical infrastruc-ture. Sec. 1631. Security product integration framework. Sec. 1632. Report on enhancement of soft-ware security for critical sys-tems. Sec. 1633. Comply to connect and cybersecu-rity scorecard. Sec. 1634. Cyberspace Solarium Commission. Sec. 1635. Program to establish cyber insti-tutes at institutions of higher learning. Sec. 1636. Establishment of Cybersecurity for Defense Industrial Base Manufacturing Activity. PART II—M
ITIGATION OF RISKS POSED BY  P
ROVIDERS OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  W
ITH OBLIGATIONS TO FOREIGN GOVERN -
MENTS  Sec. 1637. Definitions. Sec. 1638. Identification of countries of con-cern regarding cybersecurity. Sec. 1639. Mitigation of risks to national se-curity posed by providers of in-formation technology products and services who have obliga-tions to foreign governments. Sec. 1640. Establishment of registry of dis-closures. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces Sec. 1641. Oversight and management of the command, control, and commu-nications system for the na-tional leadership of the United States. Sec. 1642. Modification to requirement for conventional long-range stand-off weapon. Sec. 1643. Exchange program for nuclear weapons program employees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3409 June 11, 2018 
Sec. 1644. Procurement authority for certain parts of intercontinental bal-listic missile fuzes. Sec. 1645. Plan to train officers in nuclear command, control, and commu-nications. Sec. 1646. Plan for alignment of acquisition of warhead life extension pro-grams and delivery vehicles for such warheads. Sec. 1647. Extension of annual report on plan for the nuclear weapons stock-pile, nuclear weapons complex, nuclear weapons delivery sys-tems, and nuclear weapons command and control system. Sec. 1648. Prohibition on use of funds for ac-tivities to modify United States aircraft to implement Open Skies Treaty. Sec. 1649. Sense of Senate on Nuclear Pos-ture Review. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs Sec. 1651. Extension of prohibition relating to missile defense information and systems. Sec. 1652. Multiyear procurement authority for Standard Missile–3 IB guid-ed missiles. Sec. 1653. Extension of requirement for re-ports on unfunded priorities of Missile Defense Agency. Sec. 1654. Iron Dome short-range rocket de-fense system and Israeli cooper-ative missile defense program co-development and co-produc-tion. Sec. 1655. Metrics for evaluating effective-ness of integrated Ballistic Mis-sile Defense System against operationally realistic ballistic missile attacks. Sec. 1656. Modification of requirement relat-ing to transition of ballistic missile defense programs to military departments. Sec. 1657. Sense of the Senate on accelera-tion of missile defense capabili-ties. Sec. 1658. Integrated air and missile defense for evolving theater missile threats. Sec. 1659. Acceleration of hypersonic missile defense program. Sec. 1660. Sense of the Senate on allied part-nerships for missile defense. Sec. 1660A. Sense of the Senate on results of tests carried out by Missile De-fense Agency. Sec. 1660B. Sense of the Senate on discrimi-nation for missile defense. Sec. 1660C. Development and deployment of persistent space-based sensor architecture. Sec. 1660D. Modification of requirement to develop a space-based ballistic missile intercept layer. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1661. Assessment of electronic warfare capabilities of Russia and China. Sec. 1662. Budget exhibit on support pro-vided to entities outside De-partment of Defense. Sec. 1663. Development of Electromagnetic Battle Management capability for joint electromagnetic oper-ations. TITLE XVII—COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES Sec. 1701. Short title. Sec. 1702. Sense of Congress. Sec. 1703. Definitions. Sec. 1704. Acceptance of written notices. Sec. 1705. Inclusion of partnership and side agreements in notice. Sec. 1706. Declarations for certain covered transactions. Sec. 1707. Stipulations regarding trans-actions. Sec. 1708. Authority for unilateral initiation of reviews. Sec. 1709. Timing for reviews and investiga-tions. Sec. 1710. Monitoring of non-notified and non-declared transactions. Sec. 1711. Submission of certifications to Congress. Sec. 1712. Analysis by Director of National Intelligence. Sec. 1713. Information sharing. Sec. 1714. Action by the President. Sec. 1715. Judicial review. Sec. 1716. Membership and staff of Com-mittee. Sec. 1717. Actions by the Committee to ad-dress national security risks. Sec. 1718. Modification of annual report and other reporting requirements. Sec. 1719. Certification of notices and infor-mation. Sec. 1720. Implementation plans. Sec. 1721. Assessment of need for additional resources for Committee. Sec. 1722. Funding. Sec. 1723. Centralization of certain Com-mittee functions. Sec. 1724. Conforming amendments. Sec. 1725. Requirements to identify and con-trol the export of emerging and foundational technologies. Sec. 1726. Export control enforcement au-thority. Sec. 1727. Prohibition on modification of civil penalties under export control and sanctions laws. Sec. 1728. Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security. Sec. 1729. Limitation on cancellation of des-ignation of Secretary of the Air Force as Department of Defense Executive Agent for a certain Defense Production Act pro-gram. Sec. 1730. Review of and report on certain defense technologies critical to the United States maintaining superior military capabilities. Sec. 1731. Briefing on information from transactions reviewed by Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States relating to foreign efforts to influence democratic institutions and processes. Sec. 1732. Effective date. Sec. 1733. Severability. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 2001. Short title. Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and amounts required to be speci-fied by law. Sec. 2003. Effective date. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Authorization of appropriations, Army. Sec. 2104. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. Sec. 2105. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2016 project. TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, Navy. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air Force. Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry out certain phased project au-thorized in fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017. Sec. 2306. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2017 project. Sec. 2307. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. Sec. 2308. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 projects. TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2401. Authorized defense agencies con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2402. Energy Resilience and Conserva-tion Investment Program. Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, defense agencies. Sec. 2404. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. Sec. 2405. Authorization of certain fiscal year 2018 project. TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, NATO. Subtitle B—Host Country In-kind Contributions Sec. 2511. Republic of Korea funded con-struction projects. TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisi-tion projects. Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Ma-rine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard construction and land acquisi-tion projects. Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, National Guard and Reserve. Subtitle B—Other Matters Sec. 2611. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2016 project. Sec. 2612. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. Sec. 2613. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 project. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and clo-sure activities funded through Department of Defense Base Closure Account. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3410 June 11, 2018 
Sec. 2702. Prohibition on conducting addi-tional base realignment and closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUC-TION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Changes Sec. 2801. Additional authority to obtain ar-chitectural and engineering services and construction de-sign for defense laboratory modernization pilot program. Sec. 2802. Modification of contract authority for acquisition, construction, or furnishing of test facilities and equipment. Sec. 2803. Extension of temporary, limited authority to use operation and maintenance funds for con-struction projects in certain areas outside the United States. Sec. 2804. Unspecified minor military con-struction projects related to re-vitalization and recapitaliza-tion of Defense Industrial Base Facilities. Sec. 2805. Congressional oversight of projects carried out pursuant to laws other than Military Con-struction Authorization Acts. Subtitle B—Project Management and Oversight Reforms Sec. 2811. Updates and modifications to De-partment of Defense Form 1391, Unified Facilities Criteria, and military installation master plans. Sec. 2812. Work in Process Curve charts and outlay tables for military con-struction projects. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances Sec. 2821. Land exchange, Air Force Plant 44, Tucson, Arizona. Sec. 2822. Land conveyance, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 2831. Commemoration of Freedman’s Village. Sec. 2832. Strategic plan to improve capa-bilities of Department of De-fense training ranges and in-stallations. Sec. 2833. Native American Indian lands en-vironmental mitigation pro-gram. Sec. 2834. Defense community infrastructure pilot program. Sec. 2835. Representation of installation in-terests in negotiations and pro-ceedings with carriers and other public utilities. Sec. 2836. White Sands Missile Range land enhancements. Sec. 2837. Authority to transfer funds for construction of Indian River Bridge. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2901. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2902. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2903. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2904. Authorized Defense Agencies con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2905. Authorization of appropriations. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZA-TIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs and Authorizations Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Admin-istration. Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 3111. Clarification of roles and authori-ties of National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration. Sec. 3112. National Nuclear Security Admin-istration Personnel System. Sec. 3113. Amendments to the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954. Sec. 3114. Extension of enhanced procure-ment authority to manage sup-ply chain risk. Sec. 3115. Pilot program on conduct by De-partment of Energy of back-ground reviews for access by certain individuals to national security laboratories. Sec. 3116. Extension of authority for accept-ance of contributions for accel-eration of removal or security of fissile materials, radiological materials, and related equip-ment at vulnerable sites world-wide. Sec. 3117. Modification of limitation on de-velopment of low-yield nuclear weapons. Sec. 3118. Prohibition on use of funds for ter-minating activities at MOX fa-cility. Subtitle C—Plans and Reports Sec. 3121. Modifications to cost-benefit anal-yses for competition of manage-ment and operating contracts. Sec. 3122. Review of defense environmental cleanup activities. Sec. 3123. Survey of workforce of national security laboratories and nu-clear weapons production facili-ties. Sec. 3124. Elimination of certain reports. Sec. 3125. Implementation of Nuclear Pos-ture Review by National Nu-clear Security Administration. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD Sec. 3201. Authorization. TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION Sec. 3501. Maritime Administration. Sec. 3502. Permanent authority of Secretary of Transportation to issue ves-sel war risk insurance. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in fund-ing tables. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
Sec. 4101. Procurement. Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contin-gency operations. TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contin-gency operations. TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for overseas contingency oper-ations. TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL Sec. 4401. Military personnel. Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 4601. Military construction. Sec. 4602. Military construction for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national se-curity programs. SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional de-fense committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF THIS ACT. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the purposes of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this Act, jointly submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairmen of the House and Senate Budget Committees, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on pas-sage in the House acting first on the con-ference report or amendment between the Houses. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide ac-tivities, as specified in the funding table in section 4101. Subtitle B—Army Programs 
SEC. 111. DEPLOYMENT BY THE ARMY OF AN IN-TERIM CRUISE MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITY. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION OF NEED.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall cer-tify to the congressional defense committees whether deployment of an interim, fixed site cruise missile defense capability is nec-essary. (b) D
EPLOYMENT REQUIRED .—The Army shall deploy an interim, fixed site cruise missile defense capability, in anticipation of delivery to the Army of the Indirect Fire Protection Capability (IFPC), by the dead-lines as follows: (1) Two batteries by not later than Sep-tember 30, 2020. (2) Two additional batteries by not later than September 30, 2023. (c) L
OCATIONS OF DEPLOYMENT .—In deploy-ing the interim capability pursuant to sub-section (b), the Secretary of Defense shall af-ford a priority in locations for deployment to air bases and significant fixed site locations in Europe and Asia for the purpose of the protection of such bases and locations against potential cruise missile threats. (d) A
CHIEVEMENT OF DEPLOYMENT DEAD-
LINES .—In order to meet the deadlines for de-ployment specified in subsection (b), the Army— (1) shall deploy systems that require the least amount of development; and (2) may use a combination of— (A) procurement of non-developmental air and missile defense systems currently in pro-duction to ensure rapid delivery of capa-bility; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3411 June 11, 2018 
(B) use of existing systems, components, and capabilities already in the Joint Force inventory, including rockets and missiles as available; (C) operational information technology for communication, detection, and fire control that is certified to work with existing joint information technology systems to ensure interoperability; (D) engagement and collaboration with science and technology, engineering, testing, and acquisition organization and activities in the Department of Defense, including the Defense Innovation United Experimental, the Director of Operational Test and Evalua-tion, the Defense Digital Service, the Stra-tegic Capabilities Office, and the Rapid Ca-pabilities offices, to accelerate the develop-ment, testing, and deployment of existing systems; and (E) institutional and operational basing to facilitate rapid training and fielding. (e) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by sec-tion 101 and available for the Army for pro-curement as specified in the funding table in section 4101, up to $500,000,000 may be avail-able for the deployment of the interim capa-bility required by subsection (b). Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
SEC. 121. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR F/A–18E/F SUPER HORNET AND EA–18G AIRCRAFT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of F/A– 18E/F Super Hornet and potential EA–18G aircraft. Notwithstanding subsection (k) of such section 2306b, the Secretary of Defense may enter into a multiyear contract under this section for up to three years. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCURE -
MENT .—The Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts for advance pro-curement associated with the F/A–18E/F Super Hornet and potential EA–18G aircraft, including economic order quantity, for which authorization to enter into a multiyear pro-curement contract is provided under sub-section (a). (c) C
OSTANALYSIS REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not exercise the authority pro-vided under subsection (a) or (b) until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees the report and confirmation required under subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 2306b(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 122. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR E–2D ADVANCED HAWKEYE (AHE) AIRCRAFT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of E–2D Advanced Hawkeye (AHE) aircraft. Notwith-standing subsection (k) of such section 2306b, the Secretary of Defense may enter into a multiyear contract under this section for up to five years. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec- retary may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associated with the E–2D AHE (including economic order quan-tity) for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a). (c) COSTANALYSIS REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not exercise the authority pro-vided under subsection (a) or (b) until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees the report and confirmation required under subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 2306b(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 123. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON USE OF SOLE-SOURCE SHIPBUILDING CON-TRACTS FOR CERTAIN VESSELS. 
Section 124 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), as amended by section 127 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘or fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘, fiscal year 2018, or fis-cal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 124. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR NAVY PORT WATER-BORNE SECURITY BARRIERS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided under subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2019 may be used for the procurement of new Navy port waterborne security barriers. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the prohibition under subsection (a) not less than 30 days after submitting to the congressional defense committees— (1) a Navy requirements document that specifies Key Performance Parameters and Key System Attributes for new Navy port waterborne security barriers; (2) a certification that the level of capa-bility specified under paragraph (1) will meet or exceed that of legacy Navy port water-borne security barriers; (3) the acquisition strategy for the recapi-talization of legacy Navy port waterborne se-curity barriers, which will meet or exceed the requirements specified under paragraph (1); and (4) a certification that any contract award or awards for new Navy port waterborne se-curity barriers will result from full and open competition to the maximum extent prac-ticable. 
SEC. 125. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR STANDARD MISSILE-6. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of up to 625 Standard Missile–6 guided missiles. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec- retary may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associated with the missiles (including economic order quantity) for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a). (c) C
OSTANALYSIS REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not exercise the authority pro-vided under subsection (a) or (b) until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees the report and confirmation required under subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 2306b(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (d) CONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 126. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR THE LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the amounts au-thorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Depart-ment of Defense for fiscal year 2019 may be used to exceed the total procurement quan-tity listed in revision five of the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strategy unless the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment submits to the congres-sional defense committees the certification described in subsection (b). (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification de-scribed in this subsection is a certification by the Under Secretary that awarding a con-tract for the procurement of a Littoral Com-bat Ship that exceeds the total procurement quantity listed in revision five of the Lit-toral Combat Ship acquisition strategy— (1) is in the national security interests of the United States; (2) will not result in exceeding the low-rate initial production quantity approved in the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strategy in effect as of the date of the certification; and (3) is necessary to maintain a full and open competition for the Guided Missile Frigate (FFG(X)) with a single source award in fiscal year 2020. (c) D
EFINITION .—The term ‘‘revision five of the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strat-egy’’ means the fifth revision of the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strategy approved by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-sition and Sustainment on March 26, 2018. 
SEC. 127. NUCLEAR REFUELING OF AIRCRAFT CARRIERS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION TOPROCURE NUCLEAR  R
EFUELING MATERIALS .—Pursuant to section 7314a of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 1014 of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy may procure naval nuclear reactor power units and associated reactor compo-nents for the following aircraft carriers: (1) U.S.S. John C. Stennis (CVN–74). (2) U.S.S. Harry S. Truman (CVN–75). (3) U.S.S. Ronald Reagan (CVN–76). (4) U.S.S. George H.W. Bush (CVN–77). (b) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR PAYMENTS .— Any contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to availability of appropria-tions for that purpose for that later fiscal year. 
SEC. 128. LIMITATION ON FUNDING FOR AMPHIB-IOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
Not more than 75 percent of the funds au-thorized by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for the Marine Corps for fiscal year 2019 for the Amphibious Assault Vehicle Product Improvement Program (AAV PIP) may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense committees— (1) the report required under subsection (b) of section 1041; or (2) the information required under para-graph (5) of such subsection. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 141. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF E–8 JSTARS AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS  
FOR RETIREMENT .—Except as provided by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3412 June 11, 2018 
subsection (d), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to re-tire, or prepare to retire, any E–8 Joint Sur-veillance Target Attack Radar System air-craft. (b) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON RETIRE -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the prohibi-tion in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, or prepare to re-tire, any E–8C aircraft until the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment submits to the congressional defense committees the certification de-scribed under paragraph (2). (2) R
EQUIRED CERTIFICATION .—The certifi-cation referred to in paragraph (1) is a cer-tification submitted by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment to the congressional defense committees that the Department of Defense’s plan for 21st Century Battle Management Command and Control, as briefed to the congressional defense committees in March 2018, is pro-gressing according to the schedule presented in March 2018. (c) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibitions in sub-sections (a) and (b) shall not apply to indi-vidual E–8 Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System aircraft that the Secretary of the Air Force determines, on a case-by-case basis, to be nonoperational because of mis-haps, other damage, or being uneconomical to repair. 
SEC. 142. B–52H AIRCRAFT SYSTEM MODERNIZA-TION REPORT. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the long term modernization of the B–52H air-craft, including an estimated timeline and requirements as an integrated aircraft sys-tem of— (1) electronic warfare and defensive sys-tems; (2) communications including secure jam resistant capability; (3) radar replacement; (4) engine replacement; (5) future weapons and targeting capa-bility; and (6) mission planning systems. 
SEC. 143. REPEAL OF FUNDING RESTRICTION FOR EC–130H COMPASS CALL RE-CAPITALIZATION PROGRAM AND RE-VIEW OF PROGRAM ACCELERATION OPPORTUNITIES. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 131 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2037) is re-pealed. (b) P
ERIODIC REPORTS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 30, 2018, June 30, 2019, and December 30, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a series of updated program status reports for the EC–130H Compass Call Recapitalization Program. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The reports required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a program status update describing progress in meeting current and future ac-quisition milestones; (B) a description of opportunities to accel-erate the program in fiscal years 2020 and 2021; (C) a description of long-lead items or other block buy components that could re-duce cost and lead to acceleration of the pro-gram; (D) funding requirements to carry out pro-gram acceleration in order to replace the legacy EC–130H fleet as rapidly as possible; and (E) a description of how the EC–130H Com-pass Call Recapitalization Program— (i) meets the requirements of combatant commanders; and (ii) is more operationally effective and sur-vivable than the existing EC–130H Compass Call aircraft platform. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters SEC. 151. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR C–130J AIRCRAFT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Air Force may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of C–130J aircraft and, acting as the executive agent for the Department of the Navy, for the pro-curement of C–130J aircraft. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec- retary of the Air Force may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associated with the C–130J aircraft, includ-ing economic order quantity, for which au-thorization to enter into a multiyear pro-curement contract is provided under sub-section (a). (c) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (d) T
REATMENT OF FISCAL YEAR 2018 A IR-
CRAFT .—The multiyear contract authority under subsection (a) includes C–130J aircraft for which funds were appropriated for fiscal year 2018. 
SEC. 152. QUARTERLY UPDATES ON THE F–35 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than October 1, 2018, and on a quarterly basis thereafter through October 1, 2024, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall provide to the congres-sional defense committees a briefing on the progress of the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each briefing under sub-section (a) shall include, with respect to the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program, the fol-lowing elements: (1) An overview of the program schedule. (2) A description of each contract awarded under the program, including a description of the type of contract and the status of the contract. (3) An assessment of the status of the pro-gram with respect to— (A) modernization; (B) modification; (C) testing; (D) delivery; (E) sustainment; and (F) program management. 
SEC. 153. AUTHORITY TO PROCURE ADDITIONAL POLAR-CLASS ICEBREAKERS. 
Section 122 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
ICE-
BREAKER VESSEL ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AUTHORIZA -
TION TO PROCURE UP TO SIX POLAR -CLASS ICE -
BREAKERS ’’; (2) by striking subsections (a) and (b); (3) by inserting before subsection (c) the following new subsection: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TOPROCURE ICE-
BREAKERS .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy, enter into a contract or contracts for the procurement of up to six polar-class ice-breakers, including— ‘‘(1) polar-class heavy icebreakers; and ‘‘(2) polar-class medium icebreakers.’’; (4) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; and (5) in paragraph (1) of subsection (b), as re-designated by paragraph (4) of this section, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4201. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 211. CODIFICATION AND REAUTHORIZATION OF DEFENSE RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT RAPID INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2359 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2359a. Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM ESTABLISHED .—(1) The Sec-retary of Defense shall establish a competi-tive, merit-based program to accelerate the fielding of technologies developed pursuant to phase II Small Business Innovation Re-search Program projects, technologies devel-oped by the defense laboratories, and other innovative technologies (including dual use technologies). ‘‘(2) The purpose of this program is to stimulate innovative technologies and re-duce acquisition or lifecycle costs, address technical risks, improve the timeliness and thoroughness of test and evaluation out-comes, and rapidly insert such products di-rectly in support of primarily major defense acquisition programs, but also other defense acquisition programs that meet critical na-tional security needs. ‘‘(b) G
UIDELINES .—The Secretary shall issue guidelines for the operation of the pro-gram. At a minimum such guidance shall provide for the following: ‘‘(1) The issuance of one or more broad agency announcements or the use of any other competitive or merit-based processes by the Department of Defense for candidate proposals in support of defense acquisition programs as described in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The review of candidate proposals by the Department of Defense and by each mili-tary department and the merit-based selec-tion of the most promising cost-effective proposals for funding through contracts, co-operative agreements, and other trans-actions for the purposes of carrying out the program. ‘‘(3) The total amount of funding provided to any project under the program from fund-ing provided under subsection (d) shall not exceed $3,000,000, unless the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, approves a larger amount of funding for the project. ‘‘(4) No project shall receive more than a total of two years of funding under the pro-gram from funding provided under sub-section (d), unless the Secretary, or the Sec-retary’s designee, approves funding for any additional year. ‘‘(5) Mechanisms to facilitate transition of follow-on or current projects carried out under the program into defense acquisition programs, through the use of the authorities of section 2302e of this title or such other au-thorities as may be appropriate to conduct 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3413 June 11, 2018 
further testing, low rate production, or full rate production of technologies developed under the program. ‘‘(6) Projects are selected using merit- based selection procedures and the selection of projects is not subject to undue influence by Congress or other Federal agencies. ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT PURSUANT TO CERTAIN  C
ONGRESSIONAL RULES .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be interpreted to require or enable any official of the Department of Defense to provide funding under this section to any earmark as defined pursuant to House Rule XXI, clause 9, or any congressionally di-rected spending item as defined pursuant to Senate Rule XLIV, paragraph 5. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .—Subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, the amounts authorized to be appropriated for research, development, test, and evaluation for a fiscal year may be used for such fiscal year for the program established under sub-section (a). ‘‘(e) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—(1) The Sec-retary may transfer funds available for the program to the research, development, test, and evaluation accounts of a military de-partment, defense agency, or the unified combatant command for special operations forces pursuant to a proposal, or any part of a proposal, that the Secretary determines would directly support the purposes of the program. ‘‘(2) The transfer authority provided in this subsection is in addition to any other trans-fer authority available to the Department of Defense.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2359 the following new item: ‘‘2359a. Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
EPEAL OF OLD PROVISION .—Section 1073 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note) is hereby re-pealed. (2) R
EPEAL OF OLD TABLE OF CONTENTS  
ITEM.—The table of contents in section 2(b) of such Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 1073. 
SEC. 212. PROCEDURES FOR RAPID REACTION TO EMERGING TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH PROCE -
DURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engi-neering shall prescribe procedures for the designation and development of technologies that are— (1) urgently needed— (A) to react to a technological develop-ment of an adversary of the United States; or (B) to respond to a significant and urgent emerging technology; and (2) not receiving appropriate research fund-ing or attention from the Department of De-fense. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The procedures prescribed under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A process for streamlined communica-tions between the the Under Secretary, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the commanders of the combatant commands, the science and tech-nology executives within each military de-partment, and the science and technology community, including— (A) a process for the commanders of the combatant commands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff to communicate their needs to the science and technology community; and (B) a process for the science and tech-nology community to propose technologies that meet the needs communicated by the combatant commands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (2) Procedures for the development of tech-nologies proposed pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), including— (A) a process for demonstrating perform-ance of the proposed technologies on a short timeline; (B) a process for developing a development strategy for a technology, including integra-tion into future budget years; and (C) a process for making investment deter-minations based on information obtained pursuant to subparagraphs (A) and (B). SEC. 213. ACTIVITIES ON IDENTIFICATION AND DEVELOPMENT OF ENHANCED PER-SONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT AGAINST BLAST INJURY. 
(a) A CTIVITIES REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During fiscal years 2019 and 2020, the Secretary of the Army shall carry out a set of activities to identify and develop personal equipment to provide en-hanced protection against injuries caused by blasts in combat and training. (2) A
CTION WITH DOTE .—The Secretary shall undertake all actions required of the Sec-retary under this section jointly with the Di-rector of Operational Test and Evaluation. (b) A
CTIVITIES .— (1) C
ONTINUOUS EVALUATION PROCESS .—For purposes of the activities required by sub-section (a), the Secretary shall establish a process to continuously solicit from govern-ment, industry, academia, and other appro-priate entities personal protective equip-ment that is ready for testing and evaluation in order to identify and evaluate equipment or clothing that is more effective in pro-tecting members of the Armed Forces from the harmful effects of blast injuries, includ-ing traumatic brain injuries, and would be suitable for expedited procurement and field-ing. (2) G
OALS .—The goals of the activities shall include: (A) Development of streamlined require-ments for procurement of personal protec-tive equipment. (B) Appropriate testing of personal protec-tive equipment prior to procurement and fielding. (C) Development of expedited mechanisms for deployment of effective personal protec-tive equipment. (D) Identification of areas of research in which increased investment has the poten-tial to improve the quality of personal pro-tective equipment and the capability of the industrial base to produce such equipment. (E) Such other goals as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (3) P
ARTNERSHIPS FOR CERTAIN ASSESS -
MENTS .—As part of the activities, the Sec-retary shall establish research partnerships with appropriate academic institutions for purposes of assessing the following: (A) The ability of various forms of personal protective equipment to protect against common blast injuries, including traumatic brain injuries. (B) The value of real-time data analytics to track the effectiveness of various forms of personal protective equipment to protect against common blast injuries, including traumatic brain injuries. (C) The availability of commercial-off the- shelf personal protective technology to pro-tect against traumatic brain injury resulting from blasts. (D) The extent to which the equipment de-termined through the assessment to be most effective to protect against common blast in-juries is readily modifiable for different body types and to provide lightweight material options to enhance maneuverability. (c) AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out activi-ties under subsection (a), the Secretary may use any authority as follows: (1) Experimental procurement authority under section 2373 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Other transactions authority under sec-tion 2371 and 2371b of title 10, United States Code. (3) Authority to award technology prizes under section 2374a of title 10, United States Code. (4) Authority under the Defense Acquisi-tion Challenge Program under section 2359b of title 10, United States Code. (5) Any other authority on acquisition, technology transfer, and personnel manage-ment that the Secretary considers appro-priate. (d) C
ERTAIN TREATMENT OF ACTIVITIES .— Any activities under this section shall be deemed to have been through the use of com-petitive procedures for the purposes of sec-tion 2304 of title 10, United States Code. (e) O
N-GOING ASSESSMENT FOLLOWING AC-
TIVITIES .—After the completion of activities under subsection (a), the Secretary shall, on an on-going basis, do the following: (1) Evaluate the extent to which personal protective equipment identified through the activities would— (A) enhance survivability of personnel from blasts in combat and training; and (B) enhance prevention of brain damage, and reduction of any resultant chronic brain dysfunction, from blasts in combat and training. (2) In the case of personal protective equip-ment so identified that would provide en-hancements as described in paragraph (1), es-timate the costs that would be incurred to procure such enhanced personal protective equipment, and develop a schedule for the procurement of such equipment. (3) Estimate the potential health care cost savings that would occur from expanded use of personal protective equipment described in paragraph (2). (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than Decem-ber 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the activities under subsection (a) as of the date of the report. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than Decem-ber 1, 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Congress referred to in para-graph (1) a report on the activities under this section, including the following: (A) The results of the evaluation under subsection (e)(1). (B) The estimate of costs and schedules under subsection (e)(2). (g) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense by section 201, up to $10,000,000 may be available to carry out this section. 
SEC. 214. HUMAN FACTORS MODELING AND SIM-ULATION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) A CTIVITIES REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Army shall develop and provide for the carrying out of human factors modeling and simulation activities designed to do the fol-lowing: (1) Provide warfighters and civilians with personalized assessment, education, and training tools. (2) Identify and implement effective ways to interface and team warfighters with ma-chines. (3) Result in the use of intelligent, adapt-ive augmentation to enhance decision mak-ing. (4) Result in the development of tech-niques, technologies, and practices to miti-gate critical stressors that impede 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3414 June 11, 2018 
warfighter and civilian protection, sustainment, and performance. (b) P
URPOSE .—The overall purpose of the activities shall be to accelerate research and development that enhances capabilities for human performance, human-systems inte-gration, and training for the warfighter. (c) P
ARTICIPANTS IN ACTIVITIES .—Partici- pants in the activities may include the fol-lowing: (1) Elements of the Department of Defense engaged in science and technology activities. (2) Program Executive Offices of the De-partment. (3) Academia. (4) The private sector. (5) Such other participants as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (d) E
XECUTION .—The Secretary shall carry out this section through the Army Futures Command, the Army Research Institute, or such other component of the Department of the Army as the Secretary considers appro-priate. 
SEC. 215. EXPANSION OF MISSION AREAS SUP-PORTED BY MECHANISMS FOR EXPE-DITED ACCESS TO TECHNICAL TAL-ENT AND EXPERTISE AT ACADEMIC INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 217(e) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (23) as para-graph (27); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (22) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(23) Space. ‘‘(24) Infrastructure resilience. ‘‘(25) Photonics. ‘‘(26) Autonomy.’’. 
SEC. 216. ADVANCED MANUFACTURING ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall jointly, in coordina-tion with Secretaries of the military depart-ments, establish not less than three activi-ties to demonstrate advanced manufacturing techniques and capabilities at depot-level ac-tivities or military arsenal facilities of the military departments. (b) P
URPOSES .—The activities established pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) support efforts to implement advanced manufacturing techniques and capabilities; (2) identify improvements to sustainment methods for component parts and other lo-gistics needs; (3) identify and implement appropriate in-formation security protections to ensure se-curity of advanced manufacturing; (4) aid in the procurement of advanced manufacturing equipment and support serv-ices; and (5) enhance partnerships between the de-fense industrial base and Department of De-fense laboratories, academic institutions, and industry. (c) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS AND PART-
NERSHIPS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretaries may enter into a cooperative agreement and use public-private and public-public partner-ships to facilitate development of advanced manufacturing techniques in support of the defense industrial base. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A cooperative agree-ment entered into under paragraph (1) and a partnership used under such paragraph shall facilitate— (A) development and implementation of advanced manufacturing techniques and ca-pabilities; (B) appropriate sharing of information in the adaptation of advanced manufacturing, including technical data rights; and (C) implementation of appropriate infor-mation security protections into advanced manufacturing tools and techniques. (d) AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Under Secretaries may use the fol-lowing authorities: (1) Section 2196 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the Manufacturing Engi-neering Education Program. (2) Section 2368 of such title, relating to centers for science, technology, and engi-neering partnership. (3) Section 2374a of such title, relating to prizes for advanced technology achieve-ments. (4) Section 2474 of such title, relating to centers of industrial and technical excel-lence. (5) Section 2521 of such title, relating to the Manufacturing Technology Program. (6) Section 12 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) and section 6305 of title 31, United States Code, relating to cooperative research and development agreements. (7) Such other authorities as the Under Secretaries considers appropriate. 
SEC. 217. NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION AC-TIVITIES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall establish activities to develop inter-action between the Department of Defense and the commercial technology industry and academia with regard to emerging hardware products and technologies with national se-curity applications. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The activities required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Informing and encouraging private in-vestment in specific hardware technologies of interest to future defense technology needs with unique national security applica-tions. (2) Funding research and technology devel-opment in critical hardware-based defense sectors, specifically microelectromechanical systems, processing components, micro-machinery, and materials science that pri-vate industry has not supported sufficiently to meet rapidly emerging national security needs. (3) Developing and executing policies and actions to deter strategic acquisition of in-dustrial and technical capabilities in the pri-vate sector by foreign entities that could po-tentially exclude companies from partici-pating in the Department of Defense tech-nology and industrial base. (4) Identifying promising emerging tech-nology in industry and academia for the De-partment of Defense for potential support or research and development cooperation. (c) T
RANSFER OF PERSONNEL AND RE-
SOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Under Secretary may transfer such per-sonnel, resources, and authorities as the Under Secretary considers appropriate to carry out the activities established under subsection (a) from other elements of the De-partment. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Under Secretary may only make a transfer of personnel, re-sources, or authorities under paragraph (1) upon certification by the Under Secretary that the activities established under para-graph (a) can attract sufficient private sec-tor investment, has personnel with sufficient technical and management expertise, and has identified relevant technologies and sys-tems for potential investment in order to carry out the activities established under subsection (a), independent of further gov-ernment funding beyond this authorization. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF NONPROFIT ENTITY .— The Under Secretary may establish or fund a nonprofit entity to carry out the program activities under subsection (a). (e) PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a detailed plan to carry out this section. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the additional authori-ties needed to carry out the activities set forth in subsection (b). (B) Plans for transfers under subsection (c), including plans for private fund-match-ing and investment mechanisms, oversight, treatment of rights relating to technical data developed, and relevant dates and goals of such transfers. (C) Plans for attracting the participation of the commercial technology industry and academia and how those plans fit into the current Department of Defense research and engineering enterprise. (f) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Under Secretary may use the fol-lowing authorities: (1) Section 1711 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), relating to a pilot program on strengthening manufacturing in the defense industrial base. (2) Section 1599g of title 10 of the United States Code, relating to public-private talent exchanges. (3) Section 2368 of such title, relating to Centers for Science, Technology, and Engi-neering Partnerships. (4) Section 2374a of such title, relating to prizes for advanced technology achieve-ments. (5) Section 2474 of such title, relating to Centers of Industrial and Technical Excel-lence. (6) Section 2521 of such title, relating to the Manufacturing Technology Program. (7) Subchapter VI of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, relating to assignments to and from States. (8) Chapter 47 of such title, relating to per-sonnel research programs and demonstration projects. (9) Section 12 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) and section 6305 of title 31, United States Code, relating to cooperative research and development agreements. (10) Such other authorities as the Under Secretary considers appropriate. (g) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense by section 201 and subject to the availability of appropriations, up to $150,000,000 may be available to carry out this section. 
SEC. 218. PARTNERSHIP INTERMEDIARIES FOR PROMOTION OF DEFENSE RE-SEARCH AND EDUCATION. 
Section 2368 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) U
SE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERMEDIARIES  
TOPROMOTE DEFENSE RESEARCH AND EDU-
CATION .—(1) Subject to the approval of the Secretary or the head of the another depart-ment or agency of the Federal Government concerned, the Director of a Center may enter into a contract, memorandum of un-derstanding or other transition with a part-nership intermediary that provides for the partnership intermediary to perform services for the Department of Defense that increase the likelihood of success in the conduct of cooperative or joint activities of the Center with industry or academic institutions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3415 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘partner-ship intermediary’ means an agency of a State or local government, or a nonprofit en-tity owned in whole or in part by, chartered by, funded in whole or in part by, or operated in whole or in part by or on behalf of a State or local government, that assists, counsels, advises, evaluates, or otherwise cooperates with industry or academic institutions that need or can make demonstrably productive use of technology-related assistance from a Center.’’. 
SEC. 219. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR SURFACE NAVY LASER WEAPON SYS-TEM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to exceed a procurement quantity of one Surface Navy Laser Weapon System, also known as the High Energy Laser and Integrated Optical- dazzler with Surveillance (HELIOS), per fis-cal year, unless the Secretary of the Navy submits to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on such system with the elements set forth in subsection (b). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The elements set forth in this subsection are, with respect to the sys-tem described in subsection (a), the fol-lowing: (1) A document setting forth the require-ments for the system, including desired per-formance characteristics. (2) An acquisition plan that includes the following: (A) A program schedule to accomplish de-sign completion, technology maturation, risk reduction, and other activities, includ-ing dates of key design reviews (such as Pre-liminary Design Review and Critical Design Review) and program initiation decision (such as Milestone B) if applicable. (B) A contracting strategy, including re-quests for proposals, the extent to which contracts will be competitively awarded, op-tion years, option quantities, option prices, and ceiling prices. (C) The fiscal years of procurement and de-livery for each engineering development model, prototype, or similar unit planned to be acquired. (D) A justification for the fiscal years of procurement and delivery for each engineer-ing development model, prototype, or simi-lar unit planned to be acquired. (3) A test plan and schedule sufficient to achieve operational effectiveness and oper-ational suitability determinations (such as Early Operational Capability and Initial Operational Capability) related to the re-quirements set forth in paragraph (1). (4) Associated funding and item quantities, disaggregated by fiscal year and appropria-tion, requested in the Fiscal Year 2019 Fu-ture Years Defense Program. (5) An estimate of the acquisition costs, in-cluding the total costs for procurement, re-search, development, test, and evaluation. 
SEC. 220. EXPANSION OF COORDINATION RE-QUIREMENT FOR SUPPORT FOR NA-TIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION AND ENTREPRENEURIAL EDUCATION. 
Section 225(e) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(16) The National Security Technology Accelerator.’’. 
SEC. 221. LIMITATION ON FUNDING FOR AMPHIB-IOUS COMBAT VEHICLE 1.2. 
None of the funds authorized by this Act or otherwise made available for the Marine Corps for fiscal year 2019 for the development of Amphibious Combat Vehicle 1.2 may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense committees— (1) the report required under subsection (b) of section 1041; or (2) the information required under para-graph (5) of such subsection. SEC. 222. DEFENSE QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense shall carry out a quantum information science and technology research and develop-ment program. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the pro-gram required by subsection (a) are as fol-lows: (1) To ensure global superiority of the United States in quantum information science necessary for meeting national secu-rity requirements. (2) To coordinate all quantum information science and technology research and develop-ment within the Department of Defense and to provide for interagency cooperation and collaboration on quantum information science and technology research and develop-ment between the Department of Defense and other departments and agencies of the United States and appropriate private sector entities that are involved in quantum infor-mation science and technology research and development. (3) To develop and manage a portfolio of fundamental and applied quantum informa-tion science and technology and engineering research initiatives that is stable, con-sistent, and balanced across scientific dis-ciplines. (4) To accelerate the transition and deploy-ment of technologies and concepts derived from quantum information science and tech-nology research and development into the Armed Forces, and to establish policies, pro-cedures, and standards for measuring the success of such efforts. (5) To collect, synthesize, and disseminate critical information on quantum informa-tion science and technology research and de-velopment. (6) To establish and support appropriate re-search, innovation, and industrial base, in-cluding facilities and infrastructure, to sup-port the needs of Department of Defense mis-sions and systems related to quantum infor-mation science and technology. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out the program required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall act through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, who shall supervise the planning, manage-ment, and coordination of the program. The Under Secretary, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments and the heads of participating Defense Agencies and other departments and agencies of the United States, shall— (1) prescribe a set of long-term challenges and a set of specific technical goals for the program, including— (A) optimization of analysis of national se-curity data sets; (B) design of new materials and molecular functions; (C) secure communications and cryptog-raphy; (D) quantum sensing and metrology; (E) development of mathematics to sup-port defense missions related to quantum- based encryption techniques; and (F) processing and manufacturing of low- cost, robust, and reliable quantum informa-tion science and technology-enabled devices and systems; (2) develop a coordinated and integrated research and investment plan for meeting the near-, mid-, and long-term challenges with definitive milestones while achieving the specific technical goals that builds upon the Department’s increased investment in quantum information science and tech-nology research and development, commer-cial sector and global investments, and other United States Government investments in the quantum sciences; (3) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, develop and con-tinuously update guidance, including classi-fication and data management plans for de-fense-related quantum information science and technology activities, and policies for control of personnel participating on such activities to minimize the effects of loss of intellectual property in basic and applied quantum science and information considered sensitive to the leadership of the United States in the field of quantum computing; and (4) develop memoranda of agreement, joint funding agreements, and other cooperative arrangements necessary for meeting the long-term challenges and achieving the spe-cific technical goals. (d) REPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2020, the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the program, in both classified and un-classified format. 
SEC. 223. JOINT DIRECTED ENERGY TEST ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) T ESTACTIVITIES .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall develop, establish, and coordinate di-rected energy testing activities adequate to ensure the achievement by the Department of Defense of goals of the Department for de-veloping and deploying directed energy sys-tems to match national security needs. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The activity established under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) The High Energy Laser System Test Fa-cility of the Army Test and Evaluation Com-mand. (2) Such other test resources and activities as the Under Secretary may designate for purposes of this section. (c) D
ESIGNATION .—The test activities estab-lished under subsection (a) shall be consid-ered part of the Major Range and Test Facil-ity Base (as defined in 196(i) of title 10, United States Code). (d) D
IRECTION AND CONTROL .—The conduct of testing activities under subsection (a) shall be subject to authority, direction, and control of the Under Secretary in the Under Secretary’s capacity as the official with principal responsibility for the development and demonstration of directed energy weap-ons for the Department pursuant to section 219(a)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2431 note). (e) P
RIORITIZATION OF EFFORT .—In devel- oping and coordinating testing activities pursuant to subsection (a), the Under Sec-retary shall prioritize efforts consistent with the following: (1) Paragraphs (2) through (5) of section 219(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2431 note). (2) Enabling the standardized collection and evaluation of testing data to establish testing references and benchmarks. (3) Concentrating sufficient personnel ex-pertise of directed energy weapon systems in order to validate the effectiveness of new weapon systems against a variety of targets. (4) Consolidating modern state-of-the-art testing infrastructure including telemetry, sensors, and optics to support advanced tech-nology testing and evaluation. (5) Formulating a joint lethality or vulner-ability information repository that can be accessed by any of the military departments of Defense Agencies, similar to a Joint Muni-tions Effectiveness Manuals (JMEMs). (6) Reducing duplication of directed energy weapon testing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3416 June 11, 2018 
(7) Ensuring that an adequate workforce and adequate testing facilities are main-tained to support missions of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
SEC. 224. REQUIREMENT FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF ARRANGEMENTS FOR EXPE-DITED ACCESS TO TECHNICAL TAL-ENT AND EXPERTISE AT ACADEMIC INSTITUTIONS TO SUPPORT DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE MISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a)(1) of sec-tion 217 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall’’. (b) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (f) of such sec-tion is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. 
SEC. 225. AUTHORITY FOR JOINT DIRECTED EN-ERGY TRANSITION OFFICE TO CON-DUCT RESEARCH RELATING TO HIGH POWERED MICROWAVE CAPA-BILITIES. 
Section 219(b)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘, including high-powered microwaves,’’ after ‘‘energy systems and technologies’’. 
SEC. 226. JOINT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE RE-SEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND TRAN-SITION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a set of activities within the Department of Defense to coordinate the ef-forts of the Department to develop, mature, and transition artificial intelligence tech-nologies into operational use. (2) E
MPHASIS .—The set of activities estab-lished under paragraph (1) shall apply artifi-cial intelligence and machine learning solu-tions to operational problems and coordinate activities involving artificial intelligence and artificial intelligence enabled capabili-ties within the Department. (b) D
ESIGNATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a senior official of the Department of Defense with principal responsibility for the coordi-nation of activities relating to the develop-ment and demonstration of artificial intel-ligence and machine learning for the Depart-ment. (c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the official des-ignated under subsection (b) shall include the following: (1) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .—Developing a detailed strategic plan to develop, mature, adopt, and transition artificial intelligence tech-nologies into operational use. Such plan shall include the following: (A) A strategic roadmap for the identifica-tion and coordination of the development and fielding of artificial intelligence tech-nologies and key enabling capabilities. (B) The continuous evaluation and adapta-tion of relevant artificial intelligence capa-bilities developed both inside the Depart-ment and in other organizations for military missions. (2) A
CCELERATION OF DEVELOPMENT AND  
FIELDING OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE .—To the degree practicable, the designated offi-cial shall— (A) use the flexibility of regulations, per-sonnel, or other relevant policies of the De-partment to accelerate the development and fielding of artificial intelligence capabilities; (B) ensure engagement with defense and private industries, research universities, and unaffiliated, nonprofit research institutions; (C) provide technical advice and support to entities in the Department of Defense and the military departments to optimize the use of artificial intelligence and machine learn-ing technologies to meet Department mis-sions; (D) support the development of require-ments for artificial intelligence capabilities that address the highest priority capability gaps of the Department and technical feasi-bility; (E) develop and support capabilities for technical analysis and assessment of threat capabilities based on artificial intelligence; (F) ensure that the Department has appro-priate workforce and capabilities at labora-tories, test ranges, and within the organic defense industrial base to support the artifi-cial intelligence capabilities and require-ments of the Department; (G) develop classification guidance for all artificial intelligence related activities of the Department; (H) work with appropriate officials to de-velop appropriate ethical, legal, and other policies for the Department governing the development and use of artificial intel-ligence enabled systems and technologies in operational situations; and (I) ensure— (i) that artificial intelligence programs of each military department and of the Defense Agencies are consistent with the priorities identified under this section; and (ii) appropriate coordination of artificial intelligence activities of the Department with interagency, industry, and inter-national efforts relating to artificial intel-ligence, including relevant participation in standards setting bodies. (d) ACCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Sec-retary of Defense shall ensure that the offi-cial designated under subsection (b) has ac-cess to such information on programs and activities of the military departments and other Defense Agencies as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to carry out the coordina-tion described in subsection (b) and the du-ties set forth in subsection (c). (e) S
TUDY ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TOP-
ICS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the official designated under subsection (b) shall— (A) complete a study on the future of arti-ficial intelligence in the context of the mis-sions of the Department; and (B) submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the designated official with respect to the study completed under subparagraph (A). (2) C
ONSULTATION WITH EXPERTS .—In con- ducting the study required by paragraph (1)(A), the designated official shall consult with experts within the Department, other Federal agencies, academia, and the com-mercial sector, as the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) E
LEMENTS .—The study required by para-graph (1)(A) shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive and national-level re-view of advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning, and associated tech-nologies relevant to the needs of the Depart-ment and the Armed Forces. (B) Near-term actionable recommendations to the Secretary, including ways to more ef-fectively organize the Department for artifi-cial intelligence and most effectively lever-age academic and commercial progress in these technologies. (C) Recommendations for engagement by the Department with relevant agencies that will be involved with artificial intelligence in the future. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 231. REPORT ON COMPARATIVE CAPABILI-TIES OF ADVERSARIES IN KEY TECH-NOLOGY AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that sets forth a direct comparison between the capabilities of the United States in emerging technology areas (such as hypersonics, artificial intel-ligence, quantum information science, and directed energy weapons) and the capabili-ties of adversaries of the United States in such areas. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include, for each technology covered by such report, the following: (1) An evaluation of spending by the United States and adversaries on such technology. (2) An evaluation of the quantity and qual-ity of research on such technology. (3) An evaluation of the test infrastructure and workforce supporting such technology. (4) An assessment of the technological progress of the United States and adversaries on such technology. (5) Descriptions of timelines for oper-ational deployment of such technology. (6) An assessment of the intent or willing-ness of adversaries to use such technology. (c) C
OORDINATION .—The Director shall pre-pare the report in coordination with other appropriate officials of the intelligence com-munity and with such other partners in the technology areas covered by the report as the Director considers appropriate. 
SEC. 232. REPORT ON ACTIVE PROTECTION SYS-TEMS FOR ARMORED COMBAT AND TACTICAL VEHICLES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on technologies related to active pro-tection systems (APS) for armored combat and tactical vehicles. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) With respect to the active protection systems that the Army has recently tested on the M1A2 Abrams, the M2A3 Bradley, and the STRYKER, the following: (A) An assessment of the effectiveness of such systems. (B) Plans of the Secretary to further test such systems. (C) Proposals for future development of such systems. (D) A timeline for fielding such systems. (2) Plans for how the Army will incor-porate active protection systems into new armored combat and tactical vehicle designs, such as Mobile Protection Firepower (MPF), Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicle (AMPV), and Next Generation Combat Vehicle (NGCV). 
SEC. 233. NEXT GENERATION COMBAT VEHICLE. 
(a) P ROTOTYPE .—The Secretary of the Army shall take appropriate actions to en-sure that the Tank Automotive, Research, Development, and Engineering Center (TARDEC) of the Army is provided the re-sources, including funds and acquisition au-thorities, necessary to build a prototype for the Next Generation Combat Vehicle (NGCV). (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the de-velopment of the Next Generation Combat Vehicle. (2) A
NALYSIS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include a thorough anal-ysis of the requirements of the Next Genera-tion Combat Vehicle. (B) R
ELEVANCE TO NATIONAL DEFENSE  
STRATEGY .—In carrying out subparagraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3417 June 11, 2018 
(A), the Secretary shall ensure that the re-quirements are relevant to the most recently published National Defense Strategy. (C) T
HREATS AND TERRAIN .—The Secretary shall ensure that the analysis includes con-sideration of threats and terrain. (D) C
OMPONENT TECHNOLOGIES .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that the analysis in-cludes consideration of the latest enabling component technologies that have the poten-tial to dramatically change basic combat ve-hicle design and improve lethality, protec-tion, mobility, range, and sustainment. (c) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by sec-tion 201 and available for research, develop-ment, testing, and evaluation, Army, for the Next Generation Combat Vehicle, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the Secretary submits the re-port required by subsection (b). 
SEC. 234. REPORT ON THE FUTURE OF THE DE-FENSE RESEARCH AND ENGINEER-ING ENTERPRISE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth recommendations on the future of the defense research and engineering en-terprise, including such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Under Secretary considers appropriate in light of the anticipated future of the defense research and engineering enterprise. (b) F
OCUS.—The recommendations under subsection (a) shall focus on enabling the success of the defense research and engineer-ing enterprise in the current environment of strategic competition. (c) D
EFENSE RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING  E
NTERPRISE .—For purposes of subsection (a), the defense research and engineering enter-prise shall consist of the following: (1) The science and technology elements of the military departments. (2) The Department of Defense laboratories (3) The test ranges and facilities of the De-partment. (4) The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). (5) The Defense Innovation Unit Experi-mental (DIU(x)). (6) The Strategic Capabilities Office of the Department. (7) The Small Business Innovation Re-search Program of the Department. (8) Such other elements, offices, programs, and activities of the Department as the Under Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the this section. (d) P
ARTICULAR RECOMMENDATIONS .—The recommendations under subsection (a) shall include recommendations on the following: (1) Portfolio management and coordination of research and development activities across the military departments and the de-fense research and engineering enterprise, including management and activities across the enterprise. (2) Workforce management, recruitment, retention, and shaping. (3) Facilities and research and test infra-structure. (4) Relationships with academia, the acqui-sition community, the operational commu-nity, and the commercial sector. (5) Governance. (e) C
OMPARISONS .—For purposes of making recommendations under subsection (a), the Under Secretary shall conduct a comparison of the defense research and engineering en-terprise of the United States, namely proc-esses, test infrastructure, and workforce, with the defense research and engineering enterprises of other countries and the pri-vate sector. (f) CONSULTATION AND COMMENTS .—In mak- ing recommendations under subsection (a), the Under Secretary shall consult with and seek comments from groups and entities rel-evant to the recommendations, such as the military departments, the combatant com-mands, the Defense Innovation Board, the Defense Science Board, the Defense Business Board, the federally funded research and de-velopment centers (FFRDCs), and commer-cial partners of the Department of Defense (including small business concerns). 
SEC. 235. MODIFICATION OF REPORTS ON MECH-ANISMS TO PROVIDE FUNDS TO DE-FENSE LABORATORIES FOR RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF TECHNOLOGIES FOR MILITARY MIS-SIONS. 
Subsection (c) of section 2363 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) R
ELEASE AND DISSEMINATION OF INFOR -
MATION ON CONTRIBUTIONS FROM USE OF AU-
THORITY TO MILITARY MISSIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
OLLECTION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish and maintain mecha-nisms for the continuous collection of infor-mation on achievements, best practices iden-tified, lessons learned, and challenges arising in the exercise of the authority in this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) R
ELEASE OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish and maintain mecha-nisms as follows: ‘‘(A) Mechanisms for the release to the public of information on achievements and best practices described in paragraph (1) in unclassified form. ‘‘(B) Mechanisms for dissemination to ap-propriate civilian and military officials of information on achievements and best prac-tices described in paragraph (1) in classified form.’’. 
SEC. 236. REPORT ON MOBILE PROTECTED FIRE-POWER AND FUTURE VERTICAL LIFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives a report on the requirements of the Army for Mobile Protected Firepower (MPF) and Future Vertical Lift (FVL). (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted pur-suant to subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) An explanation of how Mobile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift could survive against the effects of anti-armor and anti-aircraft networks established within anti-access, area-denial defenses. (2) An explanation of how Mobile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift would improve offensive overmatch against a peer adversary. (3) Details regarding the total number of Mobile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift systems needed by the Army. (4) An explanation of how these systems will be logistically supported within light formations. (5) Plans to integrate active protection systems into the designs of such systems. 
SEC. 237. IMPROVEMENT OF THE AIR FORCE SUP-PLY CHAIN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics may use funds described in subsection (b) as follows: (1) For nontraditional technologies and sustainment practices (such as additive man-ufacturing, artificial intelligence, predictive maintenance, nad other software-intensive and software-defined capabilities) to— (A) increase the availability of aircraft to the Air Force; and (B) decrease backlogs and lead times for the production of parts for such aircraft. (2) To advance the qualification, certifi-cation, and integration of additive manufac-turing into the Air Force supply chain. (3) To otherwise identify and reduce supply chain risk for the Air Force. (4) To define workforce development re-quirements and training for personnel who implement and support additive manufac-turing for the Air Force at the warfighter, end-item designer and equipment operator, and acquisition officer levels. (b) FUNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by sec-tion 201 for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Air Force and available for Tech Transition Program (Program Ele-ment (0604858F)), up to $42,800,000 may be available as described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 238. REVIEW OF GUIDANCE ON BLAST EXPO-SURE DURING TRAINING. 
(a) I NITIAL REVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall review the firing limits for heavy weapons during training exercises. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by subsection (a) shall take into account cur-rent data and evidence on the cognitive ef-fects of blast exposure and shall include con-sideration of the following: (1) The impact of exposure over multiple successive days of training. (2) The impact of multiple types of heavy weapons being fired in close succession. (3) The feasibility of cumulative annual or lifetime exposure limits. (4) The minimum safe distance for observ-ers and instructors. (c) U
PDATED TRAINING GUIDANCE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the com-pletion of the review under subsection (a), each Secretary of a military department shall update any relevant training guidance to account for the conclusions of the review. (d) U
PDATED REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once every two years after the initial review conducted under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense shall conduct an updated review under such subsection, including con-sideration of the matters set forth under subsection (b), and update training guidance under subsection (c). (2) C
ONSIDERATION OF NEW RESEARCH AND  
EVIDENCE .—Each updated review conducted under paragraph (1) shall take into account new research and evidence that has emerged since the previous review. (e) B
RIEFING REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on a summary of the re-sults of the initial review under subsection (a), each updated review conducted under subsection (d), and any updates to training guidance and procedures resulting from any such review or updated review. 
SEC. 239. LIST OF TECHNOLOGIES AND MANU-FACTURING CAPABILITIES CRITICAL TO ARMED FORCES. 
(a) L ISTREQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall develop a list of technologies and manufacturing capabilities critical to the Armed Forces. (b) P
RIMARY EMPHASIS .—In developing such list, primary emphasis shall be given to— (1) research, development, design, and manufacturing expertise; (2) research, development, design, and manufacturing equipment and unique facili-ties; (3) goods and services associated with or enabled by research, development, operation, application, manufacturing, or maintenance expertise, which are not possessed by coun-tries to which exports are controlled and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3418 June 11, 2018 
which, if exported or otherwise transferred, would permit a significant advance in the military capabilities of any such country; and (4) emerging technology areas supportive of military requirements and strategies. (c) S
PECIFICITY .—The shall ensure that the list required by subsection (a) is sufficiently specific to guide the recommendations of the Secretary in any interagency determinations on exercising export licensing, technology transfer, or foreign investment. (d) P
UBLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary shall publish the list required by subsection (a) and continuously update such list thereafter as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) F
ORM.—The list published under para-graph (1) shall be published in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 240. REPORT ON REQUIRING ACCESS TO DIGITAL TECHNICAL DATA IN FU-TURE ACQUISITIONS OF COMBAT, COMBAT SERVICE, AND COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEMS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of requiring access to dig-ital technical data in all future acquisitions by the Department of Defense of combat, combat service, and combat support systems, including front-end negotiations for such ac-cess. Such report shall include a digital data standard for technical data for use by equip-ment manufacturers and the Department with regard to three-dimensional printed parts. 
SEC. 241. COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION STRATEGY FOR BRADLEY FIGHTING VEHICLE TRANSMISSION REPLACEMENT. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Army shall develop a strategy to competi-tively procure a new transmission for the Bradley Fighting Vehicle family of vehicles. (b) A
DDITIONAL STRATEGY REQUIREMENTS .— The plan required by subsection (a) shall in-clude the following: (1) An analysis of the potential cost sav-ings and performance improvements associ-ated with developing or procuring a new transmission common to the Bradley Fight-ing Vehicle family of vehicles, including the Armored Multipurpose Vehicle and the Pal-adin Integrated Management artillery sys-tem. (2) A plan to use full and open competition to the maximum extent practicable. (c) T
IMELINE .—Not later than February 15, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strategy developed under subsection (a). (d) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act for Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army, may be obligated or ex-pended to procure a Bradley Fighting Vehi-cle replacement transmission until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Army submits to the con-gressional defense committees the plan re-quired by subsection (a). 
SEC. 242. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF ELEC-TRONIC WARFARE PLANS AND PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) A GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with the private scientific advisory group known as ‘‘JASON’’ to perform the services covered by this section. (2) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into the agreement described in para-graph (1) not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—Under an agreement between the Secretary and JASON under this section, JASON shall— (1) assess the strategies, programs, order of battle, and doctrine of the United States re-lated to the electronic warfare mission area and electromagnetic spectrum operations; (2) assess the strategies, programs, order of battle, and doctrine of potential adversaries, such as China, Iran, and the Russian Federa-tion, related to the same; (3) develop recommendations for improve-ments to the strategies, programs, and doc-trine of the United States in order to enable the United States to achieve and maintain superiority in the electromagnetic spectrum in future conflicts; and (4) develop recommendations for the Sec-retary, Congress, and such other Federal en-tities as JASON considers appropriate, in-cluding recommendations for— (A) closing technical, policy, or resource gaps; (B) improving cooperation and appropriate integration among Federal entities; (C) improving cooperation between the United States and other countries and inter-national organizations; and (D) such other important matters identi-fied by JASON that are directly relevant to the strategies of the United States described in paragraph (3). (c) LIAISONS .—The Secretary shall appoint appropriate liaisons to JASON to support the timely conduct of the services covered by this section. (d) M
ATERIALS .—The Secretary shall pro-vide access to JASON to materials relevant to the services covered by this section, con-sistent with the protection of sources and methods and other critically sensitive infor-mation. (e) C
LEARANCES .—The Secretary shall en-sure that appropriate members and staff of JASON have the necessary clearances, ob-tained in an expedited manner, to conduct the services covered by this section. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on— (1) the findings of JASON with respect to the assessments carried out under subsection (b); and (2) the recommendations developed by JASON pursuant to such subsection. (g) A
LTERNATE CONTRACT SCIENTIFIC ORGA-
NIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary is unable within the period prescribed in paragraph (2) of subsection (a) to enter into an agreement described in paragraph (1) of such subsection with JASON on terms acceptable to the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall seek to enter into such agreement with another appropriate scientific organization that— (A) is not part of the Government; and (B) has expertise and objectivity com-parable to that of JASON. (2) T
REATMENT .—If the Secretary enters into an agreement with another organization as described in paragraph (1), any reference in this section to JASON shall be treated as a reference to the other organization. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for oper-ation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4301. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
SEC. 311. FURTHER IMPROVEMENTS TO ENERGY SECURITY AND RESILIENCE. 
(a) E NERGY POLICY AUTHORITY .—Section 2911(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) establish metrics and standards for the assessment of energy resilience; ‘‘(2) require the Secretary of a military de-partment to perform mission assurance and readiness assessments of energy power sys-tems for mission critical assets and sup-porting infrastructure, applying uniform mission standards established by the Sec-retary of Defense;’’. (b) REPORTING ON ENERGY SECURITY AND  R
ESILIENCE GOALS .—Section 2911(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense shall include the energy security and resilience goals of the Department of Defense in the installa-tion energy report submitted under section 2925(a) of this title for fiscal year 2018 and every fiscal year thereafter. In the develop-ment of energy security and resilience goals, the Department of Defense shall conform with the definitions of energy security and resilience under this title. The report shall include the amount of critical energy load, together with the level of availability and reliability by fiscal year the Department of Defense deems necessary to achieve energy security and resilience.’’. (c) R
EPORTING ON INSTALLATIONS ENERGY  M
ANAGEMENT , ENERGY RESILIENCE , AND MIS-
SION ASSURANCE .—Section 2925(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, including progress on en-ergy resilience at military installations ac-cording to metrics developed by the Sec-retary’’ after ‘‘under section 2911 of this title’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the mis-sion requirements associated with disruption tolerances based on risk to mission’’ and in-serting ‘‘the downtimes (in minutes or hours) these missions can afford based on their mission requirements and risk toler-ances’’; (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing critical energy loads in megawatts and the associated downtime tolerances for crit-ical energy loads)’’ after ‘‘energy require-ments and critical energy requirements’’; (4) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (7); and (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) A list of energy resilience projects awarded by the Department of Defense by military department and military installa-tion, whether appropriated or alternative fi-nanced for the reporting fiscal year, includ-ing project description, award date, the crit-ical energy requirements serviced (including critical energy loads in megawatts), ex-pected reliability of the project (as indicated in the awarded contract), life cycle costs, savings to investment, fuel type, and the type of appropriation or alternative financ-ing used. ‘‘(6) A list of energy resilience projects planned by the Department of Defense by military department and military installa-tion, whether appropriated or alternative fi-nanced for the next two fiscal years, includ-ing project description, fuel type, expected award date, and the type of appropriation or alternative financing expected for use.’’. (d) I
NCLUSION OF ENERGY SECURITY AND RE-
SILIENCE AS PRIORITIES IN CONTRACTS FOR EN-
ERGY OR FUEL FOR MILITARY INSTALLA -
TIONS .—Section 2922a(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) The Secretary concerned shall ensure energy security and resilience are prioritized and included in the provision and operation of energy production facilities under this section.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3419 June 11, 2018 
(e) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORITY FOR UTILITY  S
YSTEMS .—Section 2688 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of a military department’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary of Defense, or the Secretary of a military department designated by the Secretary,’’; (2) in subsection (d)(2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The business case anal-ysis must also demonstrate how a privatized system will operate in a manner consistent with subsection (g)(3).’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary concerned may require’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall require’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘consistent with energy re-silience requirements and metrics’’ and in-serting ‘‘consistent with energy resilience and cybersecurity requirements and associ-ated metrics’’. (f) M
ODIFICATION OF ENERGY RESILIENCE  D
EFINITION .—Section 101(e)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘task critical assets and other’’. (g) A
UTHORITY TOACCEPT ENERGY PER-
FORMANCE FINANCIAL INCENTIVES FROMSTATE  
ANDLOCAL GOVERNMENTS .—Section 2913(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘a State or local government’’ after ‘‘generally available from’’. (h) T
REATMENT OF ENERGY DEMAND RE-
SPONSE FINANCIAL INCENTIVES .—Paragraph (2) of section 2919(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) credited to an appropriation des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense, sub-mitted in the annual President’s budget re-quest, merged with the appropriation to which credited, and available for energy se-curity or energy resilience projects.’’. (i) U
SE OF ENERGY COSTSAVINGS TOIMPLE -
MENT ENERGY RESILIENCE AND ENERGY CON-
SERVATION CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS .—Section 2912(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, including energy re-silience and energy conservation construc-tion projects,’’ after ‘‘energy security meas-ures’’. (j) A
DDITIONAL BASIS FOR PRESERVATION OF  P
ROPERTY IN THE VICINITY OF MILITARY IN-
STALLATIONS IN AGREEMENTS WITHNON-FED-
ERAL ENTITIES ON USE OF SUCHPROPERTY .— Section 2684a(a)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B)(i)’’; and (2) by adding at the end of the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) maintains or improves military in-stallation resilience; or’’. 
SEC. 312. FUNDING OF STUDY AND ASSESSMENT OF HEALTH IMPLICATIONS OF PER- AND POLYFLUOROALKYL SUB-STANCES CONTAMINATION IN DRINKING WATER BY AGENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE REGISTRY. 
Paragraph (2) of section 316(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—The study and as-sessment performed pursuant to this section may be paid for using funds authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-Wide’. ‘‘(B) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—(i) Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018, not more than $10,000,000 shall be trans-ferred by the Secretary of Defense, without regard to section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to pay for the study and as-sessment required by this section. ‘‘(ii) Without regard to section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of De-fense may transfer not more than $10,000,000 a year during fiscal years 2019 and 2020 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to pay for the study and assessment required by this section. ‘‘(C) EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY .—Amounts transferred to the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall be used to carry out the study and assessment under this section through contracts, cooperative agreements, or grants. In addition, such funds may be transferred by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to other accounts of the De-partment for the purposes of carrying out this section. ‘‘(D) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER TRANSFER AU -
THORITIES .—The transfer authority provided under this paragraph is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the De-partment of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 313. MILITARY MISSION SUSTAINMENT SITING CLEARINGHOUSE. 
(a) C HANGE IN NAME OF CLEARINGHOUSE .— Section 183a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘Military Aviation and Installation Assurance Clearinghouse for review of mission obstruc-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘Military Mission Sustainment Siting Clearinghouse for review of energy projects’’; and (2) in paragraph (1) of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Military Aviation and Installation Assurance Siting Clearinghouse’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Military Mission Sustainment Siting Clearinghouse’’. (b) R
ESPONSIBLE OFFICIAL .—Subsection (a) of such section is further amended, in para-graph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘control of an As-sistant Secretary of Defense designated by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘control of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment’’. (c) F
UNCTIONS .—Subsection (b) of such sec-tion is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Clearinghouse shall coordinate Department of Defense consideration of and response to requests for reviews received from other Federal agencies, State govern-ments, Indian tribal governments, local gov-ernments, landowners, and developers of en-ergy projects.’’. (d) R
EVIEW OF PROPOSED ACTIONS .—Sub- section (c) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding any potential negative impacts on pilot safety and training’’ after ‘‘military op-erations and readiness’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding any potential negative impacts on pilot safety and training,’’ after ‘‘risks to na-tional security’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and the relevant local military installation’’ after ‘‘notice to the governor of the State’’. (e) I
DENTIFICATION OF ACTIONS TOMITIGATE  A
LLADVERSE IMPACTS .—Subsection (d)(2)(F) is amended by inserting ‘‘all’’ before ‘‘ad-verse impacts of projects filed’’. (f) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FINDING OF  U
NACCEPTABLE RISK.—Subsection (e)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding unacceptable risk to pilot safety and unacceptable loss of training days’’ after ‘‘risk to the national security of the United States’’. (g) D
EFINITION OF ADVERSE IMPACT ON MILI-
TARY OPERATIONS AND READINESS .—Sub-section (h)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘pilot safety,’’ after ‘‘including flight operations,’’. (h) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 183a and in-serting the following: ‘‘183a. Military Mission Sustainment Siting Clearinghouse for review of en-ergy projects.’’. 
SEC. 314. OPERATIONAL ENERGY POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2926 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) as subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), re-spectively; (2) by inserting before subsection (c), as re-designated by paragraph (1), the following new subsections: ‘‘(a) O
PERATIONAL ENERGY POLICY .—In car- rying out section 2911(a) of this title, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure the types, availability, and use of operational energy promote the readiness of the armed forces for their military missions. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITIES .—The Secretary of De-fense may— ‘‘(1) require the Secretary of a military de-partment or the commander of a combatant command to assess the energy supportability of systems, capabilities, and plans; ‘‘(2) authorize the use of energy security, cost of backup power, and energy resilience as factors in the cost-benefit analysis for procurement of operational equipment; and ‘‘(3) in selecting equipment that will use operational energy, give favorable consider-ation to the acquisition of equipment that enhances energy security, energy resilience, energy conservation, and reduces logistical vulnerabilities.’’; and (3) in subsection (c), as redesignated by subparagraph (A)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
LTERNATIVE FUELACTIVITIES ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘F
UNCTIONS OF THE ASSISTANT SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ENERGY , INSTALLA -
TIONS , ANDENVIRONMENT ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘heads of the military de-partments and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering’’ and inserting ‘‘heads of the appropriate Depart-ment of Defense components’’; (C) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘lead the alternative fuels activities’’ and inserting ‘‘oversee the operational energy activities’’; (D) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘regarding the development of alternative fuels by the military departments and the Office of the Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘regard-ing the policies and investments that affect the use of operational energy across the De-partment of Defense’’; (E) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘prescribe policy to streamline the investments in al-ternative fuel activities across the Depart-ment of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘recommend to the Secretary policy to improve warfighting capability through energy secu-rity and energy resilience’’; and (F) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-section (c)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)(4)’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 2925(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2926(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2926(d)’’. (2) Section 1061(c)(55) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2926(c)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2926(e)(4)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3420 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 315. FUNDING TREATMENT OF PERFLUOROOCTANE SULFONIC ACID AND PERFLUOROOCTANOIC ACID AT STATE-OWNED AND OPER-ATED NATIONAL GUARD INSTALLA-TIONS. 
(a) A SSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-retary concerned may provide for the treat-ment of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in drinking water from wells owned and operated by a local water authority undertaken to attain the lifetime health advisory level for such acids in drinking water. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary concerned may only provide for the treatment of drinking water pursuant to subsection (a) if— (1) the local water authority has requested such treatment from the Secretary during the fiscal year when the treatment is pro-vided; (2) the elevated levels of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in the drinking water are the result of activi-ties conducted by or paid for by the Depart-ment of the Army or the Department of the Air Force at a State-owned National Guard installation; (3) such treatment takes place only during the fiscal year in which the request was made; (4) the local water authority waives all claims against the United States and the Na-tional Guard for treatment expenses in-curred before the fiscal year during which the treatment is taking place; and (5) the cost of any treatment provided pur-suant to subsection (a) does not exceed the actual cost of the treatment attributable to the activities conducted by or paid for by the Department of the Army or the Department of the Air Force, as the case may be. (c) E
XISTING AGREEMENTS .—Treatment of drinking water pursuant to subsection (a) may be provided without regard to existing contractual provisions in agreements be-tween the Department of the Army, the De-partment of the Air Force, or the National Guard Bureau, as the case may be, and the State in which the base is located relating to environmental response actions or indem-nification. (d) A
UTHORITY TOENTER INTO AGREE -
MENTS .—The Secretary concerned may enter into such grants, cooperative agreements, or contracts with a local water authority as may be necessary to implement this section. (e) U
SE OF DSMOA.—Using up to $45,000,000 of the funds authorized to be appropriated by section 301 for operation and maintenance, the Secretary concerned may pay, utilizing an existing Defense-State Memorandum of Agreement, costs that would otherwise be el-igible for payment under that agreement. (f) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2021. (g) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—Notwith- standing paragraphs (1), (3), (4) of subsection (b), the Secretary concerned may reimburse a local water authority or a State for the treatment of drinking water pursuant to this section if— (1) the local water authority or state re-quested such a payment from the National Guard Bureau prior to March 1, 2018, or the National Guard Bureau was aware of a treat-ment plan by the local water authority or state prior to that date; and (2) the local water authority or the State, as the case may be, waives all claims against the United States and the National Guard for treatment expenses incurred before January 1, 2018. (h) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR RESPONSE AC -
TIONS .—Section 2701(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or pol-lutants or contaminants’’ after ‘‘releases of hazardous substances’’. (2) DEFINITION OF FACILITY .—Section 2700(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The terms ‘environment’, ‘facility’,’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) The terms ‘en-vironment’,’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) The term ‘facility’— ‘‘(i) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 101 of CERCLA (42 U.S.C. 9601); and ‘‘(ii) includes real property which is owned by, leased, to, or otherwise possessed by the United States at locations conducting mili-tary activities under the authority of either this title or title 32.’’. (i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) L
IFETIME HEALTH ADVISORY .—The term ‘‘lifetime health advisory’’ means the United States Environmental Protection Agency Lifetime Health Advisory for the presence of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in drinking water. (2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means the Secretary of the Army or the Secretary of the Air Force. (3) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means any of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands. (4) S
TATE -OWNED NATIONAL GUARD INSTAL -
LATION .—The term ‘‘State-owned National Guard installation’’ means a facility or site owned or operated by a State when such fa-cility or site is used for training the Na-tional Guard pursuant to chapter 5 of title 32, United States Code, with funds provided by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of a military department, even though the Department of Defense is not the owner or operator of such facility or site. Subtitle C—Reports 
SEC. 321. REPORTS ON READINESS. 
(a) U NIFORM APPLICABILITY OF READINESS  R
EPORTING SYSTEM .—Subsection (b) of sec-tion 117 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and maintaining’’ after ‘‘establishing’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘reporting system is applied uniformly throughout the Department of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘re-porting system and associated policies are applied uniformly throughout the Depart-ment of Defense, including between and among the joint staff and each of the armed forces’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) that is the single authoritative readi-ness reporting system for the Department, and that there shall be no military service specific systems; ‘‘(3) that readiness assessments are accom-plished at an organizational level at, or below, the level at which forces are em-ployed; ‘‘(4) that the reporting system include re-sources information, force posture, and mis-sion centric capability assessments, as well as predicted changes to these attributes;’’; and (5) in paragraph (5), as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘, or element of a unit,’’ after ‘‘readiness status of a unit’’. (b) C
APABILITIES OF READINESS REPORTING  S
YSTEM .—Such section is further amended in subsection (c)— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Measure, on a monthly basis, the capability of units’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure the readiness of units’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘conduct their assigned wartime missions’’ and inserting ‘‘conduct their designed and assigned missions’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Measure, on an annual basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘wartime missions’’ and in-serting ‘‘designed and assigned missions’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Measure, on an annual basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘wartime missions’’ and in-serting ‘‘designed and assigned missions’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Measure, on a monthly basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Meas-ure’’; (5) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘Measure, on an annual basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Meas-ure’’; (6) by striking paragraphs (6) and (8) and redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (6); and (7) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Measure, on a quarterly basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’. (c) SEMI-ANNUAL AND MONTHLY JOINT READ-
INESS REVIEWS .—Such section is further amended in subsection (d)(1)(A) by inserting ‘‘, which includes a validation of readiness data currency and accuracy’’ after ‘‘joint readiness review’’. (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORT ON CHANGE IN CUR-
RENT STATE OF UNITREADINESS .—Such sec-tion is further amended— (1) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘S
UBMIS -
SION TO CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES ’’ and in- serting ‘‘Q
UARTERLY REPORT ON JOINT READI-
NESS’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (h); and (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) Q
UARTERLY REPORT ON MONTHLY  C
HANGES IN CURRENT STATE OF READINESS OF  U
NITS.—The Secretary shall each quarter submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on each monthly upgrade or downgrade of the current state of readiness of a unit that was issued by the commander of a unit during the previous quarter, to-gether with the rationale of the commander for the issuance of such upgrade or down-grade.’’. (e) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS ON OPER-
ATIONAL CONTRACT SUPPORT .—Such section is further amended by inserting after sub-section (f), as added by subsection (d) of this section, the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT ON OPERATIONAL CON-
TRACT SUPPORT .—The Secretary shall each year submit to the congressional defense committees a report in writing containing the results of the most recent annual meas-urement of the capability of operational con-tract support to support current and antici-pated wartime missions of the armed forces. Each such report shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex.’’. (f) R
EGULATIONS .—Such section is further amended in subsection (h), as redesignated by subsection (d) of this section, by striking ‘‘prescribe the units that are subject to re-porting in the readiness reporting system, what type of equipment is subject to such re-porting’’ and inserting ‘‘prescribe the estab-lished information technology system for Department of Defense reporting, specifi-cally authorize exceptions to a single-system architecture, and identify the organizations, units, and entities that are subject to report-ing in the readiness reporting system, what organization resources are subject to such reporting’’. (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—Such section is fur-ther amended in the section heading by striking ‘‘: establishment; reporting to con-gressional committees’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3421 June 11, 2018 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 2 is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 117 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘117. Readiness reporting system.’’. 
SEC. 322. REPORT ON COLD WEATHER CAPABILI-TIES AND READINESS OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the current cold weather capabilities and readiness of the United States Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of current cold weather capabilities and training to support United States military operations in cold climates across the joint force. (2) A description of anticipated require-ments for United States military operations in cold and extreme cold weather in the Arc-tic, Northeast Asia, and Northern and East-ern Europe. (3) A description of the current cold weath-er readiness of the joint force, the ability to increase cold weather training across the joint force, and any equipment, infrastruc-ture, personnel, or resource limitations or gaps that may exist. (4) An analysis of potential opportunities to expand cold weather training for the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, and the Ma-rine Corps and the resources or infrastruc-ture required for such expansion. (5) An analysis of potential cold weather amphibious landing locations, including the potential for a combined arms live fire exer-cise. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 331. PILOT PROGRAMS ON INTEGRATION OF MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT AND CIVIL AFFAIRS ACTIVITIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAMS AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The commander of any ge-ographic combatant command designated by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section, and the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command if so designated, may carry out one or more pilot programs designed to assess the feasability and advisability of integrating military in-formation support and civil affairs in sup-port of the theater campaign plans of such combatant command. (2) C
ONCURRENCE OF CHIEFS OF MISSION .— Activities under a pilot program under this section may be carried out in a country only with the concurrence of the Chief of Mission for that country. (b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BOTH MILITARY IN-
FORMATION SUPPORT AND CIVIL AFFAIRS CA-
PABILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), each pilot program under this section shall include both a mili-tary information support capability and a civil affairs capability. (2) N
O MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT CA -
PABILITY .—A pilot program may be carried out in a region or country in which no mili-tary information support capability is de-ployed if the program is complemented by a Department of State public diplomacy effort that contributes to the fulfillment of the ob-jectives of the commander of the combatant command concerned to convey information to foreign audiences in the region or county to influence their emotions, motives, objec-tive reasoning, and behavior in support of the applicable theater campaign plan. (3) N
O CIVIL AFFAIRS CAPABILITY .—A pilot program may be carried out in a region or country in which no civil affairs capability is deployed if the program is complemented by an effort of the Department of State or the United States Agency for International De-velopment to contribute to the fulfillment of the objectives of the commander of the com-batant command concerned to reestablish or maintain stability within the region or coun-try in support of the applicable theater cam-paign plan. (4) PLAN.—In the event a pilot program will be carried out pursuant to paragraph (2) or (3), planning for the pilot program shall include an explanation of concept, budget, timeline, and metrics for measuring the ef-fectiveness of activities of the Department of State or United States Agency for Inter-national Development, as applicable, under the pilot program. (c) D
URATION .—The authority to carry out pilot programs under this section shall cease on September 30, 2023. (d) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the last day of each of fiscal year 2019 through 2023, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the pilot programs carried out under this section during the preceding fiscal year. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under this sub-section shall include, for the fiscal year cov-ered by such report, the following: (A) A list of all pilot programs carried out, set forth by combatant command. (B) A list of all pilot programs commenced, set forth by combatant command. (C) The amount of funds provided for each pilot program carried out. (D) The objectives of each pilot program carried out, and the metrics used or to be used to measure the effectiveness of such pilot program. (E) A description of the manner in which each pilot program carried out supports the applicable theater campaign plan of the com-manders of the combatant command con-cerned. (F) If a pilot program was concluded, an as-sessment of the value of the program, a de-scription and assessment of lessons learned through the program, and any recommenda-tions the Secretary considers appropriate for follow-on efforts in connection with the pro-gram. (e) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts author-ized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance and available for the combatant commands, an aggregate of $20,000,000 may be used in each such fiscal year by each such combatant command for pilot programs under this sec-tion. (2) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT FOR PARTICULAR  
PROGRAMS .—The amount expended on any particular pilot program may not exceed $2,000,000. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
IVIL AFFAIRS .—The term ‘‘civil affairs’’ means activities intended to establish, main-tain, influence, or exploit relations between military forces, indigenous populations, and institutions by directly supporting the at-tainment of objectives relating to the rees-tablishment or maintenance of stability within a region or country. (2) M
ILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT .—The term ‘‘military information support’’ means operations to convey selected information and indicators to foreign audiences to influ-ence their emotions, motives, objective rea-soning, and ultimately the behavior of for-eign governments, organizations, groups, and individuals in a manner favorable to the ob-jectives of those planning such operations. (3) T
HEATER CAMPAIGN PLAN .—The term ‘‘theater campaign plan’’ means a plan de-veloped by a combatant command for the steady-state activities of the command, in-cluding operations, security cooperation, and other activities designed to achieve strategic end states in the theater. SEC. 332. REPORTING ON FUTURE YEARS BUDG-ETING BY SUBACTIVITY GROUP. 
Along with the budget for each fiscal year submitted by the President pursuant to sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments shall include in the OP-5 Justification Books as detailed by Department of Defense Financial Manage-ment Regulation 7000.14-R the amount for each individual subactivity group (SAG) as detailed in the Department’s future years de-fense program pursuant to section 221 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 333. RESTRICTION ON UPGRADES TO AVIA-TION DEMONSTRATION TEAM AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided under subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense may not upgrade the type, model, or series of air-craft used by a military service for its fixed wing aviation demonstration teams, includ-ing Blue Angel and Thunderbird aircraft, until the service’s active and reserve duty squadrons and weapon training schools have replaced 100 percent of the existing type, model, and series of aircraft. (b) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may, upon written notice to the con-gressional defense committees, waive the prohibition under subsection (a) for the pur-pose of carrying out upgrades to the type, model, or series of the aircraft described under such subsection that are necessary to ensure the safety of pilots. 
SEC. 334. U.S. SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND CIVILIAN PERSONNEL. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide for U.S. Special Operations Command civilian personnel, not less than $6,200,000 shall be used to fund the detail of civilian personnel to the office of the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense for Special Oper-ations and Low-Intensity Conflict to support the Secretariat for Special Operations. 
SEC. 335. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR SERVICE-SPECIFIC DE-FENSE READINESS REPORTING SYS-TEMS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for operation and maintenance, research, development, test, and evaluation, or procurement, and avail-able to operate service specific Defense Readiness Reporting Systems (DRRS) may be made available for such purpose except for required maintenance and in order to fa-cilitate the transition to DRRS-Strategic (DRRS-S). (b) P
LAN.—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Under Secretary for Personnel and Read-iness shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a resource and funding plan to include a schedule with relevant milestones on the elimination of service-spe-cific DRRS and the migration of the military services and other organizations to DRRS-S. (c) T
RANSITION .—The military services shall complete the transition to DRRS-S not later than October 1, 2019. The Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional de-fense committees upon the complete transi-tion of the services. (d) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, the Under Sec-retary for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Under Secretary for Research and Engi-neering, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and other orga-nizations with relevant technical expertise, shall establish a working group including in-dividuals with expertise in application or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3422 June 11, 2018 
software development, data science, testing, and development and assessment of perform-ance metrics to assess the current process for collecting, analyzing, and commu-nicating readiness data, and develop a strat-egy for implementing any recommended changes to improve and establish readiness metrics using the current DRRS-Strategic platform. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include— (A) identification of modern tools, meth-ods, and approaches to readiness to more ef-fectively and efficiently collect, analyze, and make decision based on readiness data; and (B) consideration of cost and schedule. (3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than February 1, 2020, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees the assessment conducted pursuant to paragraph (1). (e) D
EFENSE READINESS REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS .—To the maximum extent prac-ticable, the Secretary of Defense shall meet defense readiness reporting requirements consistent with the recommendations of the working group established under subsection (d)(1). 
SEC. 336. REPURPOSING AND REUSE OF SURPLUS ARMY FIREARMS. 
Section 348(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1365) is amended by in-serting ‘‘shredded or’’ before ‘‘melted and repurposed’’. 
SEC. 337. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF AD-DITIONAL SPECIALIZED UNDER-GRADUATE PILOT TRAINING FACIL-ITY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2019 for Specialized Un-dergraduate Pilot Training for the Air Force (referred to in this section as ‘‘SUPT’’) no funds may be used to enter into a contract for the procurement of equipment, facilities, real property, or services to establish a new SUPT location in the United States until the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense com-mittees the certification described under subsection (b). (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification re-ferred to in subsection (a) is a certification that— (1) existing SUPT installations are oper-ating at maximum capacity in terms of pilot production; and (2) the Air Force plans to operate existing SUPT installations at maximum capacity over the future years defense program. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on existing SUPT production, resourcing, and locations. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A description of the strategy of the Air Force for utilizing existing SUPT locations to produce the number of pilots the Air Force requires. (B) The number of pilots that each SUPT location has graduated, by year, over the previous 5 fiscal years. (C) The forecast number of pilots that each SUPT location will produce for fiscal year 2019. (D) The maximum production capacity of each SUPT location. (E) A cost estimate of the resources re-quired for each SUPT location to reach max-imum production capacity. (F) A determination as to whether increas-ing production capacity at existing SUPT lo-cations will satisfy the Air Force’s SUPT re-quirement. (G) A timeline and cost estimation of es-tablishing a new SUPT location. (H) A business case analysis comparing the establishment of a new SUPT location to in-creasing production capacity at existing SUPT locations. SEC. 338. SCOPE OF AUTHORITY FOR RESTORA-TION OF LAND DUE TO MISHAP. 
Subsection (e) of section 2691 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 2814 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1849), is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) The authority under paragraphs (1) and (2) includes activities and expenditures necessary to complete restoration to meet the regulations of the Federal department or agency with administrative jurisdiction over the affected land, which may be different than the regulations of the Department of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 339. REDESIGNATION OF THE UTAH TEST AND TRAINING RANGE (UTTR). 
The Utah Test and Training Range (UTTR) located in northwestern Utah and eastern Nevada may be redesignated. Subtitle E—Logistics and Sustainment 
SEC. 351. LIMITATION ON MODIFICATIONS TO NAVY FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION, AND MODERNIZA-TION (FSRM) STRUCTURE AND MECHANISM. 
The Secretary of the Navy may not make any modification to the existing Navy Fa-cilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Mod-ernization (FSRM) structure or mechanism that would modify duty relationships or sig-nificantly alter the existing structure until 90 days after providing notice of the proposed modification to the congressional defense committees. TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces 
SEC. 401. END STRENGTHS FOR ACTIVE FORCES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2019, as follows: (1) The Army, 485,741. (2) The Navy, 331,900. (3) The Marine Corps, 186,100. (4) The Air Force, 325,720. 
SEC. 402. END STRENGTHS FOR COMMISSIONED OFFICERS ON ACTIVE DUTY IN CER-TAIN GRADES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for commissioned officers on ac-tive duty as of September 30, 2019, in the grades as follows in the number specified: (1) The Army: (A) Colonel, 3,970. (B) Lieutenant colonel, 8,700. (C) Major, 15,470. (2) The Navy: (A) Captain, 3,060. (B) Commander, 6,670. (C) Lieutenant commander, 11,010. (3) The Marine Corps: (A) Colonel, 650. (B) Lieutenant colonel, 1,910. (C) Major, 3,920. (4) The Air Force: (A) Colonel, 3,450. (B) Lieutenant colonel, 10,270. (C) Major, 13,920. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
SEC. 411. END STRENGTHS FOR SELECTED RE-SERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Armed Forces are au-thorized strengths for Selected Reserve per-sonnel of the reserve components as of Sep-tember 30, 2019, as follows: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 343,500. (2) The Army Reserve, 199,500. (3) The Navy Reserve, 59,000. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,500. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 106,600. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 69,800. (7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. (b) ENDSTRENGTH REDUCTIONS .—The end strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the Selected Reserve of any reserve component shall be proportionately reduced by— (1) the total authorized strength of units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on ac-tive duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and (2) the total number of individual members not in units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for unsatisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. (c) E
NDSTRENGTH INCREASES .—Whenever units or individual members of the Selected Reserve of any reserve component are re-leased from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased propor-tionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 
SEC. 412. END STRENGTHS FOR RESERVES ON AC-TIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RE-SERVES. 
Within the end strengths prescribed in sec-tion 411(a), the reserve components of the Armed Forces are authorized, as of Sep-tember 30, 2019, the following number of Re-serves to be serving on full-time active duty or full-time duty, in the case of members of the National Guard, for the purpose of orga-nizing, administering, recruiting, instruct-ing, or training the reserve components: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 30,155. (2) The Army Reserve, 16,261. (3) The Navy Reserve, 10,101. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,261. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 19,450. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 3,588. 
SEC. 413. END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY TECH-NICIANS (DUAL STATUS). 
The minimum number of military techni-cians (dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2019 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the following: (1) For the Army National Guard of the United States, 22,294. (2) For the Army Reserve, 6,492. (3) For the Air National Guard of the United States, 18,969. (4) For the Air Force Reserve, 8,880. 
SEC. 414. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF RESERVE PER-SONNEL AUTHORIZED TO BE ON AC-TIVE DUTY FOR OPERATIONAL SUP-PORT. 
During fiscal year 2019, the maximum num-ber of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who may be serving at any time on full-time operational support duty under section 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, is the following: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 17,000. (2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 16,000. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3423 June 11, 2018 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 421. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for mili-tary personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—The authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) supersedes any other authorization of ap-propriations (definite or indefinite) for such purpose for fiscal year 2019. 
SEC. 422. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR PERSONNEL IN FISCAL YEAR 2019 IN EXCESS OF STATUTORILY SPECI-FIED END STRENGTHS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this title, funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for military personnel may be not obligated or expended for a number of mili-tary personnel covered by an end strength in title IV of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) in excess of such end strength until the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense committees the re-port required under subsection (b) of section 1041. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy PART I—OFFICER PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT REFORM 
SEC. 501. REPEAL OF CODIFIED SPECIFICATION OF AUTHORIZED STRENGTHS OF CERTAIN COMMISSIONED OFFICERS ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
Effective as of October 1, 2018, the text of section 523 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘The total number of commissioned offi-cers serving on active duty in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps in each of the grades of major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel, or in the Navy in each of the grades of lieutenant commander, commander, or captain, at the end of any fiscal year shall be as specifically authorized by Act of Congress for such fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 502. ANNUAL DEFENSE MANPOWER RE-QUIREMENTS REPORT MATTERS. 
(a) D ATE OF SUBMITTAL .—Subsection (a) of section 115a of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘not later than 45 days after the date on which’’ and inserting ‘‘on the date on which’’. (b) S
PECIFICATION OF ANTICIPATED OPPOR -
TUNITIES FOR PROMOTION OF COMMISSIONED  O
FFICERS .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended by adding the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) The opportunities for promotion of commissioned officers anticipated to be esti-mated pursuant to section 623(b)(4) of this title for the fiscal year in which such report is submitted for purposes of promotion selec-tion boards convened pursuant to section 611 of this title during such fiscal year.’’. (c) E
NUMERATION OF REQUIRED NUMBERS OF  C
ERTAIN COMMISSIONED OFFICERS .—Such sec- tion is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) In each such report, the Secretary shall also include a separate statement of the number of officers required for the next fiscal year in each grade as follows: ‘‘(1) Major, lieutenant colonel, and colonel of each of the Army, the Air Force, and the Marine Corps. ‘‘(2) Lieutenant commander, commander, and captain of the Navy.’’. SEC. 503. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR ABIL-ITY TO COMPLETE 20 YEARS OF SERVICE BY AGE 62 AS QUALIFICA-TION FOR ORIGINAL APPOINTMENT AS A REGULAR COMMISSIONED OF-FICER. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subsection (a) of section 532 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respec-tively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such section is further amended by striking subsection (d). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to original appointments of regular commissioned officers of the Armed Forces made on or after that date. 
SEC. 504. ENHANCEMENT OF AVAILABILITY OF CONSTRUCTIVE SERVICE CREDIT FOR PRIVATE SECTOR TRAINING OR EXPERIENCE UPON ORIGINAL AP-POINTMENT AS A COMMISSIONED OFFICER. 
(a) R EGULAR OFFICERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 533 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (D) and inserting the following new subparagraph (D): ‘‘(D) Additional credit for special training or experience in a particular officer career field as designated by the Secretary con-cerned, if such training or experience is di-rectly related to the operational needs of the armed force concerned.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as authorized by the Secretary concerned in individual cases and under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary of Defense in the case of a medical or dental officer, the amount’’ and inserting ‘‘The amount’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in the grade of major in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps or lieutenant commander in the Navy’’ and in-serting ‘‘in the grade of colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps or captain in the Navy’’. (2) R
EPEAL OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY FOR  
SERVICE CREDIT FOR CRITICALLY NECESSARY  
CYBERSPACE -RELATED EXPERIENCE .—Such sec- tion is further amended— (A) in subsections (a)(2) and (c), by striking ‘‘or (g)’’; and (B) by striking subsection (g). (b) R
ESERVE OFFICERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 12207 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (D) and inserting the following new subparagraph (D): ‘‘(D) Additional credit for special training or experience in a particular officer career field as designated by the Secretary con-cerned, if such training or experience is di-rectly related to the operational needs of the armed force concerned.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) The amount of constructive service credit credited to an officer under this sub-section may not exceed the amount required in order for the officer to be eligible for an original appointment as a reserve officer of the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps in the grade of colonel or as a reserve officer of the Navy in the grade of captain.’’. (2) R
EPEAL OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY FOR  
SERVICE CREDIT FOR CRITICALLY NECESSARY  
CYBERSPACE -RELATED EXPERIENCE .—Such sec- tion is further amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (C) in subsection (e), as redesignated by subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, (d), or (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘or (d)’’. SEC. 505. STANDARDIZED TEMPORARY PRO-MOTION AUTHORITY ACROSS THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS FOR OFFI-CERS IN CERTAIN GRADES WITH CRITICAL SKILLS. 
(a) S TANDARDIZED TEMPORARY PROMOTION  A
UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 35 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 605. Promotion to certain grades for offi-cers with critical skills: colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain; captain, com-mander, lieutenant commander, lieutenant ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An officer in the grade of first lieutenant, captain, major, or lieu-tenant colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant (junior grade), lieutenant, lieutenant commander, or com-mander in the Navy, who is described in sub-section (b) may be temporarily promoted to the grade of captain, major, lieutenant colo-nel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant, lieutenant com-mander, commander, or captain in the Navy, as applicable, under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the military department concerned. Appointments under this section shall be made by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED OFFICERS .—An officer de-scribed in this subsection is any officer in a grade specified in subsection (a) who— ‘‘(1) has a skill in which the armed force concerned has a critical shortage of per-sonnel (as determined by the Secretary of the military department concerned); and ‘‘(2) is serving in a position (as determined by the Secretary of the military department concerned) that— ‘‘(A) is designated to be held by a captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieu-tenant, lieutenant commander, commander, or captain in the Navy, as applicable; and ‘‘(B) requires that an officer serving in such position have the skill possessed by such officer. ‘‘(c) S
TATUS OF OFFICERS APPOINTED .— ‘‘(1) P
RESERVATION OF POSITION AND STA -
TUS.—An appointment under this section does not change the position on the active- duty list or the permanent, probationary, or acting status of the officer so appointed, prejudice the officer in regard to other pro-motions or appointments, or abridge the rights or benefits of the officer. ‘‘(2) G
RADE FOR PURPOSES OF ANNUAL DE -
FENSE MANPOWER REPORTS .—For purposes of section 115a of this title, an officer holding an appointment under this section is consid-ered as serving in the grade of the temporary promotion this section. ‘‘(d) B
OARD RECOMMENDATION REQUIRED .—A temporary promotion under this section may be made only upon the recommendation of a board of officers convened by the Secretary of the military department concerned for the purpose of recommending officers for such promotions. ‘‘(e) A
CCEPTANCE AND EFFECTIVE DATE OF  A
PPOINTMENT .—Each appointment under this section, unless expressly declined, is, with-out formal acceptance, regarded as accepted on the date such appointment is made, and a member so appointed is entitled to the pay and allowances of the grade of the temporary promotion under this section from the date the appointment is made. ‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION OF APPOINTMENT .—Unless sooner terminated, an appointment under this section terminates— ‘‘(1) on the date the officer who received the appointment is promoted to the perma-nent grade of captain, major, lieutenant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3424 June 11, 2018 
colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant, lieutenant commander, commander, or captain in the Navy; or ‘‘(2) on the date the officer is detached from a position described in subsection (b)(2), unless the officer is on a promotion list to the permanent grade of captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieu-tenant, lieutenant commander, commander, or captain in the Navy, in which case the ap-pointment terminates on the date the officer is promoted to that grade. ‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF ELIGIBLE  P
OSITIONS .—An appointment under this sec-tion may only be made for service in a posi-tion designated by the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned for the purposes of this section. The number of positions so designated may not exceed the following: ‘‘(1) In the case of the Army— ‘‘(A) as captain, 120; ‘‘(B) as major, 350; ‘‘(C) as lieutenant colonel, 200; and ‘‘(D) as colonel, 100. ‘‘(2) In the case of the Air Force— ‘‘(A) as captain, 100; ‘‘(B) as major, 325; ‘‘(C) as lieutenant colonel, 175; and ‘‘(D) as colonel, 80. ‘‘(3) In the case of the Marine Corps— ‘‘(A) as captain, 50; ‘‘(B) as major, 175; ‘‘(C) as lieutenant colonel, 100; and ‘‘(D) as colonel, 50. ‘‘(4) In the case of the Navy— ‘‘(A) as lieutenant, 100; ‘‘(B) as lieutenant commander, 325; ‘‘(C) as commander, 175; and ‘‘(D) as captain, 80.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘605. Promotion to certain grades for officers with critical skills: colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, cap-tain; captain, commander, lieu-tenant commander, lieuten-ant.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED AUTHORITY AP-
PLICABLE TO NAVYLIEUTENANTS .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Chapter 544 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The tables of chapters at the beginning of title 10, United States Code, and at the beginning of subtitle C of such title, are each amended by striking the item relating to chapter 544. 
SEC. 506. AUTHORITY FOR PROMOTION BOARDS TO RECOMMEND OFFICERS OF PAR-TICULAR MERIT BE PLACED HIGHER ON A PROMOTION LIST. 
(a) DOPMA B OARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 616 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g)(1) In selecting the officers to be rec-ommended for promotion, a selection board may, when authorized by the Secretary of the military department concerned, rec-ommend officers of particular merit, from among those officers selected for promotion, to be placed higher on the promotion list es-tablished by the Secretary under section 624(a)(1) of this title. ‘‘(2) An officer may be recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1) only if the officer receives the recommendation of at least a majority of the members of the board, unless the Secretary concerned establishes an alternative require-ment. Any such alternative requirement shall be furnished to the board as part of the guidelines furnished to the board under sec-tion 615 of this title. ‘‘(3) For the officers recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1), the board shall recommend the order in which those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (2) PROMOTION SELECTION BOARD REPORTS  
RECOMMENDING OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR  
MERIT BE PLACED HIGHER ON PROMOTION  
LIST.—Section 617 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(d) A selection board convened under sec-tion 611(a) of this title shall, when author-ized under section 616(g) of this title, include in its report to the Secretary concerned the names of those officers recommended by the board to be placed higher on the promotion list and the order in which the board rec-ommends that those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (3) O
FFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT APPEAR -
ING HIGHER ON PROMOTION LIST .—Section 624(a)(1) of such title is amended in the first sentence by adding at the end ‘‘or based on particular merit, as determined by the pro-motion board’’. (b) ROPMA B
OARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 14108 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) O
FFICERS OF PARTCULAR MERIT.—(1) In selecting the officers to be recommended for promotion, a promotion board may, when au-thorized by the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned, recommend officers of particular merit, from among those officers selected for promotion, to be placed higher on the promotion list established by the Sec-retary under section 14308(a) of this title. ‘‘(2) An officer may be recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1) only if the officer receives the recommendation of at least a majority of the members of the board, unless the Secretary concerned establishes an alternative require-ment. Any such alternative requirement shall be furnished to the board as part of the guidelines furnished to the board under sec-tion 14107 of this title. ‘‘(3) For the officers recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1), the board shall recommend the order in which those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (2) P
ROMOTION BOARD REPORTS RECOM -
MENDING OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT BE  
PLACED HIGHER ON PROMOTION LIST .—Section 14109 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) O
FFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT.—A promotion board convened under section 14101(a) of this title shall, when authorized under section 14108(f) of this title, include in its report to the Secretary concerned the names of those officers recommended by the board to be placed higher on the promotion list and the order in which the board rec-ommends that those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (3) O
FFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT APPEAR -
ING HIGHER ON PROMOTION LIST .—Section 14308(a) of such title is amended in the first sentence by adding at the end ‘‘or based on particular merit, as determined by the pro-motion board’’. 
SEC. 507. AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS TO OPT OUT OF PROMOTION BOARD CONSIDER-ATION. 
(a) A CTIVE -DUTY LISTOFFICERS .—Section 619 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) An officer excluded under subsection (e).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) A
UTHORITY TOALLOW OFFICERS TOOPT O
UT OF SELECTION BOARD CONSIDERATION .—(1) The Secretary of a military department may provide that an officer under the jurisdiction of the Secretary may, upon the officer’s re-quest and with the approval of the Sec-retary, be excluded from consideration by a selection board convened under section 611(a) of this title to consider officers for pro-motion to the next higher grade. ‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may only ap-prove a request under paragraph (1) if— ‘‘(A) the basis for the request is to allow an officer to complete a broadening assignment, advanced education, another assignment of significant value to the Department, or a ca-reer progression requirement delayed by the assignment or education; ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines the exclu-sion from consideration is in the best inter-est of the military department concerned; and ‘‘(C) the officer has not previously failed of selection for promotion to the grade for which the officer requests the exclusion from consideration.’’. (b) RESERVE ACTIVE -STATUS LIST OFFI-
CERS.—Section 14301 of such title is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
REVIOUSLY SELECTED OFFICERS NOTELIGI-
BLE’’ and inserting ‘‘C ERTAIN OFFICERS NOT’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) An officer excluded under subsection (j).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) A
UTHORITY TOALLOW OFFICERS TOOPT O
UT OF SELECTION BOARD CONSIDERATION .—(1) The Secretary a military department may provide that an officer under the jurisdiction of the Secretary may, upon the officer’s re-quest and with the approval of the Sec-retary, be excluded from consideration by a selection board convened under section 14101(a) of this title to consider officers for promotion to the next higher grade. ‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may only ap-prove a request under paragraph (1) if— ‘‘(A) the basis for the request is to allow an officer to complete a broadening assignment, advanced education, another assignment of significant value to the Department, or a ca-reer progression requirement delayed by the assignment or education; ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines the exclu-sion from consideration is in the best inter-est of the military department concerned; and ‘‘(C) the officer has not previously failed of selection for promotion to the grade for which the officer requests the exclusion from consideration.’’. 
SEC. 508. COMPETITIVE CATEGORY MATTERS. 
Section 621 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) C
OMPETITIVE CAT-
EGORIES .—’’ before ‘‘Under regulations’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) B
ASES FOR COMPETITIVE CATEGORIES .— Competitive categories shall be established on the bases as follows: ‘‘(1) Officers occupying similar officer qualifications, specialties, occupations, or ratings shall be grouped together. ‘‘(2) Promotion timing, promotion oppor-tunity, and officer career length shall each be tailored to particular officer qualifica-tions, specialties, occupations, or ratings. ‘‘(c) C
ONSISTENCY NOTREQUIRED IN PRO-
MOTION TIMING OR OPPORTUNITY .—In estab- lishing competitive categories, the Secretary of a military department shall not be re-quired to provide consistency in promotion timing or promotion opportunity among competitive categories of the armed force concerned.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3425 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 509. PROMOTION ZONE MATTERS. 
(a) A LIGNMENT WITH ANNUAL DEFENSE  M
ANPOWER REQUIREMENTS REPORTS .—Sub- section (b) of section 623 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) the alignment of opportunities for pro-motion for officers considered by any par-ticular selection board with opportunities for promotion in the next year as estimated pursuant to paragraph (4) and reported in the annual defense manpower requirements re-port covering such year under section 115a of this title.’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON DETERMINATION OF OFFI-
CERS IN PROMOTION ZONEBASED ON YEAR OF  O
RIGINAL APPOINTMENT TO CURRENT GRADE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) The Secretary concerned may not de-termine the number of officers in a pro-motion zone on the basis of the year in which officers receive their original appoint-ment in their current grade.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to promotion zones established for promotion selection boards convened on or after that date. 
SEC. 510. ALTERNATIVE PROMOTION AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS IN DESIGNATED COMPETITIVE CATEGORIES OF OFFI-CERS. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE PROMOTION AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 36 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VI—ALTERNATIVE PRO-MOTION AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS IN DESIGNATED COMPETITIVE CAT-EGORIES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘649a. Officers in designated competitive cat-egories. ‘‘649b. Selection for promotion. ‘‘649c. Eligibility for consideration for pro-motion. ‘‘649d. Opportunities for consideration for promotion. ‘‘649e. Promotions. ‘‘649f. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘649g. Retirement: retirement for years of service; selective early retire-ment. ‘‘649h. Continuation on active duty. ‘‘649h-1. Continuation on active duty: officers in certain military specialties and career tracks. ‘‘649i. Other administrative authorities. ‘‘649j. Regulations. ‘‘§ 649a. Officers in designated competitive categories ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TODESIGNATE COMPETITIVE  C
ATEGORIES OF OFFICERS .—Each Secretary of a military department may designate one or more competitive categories for promotion of officers under section 621 of this title that are under the jurisdiction of such Secretary as a competitive category of officers whose promotion, retirement, and continuation on active duty shall be subject to the provisions of this subchapter. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON EXERCISE OF AUTHOR -
ITY.—The Secretary of a military depart-ment may not designate a competitive cat-egory of officers for purposes of this sub-chapter until 60 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the designa-tion of the competitive category. The report on the designation of a competitive category shall set forth the following: ‘‘(1) A detailed description of officer re-quirements for officers within the competi-tive category. ‘‘(2) An explanation of the number of op-portunities for consideration for promotion to each particular grade, and an estimate of promotion timing, within the competitive category. ‘‘(3) An estimate of the size of the pro-motion zone for each grade within the com-petitive category. ‘‘(4) A description of any other matters the Secretary considered in determining to des-ignate the competitive category for purposes of this subchapter. ‘‘§ 649b. Selection for promotion ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Except as provided in this section, the selection for promotion of officers in any competitive category of offi-cers designated for purposes of this sub-chapter shall be governed by the provisions of subchapter I of this chapter. ‘‘(b) N
ORECOMMENDATION FOR PROMOTION  
OFOFFICERS BELOW PROMOTION ZONE.—Sec- tion 616(b) of this title shall not apply to the selection for promotion of officers described in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATION FOR OFFICERS TOBE E
XCLUDED FROM FUTURE CONSIDERATION FOR  P
ROMOTION .—In making recommendations pursuant to section 616 of this title for pur-poses of the administration of this sub-chapter, a selection board convened under section 611(a) of this title may recommend that an officer considered by the board be ex-cluded from future consideration for pro-motion under this chapter. ‘‘§ 649c. Eligibility for consideration for pro-motion ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided by this section, eligibility for promotion of offi-cers in any competitive category of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter shall be governed by the provisions of sec-tion 619 of this title. ‘‘(b) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN TIME-IN- 
GRADE REQUIREMENTS .—Paragraphs (2) through (4) of section 619(a) of this title shall not apply to the promotion of officers de-scribed in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO OFFICERS ABOVE  
ANDBELOW PROMOTION ZONE.—The following provisions of section 619(c) of this title shall not apply to the promotion of officers de-scribed in subsection (a): ‘‘(1) The reference in paragraph (1) of that section to an officer above the promotion zone. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (2)(A) of that section. ‘‘(d) I
NELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN OFFICERS .— The following officers are not eligible for promotion under this subchapter: ‘‘(1) An officer described in section 619(d) of this title. ‘‘(2) An officer not included within the pro-motion zone. ‘‘(3) An officer who has failed of promotion to a higher grade the maximum number of times specified for opportunities for pro-motion for such grade within the competi-tive category concerned pursuant to section 649d of this title. ‘‘(4) An officer recommended by a selection board to be removed from consideration for promotion in accordance with section 649b(c) of this title. ‘‘§ 649d. Opportunities for consideration for promotion ‘‘(a) S
PECIFICATION OF NUMBER OF OPPORTU -
NITIES FOR CONSIDERATION FOR PROMOTION .— In designating a competitive category of of-ficers pursuant to section 649a of this title, the Secretary of a military department shall specify the number of opportunities for con-sideration for promotion to be afforded offi-cers of the armed force concerned within the category for promotion to each grade above the grade of first lieutenant or lieutenant (junior grade), as applicable. ‘‘(b) LIMITED AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF  M
ILITARY DEPARTMENT TO MODIFY NUMBER  
OFOPPORTUNITIES .—The Secretary of a mili-tary department may modify the number of opportunities for consideration for pro-motion to be afforded officers of an armed force within a competitive category for pro-motion to a particular grade, as previously specified by the Secretary pursuant sub-section (a) or this subsection, not more fre-quently than once every five years. ‘‘(c) D
ISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OF SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE TO MODIFY NUMBER OF  O
PPORTUNITIES .—The Secretary of Defense may modify the number of opportunities for consideration for promotion to be afforded officers of an armed force within a competi-tive category for promotion to a particular grade, as previously specified or modified pursuant to any provision of this section, at the discretion of the Secretary. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF OPPORTUNI -
TIES SPECIFIED .—The number of opportuni-ties for consideration for promotion to be af-forded officers of an armed force within a competitive category for promotion to a par-ticular grade, as specified or modified pursu-ant to any provision of this section, may not exceed five opportunities. ‘‘(e) E
FFECT OF CERTAIN REDUCTION IN NUM-
BER OF OPPORTUNITIES SPECIFIED .—If, by rea-son of a reduction in the number of opportu-nities for consideration for promotion under this section, an officer would no longer have one or more opportunities for consideration for promotion that were available to the offi-cer before the reduction, the officer shall be afforded one additional opportunity for con-sideration for promotion after the reduction. ‘‘§ 649e. Promotions ‘‘Sections 620 through 626 of this title shall apply in promotions of officers in competi-tive categories of officers designated for pur-poses of this subchapter. ‘‘§ 649f. Failure of selection for promotion ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in this section, sections 627 through 632 of this title shall apply to promotions of officers in competitive categories of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter. ‘‘(b) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF FAILURE OF SELEC-
TION FOR PROMOTION TO OFFICERS ABOVE PRO-
MOTION ZONE.—The reference in section 627 of this title to an officer above the promotion zone shall not apply in the promotion of offi-cers described in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL SELECTION BOARD MATTERS .— The reference in section 628(a)(1) of this title to a person above the promotion zone shall not apply in the promotion of officers de-scribed in subsection (a). ‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF FAILURE OF SELECTION .—In the administration of this subchapter pursu-ant to subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) an officer described in subsection (a) shall not be deemed to have failed twice of selection for promotion for purposes of sec-tion 629(e)(2) of this title until the officer has failed selection of promotion to the next higher grade the maximum number of times specified for opportunities for promotion to such grade within the competitive category concerned pursuant to section 649d of this title; and ‘‘(2) any reference in section 631(a) or 632(a) of this title to an officer who has failed of se-lection for promotion to the next higher grade for the second time shall be deemed to refer instead to an officer described in sub-section (a) who has failed of selection for promotion to the next higher grade for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3426 June 11, 2018 
maximum number of times specified for op-portunities for promotion to such grade within the competitive category concerned pursuant to such section 649d. ‘‘§ 649g. Retirement: retirement for years of service; selective early retirement ‘‘(a) R
ETIREMENT FOR YEARS OF SERVICES .— Sections 633 through 636 of this title shall apply to the retirement of officers in com-petitive categories of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter. ‘‘(b) S
ELECTIVE EARLY RETIREMENT .—Sec- tions 638 and 638a of this title shall apply to the retirement of officers described in sub-section (a). ‘‘§ 649h. Continuation on active duty ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An officer subject to dis-charge or retirement pursuant to this sub-chapter may, subject to the needs of the service, be continued on active duty if the of-ficer is selected for continuation on active duty in accordance with this section by a se-lection board convened under section 611(b) of this title. ‘‘(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF POSITIONS FOR OFFI-
CERS CONTINUED ON ACTIVE DUTY.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Officers may be selected for continuation on active duty pursuant to this section only for assignment to positions identified by the Secretary of the military department concerned for which vacancies exist or are anticipated to exist. ‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION .—Before convening a selection board pursuant to section 611(b) of this title for purposes of selection of officers for continuation on active duty pursuant to this section, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify for pur-poses of the board the positions identified by the Secretary to which officers selected for continuation on active duty may be as-signed. ‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATION FOR CONTINUATION .— A selection board may recommend an officer for continuation on active duty pursuant to this section only if the board determines that the officer is qualified for assignment to one or more positions identified pursuant to subsection (b) on the basis of skills, knowl-edge, and behavior required of an officer to perform successfully in such position or posi-tions. ‘‘(d) A
PPROVAL OF SECRETARY OF MILITARY  D
EPARTMENT .—Continuation of an officer on active duty under this section pursuant to the action of a selection board is subject to the approval of the Secretary of the military department concerned. ‘‘(e) N
ONACCEPTANCE OF CONTINUATION .—An officer who is selected for continuation on active duty pursuant to this section, but who declines to continue on active duty, shall be discharged or retired, as appropriate, in ac-cordance with section 632 of this title. ‘‘(f) P
ERIOD OF CONTINUATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An officer continued on active duty pursuant to this section shall re-main on active duty, and serve in the posi-tion to which assigned (or in another posi-tion to which assigned with the approval of the Secretary of the military department concerned), for a total of not more than three years afer the date of assignment to the position to which first so assigned. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL CONTINUATION .—An officer whose continued service pursuant to this section would otherwise expire pursuant to paragraph (1) may be continued on active duty if selected for continuation on active duty in accordance with this section before the date of expiration pursuant to that para-graph. ‘‘(g) E
FFECT OF EXPIRATION OF CONTINU -
ATION .—Each officer continued on active duty pursuant to this subsection who is not selected for continuation on active duty pur-suant to subsection (f)(2) at the completion of the officer’s term of continued service shall, unless sooner discharged or retired under another provision of law— ‘‘(1) be discharged upon the expiration of the term of continued service; or ‘‘(2) if eligible for retirement under an-other other provision of law, be retired under that law on the first day of the first month following the month in which the officer completes the term of continued service. ‘‘(h) TREATMENT OF DISCHARGE OR RETIRE -
MENT .—The discharge or retirement of an of-ficer pursuant to this section shall be consid-ered to be an involuntary discharge or retire-ment for purposes of any other provision of law. ‘‘§ 649h-1. Continuation on active duty: offi-cers in certain military specialties and ca-reer tracks ‘‘In addition to continuation on active duty provided for in section 649h of this title, an officer to whom section 637a of this title applies may be continued on active duty in accordance with the provisions of such sec-tion 637a. ‘‘§ 649i. Other administrative authorities ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The following provisions of this title shall apply to officers in com-petitive categories of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter: ‘‘(1) Section 638b, relating to voluntary re-tirement incentives. ‘‘(2) Section 639, relating to continuation on active duty to complete disciplinary ac-tion. ‘‘(3) Section 640, relating to deferment of retirement or separation for medical rea-sons. ‘‘§ 649j. Regulations ‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations regarding the administration of this subchapter. The elements of such regu-lations shall include mechanisms to clarify the manner in which provisions of other sub-chapters of this chapter shall be used in the administration of this subchapter in accord-ance with the provisions of this sub-chapter.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters at the beginning of chapter 36 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘VI. Alternative Promotion Authority for Officers in Designated Com-petitive Categories.......................649a’’. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consulta-tion with the Secretaries of the military de-partments, submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the authori-ties in subchapter VI of chapter 36 of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include the following: (A) A detailed analysis and assessment of the manner in which the exercise of the au-thorities in subchapter VI of chapter 36 of title 10, United States Code (as so added), will effect the career progression of commis-sioned officers in the Armed Forces. (B) A description of the competitive cat-egories of officers that are anticipated to be designated as competitive categories of offi-cers for purposes of such authorities. (C) A plan for implementation of such au-thorities. (D) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate to improve or enhance such authorities. SEC. 511. APPLICABILITY TO ADDITIONAL OFFI-CER GRADES OF AUTHORITY FOR CONTINUATION ON ACTIVE DUTY OF OFFICERS IN CERTAIN MILITARY SPECIALTIES AND CAREER TRACKS. 
Section 637a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘grade O–4’’ and inserting ‘‘grade O–2’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘632,’’ before ‘‘633,’’. PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 516. MATTERS RELATING TO SATISFACTORY SERVICE IN GRADE FOR PURPOSES OF RETIREMENT GRADE OF OFFI-CERS IN HIGHEST GRADE OF SATIS-FACTORY SERVICE. 
(a) C ONDITIONAL DETERMINATIONS OF GRADE  
OFSATISFACTORY SERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(1) of sec-tion 1370 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘When an officer is under in-vestigation for alleged misconduct at the time of retirement, the Secretary concerned may conditionally determine the highest grade of satisfactory service of the officer pending completion of the investigation. Such grade is subject to reopening in accord-ance with subsection (f).’’. (2) O
FFICERS IN O –9 AND O –10 GRADES .—Sub- section (c) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) The Secretary of Defense may make a conditional certification regarding satisfac-tory service in grade under paragraph (1) with respect to an officer under that para-graph notwithstanding the fact that there is pending the disposition of an adverse per-sonnel action against the officer for alleged misconduct. The retired grade of an officer following such a conditional certification is subject to reopening in accordance with sub-section (f).’’. (3) R
ESERVE OFFICERS .—Subsection (d)(1) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘When an offi-cer is under investigation for alleged mis-conduct at the time of retirement, the Sec-retary concerned may conditionally deter-mine the highest grade of satisfactory serv-ice of the officer pending completion of the investigation. Such grade is subject to re-opening in accordance with subsection (f).’’. (b) D
ETERMINATIONS OF SATISFACTORY  S
ERVICE .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) D
ETERMINATIONS OF SATISFACTORY  S
ERVICE IN GRADE .—The determination whether an officer’s service in grade is satis-factory for purposes of any provision of this section shall— ‘‘(1) be based on quantative and qualitative considerations; ‘‘(2) take into account both acts and omis-sions; and ‘‘(3) take into account service in current grade and in any prior grade in which served (whether a lower or higher grade).’’. (c) F
INALITY OF RETIRED GRADE DETER -
MINATIONS .—Such section is further amended by inserting after subsection (e), as amended by subsection (b) of this section, the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) F
INALITY OF RETIRED GRADE DETER -
MINATIONS .—(1) Except as otherwise provided by law, a determination or certification of the retired grade of an officer pursuant to this section is administratively final on the day the officer is retired, and may not be re-opened. ‘‘(2) A determination or certification of the retired grade of an officer may be reopened as follows: ‘‘(A) If the retirement or retired grade of the officer was procured by fraud. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3427 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(B) If substantial evidence comes to light after the retirement that could have led to a lower retired grade under this section if known by competent authority at the time of retirement. ‘‘(C) If a mistake of law or calculation was made in the determination of the retired grade. ‘‘(D) In the case of a retired grade fol-lowing a conditional determination under subsection (a)(1) or (d)(1) or conditional cer-tification under subsection (c)(4), if the in-vestigation of or personnel action against the officer, as applicable, results in adverse findings. ‘‘(E) If the Secretary concerned deter-mines, pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, that good cause ex-ists to reopen the determination or certifi-cation. ‘‘(3) If a determination or certification of the retired grade of an officer is reopened, the Secretary concerned— ‘‘(A) shall notify the officer of the reopen-ing; and ‘‘(B) may not make an adverse determina-tion on the retired grade of the officer until the officer has had a reasonable opportunity to respond regarding the basis of the reopen-ing. ‘‘(4) If a certification of the retired grade of an officer covered by subsection (c) is re-opened, the Secretary concerned shall also notify the President and Congress of the re-opening. ‘‘(5) If the retired grade of an officer is re-duced through the reopening of the officer’s retired grade, the retired pay of the officer under chapter 71 of this title shall be recal-culated, and any modification of the retired pay of the officer shall go into effect on the effective date of the reduction of the officer’s retired grade.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to officers who re-tire from the Armed Forces on or after that date. 
SEC. 517. REDUCTION IN NUMBER OF YEARS OF ACTIVE NAVAL SERVICE REQUIRED FOR PERMANENT APPOINTMENT AS A LIMITED DUTY OFFICER. 
Section 5589(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘10 years’’ and inserting ‘‘8 years’’. 
SEC. 518. REPEAL OF ORIGINAL APPOINTMENT QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR WARRANT OFFICERS IN THE REG-ULAR ARMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3310 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 335 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 3310. 
SEC. 519. UNIFORM GRADE OF SERVICE OF THE CHIEFS OF CHAPLAINS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
The grade of service as Chief of Chaplains of the Army, Chief of Chaplains of the Navy, and Chief of Chaplains of the Air Force of an officer serving in such position shall be such grade as the Secretary of Defense shall speci-fy. The grade of service shall be the same for service in each such position. 
SEC. 520. WRITTEN JUSTIFICATION FOR AP-POINTMENT OF CHIEFS OF CHAP-LAINS IN GRADE BELOW GRADE OF MAJOR GENERAL OR REAR ADMI-RAL. 
(a) C HIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE ARMY.—Sec- tion 3036 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) If an individual is appointed Chief of Chaplains in a regular grade below the grade of major general, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth in writing the justification for the appointment of the individual as Chief of Chaplains in such lower grade.’’. (b) CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE NAVY.—Sec- tion 5142(b) of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(b)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) If an individual is appointed Chief of Chaplains in a regular grade below the grade of rear admiral, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth in writing the justification for the appointment of the individual as Chief of Chaplains in such lower grade.’’. (c) C
HIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE AIR F
ORCE .—Section 8039(a) of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) If an individual is appointed Chief of Chaplains in a regular grade below the grade of major general, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth in writing the justification for the appointment of the individual as Chief of Chaplains in such lower grade.’’. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
SEC. 521. AUTHORITY TO ADJUST EFFECTIVE DATE OF PROMOTION IN THE EVENT OF UNDUE DELAY IN EXTENDING FEDERAL RECOGNITION OF PRO-MOTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 14308(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The effective date of promotion’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) If the Secretary concerned determines that there was an undue delay in extending Federal recognition in the next higher grade in the Army National Guard or the Air Na-tional Guard to a reserve commissioned offi-cer of the Army or the Air Force, and the delay was not attributable to the action (or inaction) of such officer, the effective date of the promotion concerned under paragraph (1) may be adjusted to a date determined by the Secretary concerned, but not earlier than the effective date of the State promotion.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to promotions of of-ficers whose State effective date is on or after that date. 
SEC. 522. AUTHORITY TO DESIGNATE CERTAIN RESERVE OFFICERS AS NOT TO BE CONSIDERED FOR SELECTION FOR PROMOTION. 
Section 14301 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) C
ERTAIN OFFICERS NOT TO BECONSID -
ERED FOR SELECTION FOR PROMOTION .—The Secretary of the military department con-cerned may provide that an officer who is in an active status, but is in a duty status in which the only points the officer accrues under section 12732(a)(2) of this title are pur-suant to subparagraph (C)(i) of that section (relating to membership in a reserve compo-nent), shall not be considered for selection for promotion until completion of two years of service in such duty status. Any such offi-cer may remain on the reserve active-status list.’’. SEC. 523. EXPANSION OF PERSONNEL SUBJECT TO AUTHORITY OF THE CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU IN THE EXECUTION OF FUNCTIONS AND MISSIONS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU. 
Section 10508(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sections 2103,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of title 32,’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 2102, 2103, 2105, and 3101, and subchapter IV of chapter 53, of title 5, or sections 328 and 709 of title 32,’’. 
SEC. 524. REPEAL OF PROHIBITION ON SERVICE ON ARMY RESERVE FORCES POLICY COMMITTEE BY MEMBERS ON AC-TIVE DUTY. 
Section 10302 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘not on active duty’’ each place it appears; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘of the reserve compo-nents’’ after ‘‘among the members’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘not on active duty’’. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities 
SEC. 531. ASSESSMENT OF NAVY STANDARD WORKWEEK AND RELATED ADJUST-MENTS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of the Navy shall conduct a comprehensive assess-ment of the Navy standard workweek. (b) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall— (1) update Office of the Chief of Naval Op-erations Instruction 1000.16L in order to— (A) obtain an examination of current in- port workloads; and (B) identify the manpower necessary to execute in-port workload for all surface ship classes; (2) update the criteria used in the Instruc-tion referred to in paragraph (1) that are used to reassess the factors used to calculate manpower requirements periodically or when conditions change; and (3) using the updates required by para-graphs (1) and (2), identify personnel needs and costs associated with the planned larger size of the Navy fleet. (c) A
DDED DEMANDS .—The Secretary shall identify and quantify added demands on Navy ship crews, including Ready Relevant Learning training periods and additional work that affects readiness and technical qualifications for Navy ship crews. (d) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall com-plete carrying out the requirements in this section by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 532. MANNING OF FORWARD DEPLOYED NAVAL FORCES. 
Commencing not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall implement a policy to man ships homeported overseas (commonly referred to as ‘‘Forward Deployed Naval Forces’’) at manning levels not less than the levels established for each ship class or type of unit, including any adjust-ments resulting from as a result of changes from actions in connection with section 531, relating to an assessment of the Navy stand-ard workweek and related adjustments. 
SEC. 533. NAVY WATCHSTANDER RECORDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy shall require that, commencing not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, key watchstanders on Navy surface ships shall maintain a career record of watchstanding hours and specific operational evolutions. (b) K
EYWATCHSTANDER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘key watchstander’’ means each of the following: (1) Officer of the Deck. (2) Any other officer specified by the Sec-retary for purposes of this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3428 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 534. QUALIFICATION EXPERIENCE REQUIRE-MENTS FOR CERTAIN NAVY WATCHSTATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date the of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the adequacy of individual training for certain watchstations, including any planned or recommended changes in quali-fication standards for such watchstations. (b) W
ATCHSTATIONS .—The watchstations covered by the report required by subsection (a) are the following: (1) Officer of the Deck. (2) Combat Information Center Watch Offi-cer. (3) Tactical Action Officer. 
SEC. 535. REPEAL OF 15-YEAR STATUTE OF LIMI-TATIONS ON MOTIONS OR REQUESTS FOR REVIEW OF DISCHARGE OR DIS-MISSAL FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 1553(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the second sentence. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2019. 
SEC. 536. TREATMENT OF CLAIMS RELATING TO MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA IN COR-RECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS AND REVIEW OF DISCHARGE OR DIS-MISSAL PROCEEDINGS. 
(a) C ORRECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (h) of section 1552 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed in paragraphs (1) and (2)(B), by striking ‘‘post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury’’ and inserting ‘‘post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, or military sexual trauma’’. (2) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Subsection (i)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘, or an experience of military sexual trauma,’’ after ‘‘traumatic brain injury’’. (b) R
EVIEW OF DISCHARGE OR DISMISSAL .— Section 1553(d) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or traumatic brain injury’’ each place it appears (other than the second place it appears in paragraph (3)(B)) and in-serting ‘‘, traumatic brain injury, or mili-tary sexual trauma’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘whose’’ the second place it appears. Subtitle D—Military Justice Matters 
SEC. 541. PUNITIVE ARTICLE ON DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) P UNITIVE ARTICLE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), is amended by inserting after section 928a (article 128a) the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 928b. Art. 128b. Domestic violence ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any person who— ‘‘(1) commits a violent offense against a spouse, an intimate partner, or an imme-diate family member of that person; ‘‘(2) with intent to threaten or intimidate a spouse, an intimate partner, or an imme-diate family member of that person— ‘‘(A) commits an offense under this chapter against any person; or ‘‘(B) commits an offense under this chapter against any property, including an animal; ‘‘(3) with intent to threaten or intimidate a spouse, an intimate partner, or an imme-diate family member of that person, violates a protection order; ‘‘(4) with intent to commit a violent of-fense against a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that per-son, violates a protection order; or ‘‘(5) assaults a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that per-son by strangling or suffocating; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect. ‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section (article): ‘‘(1) I
MMEDIATE FAMILY .—The term ‘imme-diate family’, with respect to an accused, means a spouse, parent, brother or sister, child of the accused, a person to whom the accused stands in loco parentis, and any other person who lives in the household in-volved and is related by blood or marriage to the accused. ‘‘(2) I
NTIMATE PARTNER .—The term ‘inti-mate partner’, with respect to an accused, means— ‘‘(A) a former spouse of the accused; ‘‘(B) a person who has a child in common with the accused; ‘‘(C) a person who cohabits or has cohabited as a spouse with the accused; or ‘‘(D) a person who is or has been in a social relationship of a romantic or intimate na-ture with the accused, as determined by the length of the relationship, the type of rela-tionship, and the frequency of interaction between the person and the accused. ‘‘(3) P
ROTECTION ORDER .—The term ‘protec-tion order’ means— ‘‘(A) a military protective order enforce-able under section 890 of this title (article 90); or ‘‘(B) a protection order, as defined in sec-tion 2266 of title 18 and, if issued by a State, Indian tribal, or territorial court, is in ac-cordance with the standards specified in sec-tion 2265 of such title. ‘‘(4) S
TRANGLING .—The term ‘strangling’ means intentionally or knowingly impeding the normal breathing or circulation of the blood of a person by applying pressure to the throat or neck, regardless of whether the im-peding results in any visible injury or wheth-er there is any intent to kill or protractedly injure the victim. ‘‘(5) S
UFFOCATING .—The term ‘suffocating’ means intentionally or knowingly impeding the normal breathing of a person by covering the mouth or the nose, regardless of whether the impeding results in any visible injury or whether there is any intent to kill or protractedly injure the victim. ‘‘(6) V
IOLENT OFFENSE .—The term ‘violent offense’ means a violation of any of the pro-visions of this chapter as follows: ‘‘(A) Section 918 of this title (article 118). ‘‘(B) Section 919(a) of this title (article 119(a)). ‘‘(C) Section 919a of this title (article 119a). ‘‘(D) Section 920 of this title (article 120). ‘‘(E) Section 920b of this title (article 120b). ‘‘(F) Section 922 of this title (article 122). ‘‘(G) Section 925 of this title (article 125). ‘‘(H) Section 926 of this title (article 126). ‘‘(I) Section 928 of this title (article 128). ‘‘(J) Section 928a of this title (article 128a). ‘‘(K) Section 930 of this title (article 130).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter X of chapter 47 of such title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 928a (arti-cle 128a) the following new item: ‘‘928b. 128b. Domestic violence.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019, immediately after the com-ing into effect of the amendments made by the Military Justice Act of 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–328) as provided in section 5542 of that Act (130 Stat. 2967; 10 U.S.C. 801 note). 
SEC. 542. INCLUSION OF STRANGULATION AND SUFFOCATION IN CONDUCT CONSTI-TUTING AGGRAVATED ASSAULT FOR PURPOSES OF THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 928 of title 10, United States Code (article 128 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by adding ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) who commits an assault by strangula-tion or suffocation;’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2019, immediately after the com-ing into effect of the amendment made by section 5441 of the Military Justice Act of 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2954) as provided in section 5542 of that Act (130 Stat. 2967; 10 U.S.C. 801 note). 
SEC. 543. AUTHORITIES OF DEFENSE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATION, PROSECUTION, AND DEFENSE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 546 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) A
UTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) H
EARINGS .—The Advisory Committee may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the committee con-siders appropriate to carry out its duties under this section. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGEN -
CIES.—Upon request by the chair of the Advi-sory Committee, a department or agency of the Federal Government shall provide infor-mation that the Advisory Committee con-siders necessary to carry out its duties under this section.’’. 
SEC. 544. PROTECTIVE ORDERS AGAINST INDI-VIDUALS SUBJECT TO THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) P ROTECTIVE ORDERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), is amended by inserting after section 809 (article 9) the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 809a. Art. 9a. Protective orders ‘‘(a) I
SSUANCE AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with such regulations as the President may prescribe and subject to the provisions of this section, upon proper application therefor pursuant to subsection (b), a military judge or military magistrate may issue the following: ‘‘(A) A protective order described in sub-section (c) on an emergency basis against a person subject to this chapter. ‘‘(B) A protective order described in sub-section (c), other than a protective order on an emergency basis, against a person subject to this chapter. ‘‘(2) O
THER PROTECTIVE ORDERS .—Nothing in this section may be construed as limiting or altering any authority of a military judge or military magistrate to issue a protective order, other than a protective order de-scribed in subsection (c), against a person subject to this chapter under any other pro-vision of law or regulation. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Application for a protec-tive order under this section shall be made in accordance with such requirements and pro-cedures as the President shall prescribe. Such requirements and procedures shall, to the extent practicable, conform to the re-quirements and procedures generally appli-cable to applications for protective orders in civilian jurisdictions of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3429 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(2) E LIGIBILITY .—Application for a protec-tive order may be made by any individual. The regulations prescribed for purposes of this section may not limit eligibility for ap-plication to judge advocates or other attor-neys or to military commanders or other members of the armed forces. ‘‘(c) P
ROTECTIVE ORDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A protective order de-scribed in this subsection is an order that— ‘‘(A) restrains a person from harassing, stalking, threatening, or otherwise con-tacting or communicating with another per-son who stands in relation to the person as described in subsection (d)(8) or (g)(8) of sec-tion 922 of title 18, or engaging in other con-duct that would place such other person in reasonable fear of bodily injury to any such other person; and ‘‘(B) by its terms, explicitly prohibits— ‘‘(i) the use, attempted use, or threatened use of physical force by the person against another person who stands in relation to the person as described in subsection (d)(8) or (g)(8) of section 922 of title 18 that would rea-sonably be expected to cause bodily injury; ‘‘(ii) the initiation by the person restrained of any contact or communication with such other person; or ‘‘(iii) actions described by both clauses (i) and (ii). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘contact’ includes contact in person or through a third party, or through gifts, ‘‘(B) The term ‘communication’ includes communication in person or through a third party, and by telephone or in writing by let-ter, data fax, or other electronic means. ‘‘(d) D
UEPROCESS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROTECTION OF DUE PROCESS .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a protective order described in subsection (c) may only be issued after the person to be subject to the order has received such notice and oppor-tunity to be heard on the order as the Presi-dent shall prescribe. ‘‘(2) E
MERGENCY ORDERS .—A protective order on an emergency basis may be issued on an ex parte basis under such rules and limitations as the President shall prescribe. ‘‘(e) N
ATURE AND SCOPE OF PROTECTIVE OR-
DERS .—The President shall prescribe any re-quirements or limitations applicable to na-ture and scope of protective orders described in subsection (c), including requirements and limitations relating to the following: ‘‘(1) The duration of protective orders on an emergency basis, and of other protective orders. ‘‘(2) The scope of protective orders on an emergency basis, and of other protective or-ders. ‘‘(f) C
OMMAND MATTERS .— ‘‘(1) D
ELIVERY TO COMMANDER .—A copy of a protective order described in subsection (c) against a member of the armed forces shall be provided to such commanding officer in the chain of command of the member as the President shall prescribe for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSION IN PERSONNEL FILE .—Any protective order described in subsection (c) against a member shall be placed and re-tained in the military personnel file of the member. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE TO CIVILIAN LAW ENFORCEMENT  
OF ISSUANCE .—Any protective order described in subsection (c) against a member shall be treated as a military protective order for purposes of section 1567a of this title, includ-ing for purposes of mandatory notification of issuance to civilian law enforcement as re-quired by that section. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORITY OF COMMANDING OFFICERS .— Nothing in this section may be construed as prohibiting a commanding officer from issuing or enforcing any otherwise lawful order in the nature of a protective order de-scribed in subsection (c) to or against mem-bers of the officer’s command. ‘‘(g) DELIVERY TO CERTAIN PERSONS .—A physical copy of any protective order de-scribed in subsection (c) shall be provided, as soon as practicable after issuance, to the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) The person or persons protected by the protective order or to the guardian of such a person if such person is under the age of 18 years. ‘‘(2) The person subject to the protective order. ‘‘(h) E
NFORCEMENT .—A protective order de-scribed in subsection (c) shall be enforceable by a military judge or military magistrate under such rules, and subject to such re-quirements and limitations, as the President shall prescribe.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II of chapter 47 of such title is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 809 (ar-ticle 9) the following new item: ‘‘809a. 9a. Protective orders.’’. (b) A
UTHORITY OF MILITARY MAG-
ISTRATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 826a(b) of title 10, United States Code (article 26a(b) of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘819 or 830a of this title (article 19 or 30a)’’ and inserting ‘‘809a, 819, or 830 of this title (article 9a, 19, or 30a)’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on January 1, 2019, immediately after the com-ing into effect pursuant to section 5542 of the Military Justice Act of 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2967; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) of the amendment made by section 5185 of the Military Justice Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 2902), to which the amendment made by paragraph (1) relates. 
SEC. 545. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR SPE-CIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1044e of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘alleged sex-related of-fense’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘alleged covered violence offense’’. (b) T
YPES OF LEGAL ASSISTANCE AUTHOR -
IZED.—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the alleged sex-related of-fense’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the alleged covered violence offense’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘if and as applicable,’’ after ‘‘or domestic abuse advo-cate,’’. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF SVC S.—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(10), by striking ‘‘sub-section (h)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (j)’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘A
VAILABILITY OF SVC SI NCONNEC -
TION WITHSEX-RELATED OFFENSES .—’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘an al-leged covered violence offense that is’’ before ‘‘an alleged sex-related offense’’ the first place it appears; and (4) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(g) A
VAILABILITY OF SVC SI N CONNECTION  W
ITHDOMESTIC VIOLENCE OFFENSES .—(1) An individual described in subsection (a)(2) who is the victim of an alleged covered violence offense that is an alleged domestic violence offense shall be offered the option of receiv-ing assistance from a Special Victims’ Coun-sel upon report of an alleged domestic vio-lence offense or at the time the victim seeks assistance from a Family Advocate, a domes-tic violence victim advocate, a military criminal investigator, a victim/witness liai-son, a trial counsel, a healthcare provider, or any other personnel designated by the Sec-retary concerned for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(2) Paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (f) shall apply to the availability of Special Vic-tims’ Counsel under this subsection to vic-tims of an alleged domestic violence offense. ‘‘(h) AVAILABILITY OF SVC SI N CONNECTION  W
ITHOTHER COVERED VIOLENCE OFFENSES .— An individual described in subsection (a)(2) who is the victim of an alleged covered vio-lence offense (other than an alleged offense covered by subsection (f) or (g)) shall be of-fered the option of receiving assistance from a Special Victims’ Counsel upon report of such alleged covered violence offense or at the time the victim seeks assistance from a military criminal investigator, a victim/wit-ness liaison, a trial counsel, a healthcare provider, or any other personnel designated by the Secretary concerned for purposes of this subsection.’’. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—Subsection (i) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (c)(2) of this section, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
LLEGED COVERED VIOLENCE OFFENSE .— The term ‘alleged covered violence offense’ means any allegation of the following: ‘‘(A) A violation of section 918, 919, 919a, 920, 920b, 925, 928a, or 930 of this title (article 118, 119, 119a, 120, 120b, 125, 128a, or 130 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(B) A violation of subsection (b) of section 928 of this title (article 128 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), if the offense was aggravated. ‘‘(C) A violation of any other provision of chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) that the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity jointly specify as an alleged covered vio-lence offense for purposes of this section. ‘‘(D) An attempt to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punishable under section 880 of this title (ar-ticle 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). ‘‘(E) A conspiracy to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punishable under section 881 of this title (ar-ticle 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). ‘‘(F) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punishable under section 882 of this title (ar-ticle 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). ‘‘(2) A
LLEGED DOMESTIC VIOLENCE OF -
FENSE .—The term ‘alleged domestic violence offense’ means any allegation of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) A violation of section 919b of this title (article 119b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(B) A violation of section 920, 928 (if the offense was aggravated), or 930 of this title (article 120, 128, or 130 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) in which the victim of the violation is a spouse or other intimate part-ner of the accused or a child of the spouse or other intimate partner of the accused and the accused. ‘‘(C) A violation of any other provision of chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) that the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity jointly specify as an alleged domestic violence offense for purposes of this section. ‘‘(D) An attempt to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punishable under section 880 of this title (ar-ticle 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). ‘‘(E) A conspiracy to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3430 June 11, 2018 
punishable under section 881 of this title (ar-ticle 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). ‘‘(F) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punishable under section 882 of this title (ar-ticle 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). ‘‘(3) A
LLEGED SEX -RELATED OFFENSE .—The term ‘alleged sex-related offense’ means any allegation of the following: ‘‘(A) A violation of section 920, 920b, 920c, or 930 of this title (article 120, 120b, 120c, or 130 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(B) A violation of any other provision of chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) that the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity jointly specify as an alleged sex-related offense for purposes of this section. ‘‘(C) An attempt to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) as pun-ishable under section 880 of this title (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(D) A conspiracy to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) as pun-ishable under section 881 of this title (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(E) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) as pun-ishable under section 882 of this title (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice).’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1044e. Special Victims’ Counsel: victims of sex-related offenses, domestic violence of-fenses, and other violence offenses’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 53 of such title is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 1044e and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘1044e. Special Victims’ Counsel: victims of sex-related offenses, domestic violence offenses, and other vio-lence offenses.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on such date after January 1, 2019, as the President shall specify for purposes of this section. (2) D
ATE SPECIFIED .—In specifying a date for purposes of paragraph (1), the President shall specify a date that permits the Secre-taries concerned and the Armed Forces the opportunity to assess and properly allocate the personnel and other resources required to fully implement and carry out the amend-ments made by this section. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION ACTIVITIES .—During the period beginning on the date of the en-actment of this Act and ending on the date specified for purposes of paragraph (1), the Secretaries concerned and the Armed Forces shall— (A) establish mechanisms to ensure that a priority is afforded in the discharge of duties of Special Victims’ Counsel under the amendments made by this section to serious cases of child abuse and other domestic vio-lence (including cases involving aggravated assault and serious neglect that could result in serious injury or death); and (B) strongly consider the advisability of employing civilians to perform duties of Spe-cial Victims’ Counsel in the matters covered by the amendments in the event the number of military Special Victims’ Counsel is insuf-ficient for the full and effective discharge of such duties. (4) S
ECRETARIES CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘Secretaries con-cerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 546. CLARIFICATION OF EXPIRATION OF TERM OF APPELLATE MILITARY JUDGES OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF MILITARY COMMISSION REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 950f(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) The term of an appellate military judge assigned to the Court under paragraph (2) or appointed to the Court under para-graph (3) shall expire on the earlier of the date on which— ‘‘(A) the judge leaves active duty; or ‘‘(B) the judge is reassigned to other duties in accordance with section 949b(b)(4) of this title.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to each judge of the United States Court of Military Commis-sion Review serving on that court on the date of the enactment of this Act and each judge assigned or appointed to that court on or after such date. 
SEC. 547. EXPANSION OF POLICIES ON EXPE-DITED TRANSFER OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO ARE VIC-TIMS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY OF ADDITIONAL MEMBERS  
FOR TRANSFER .—The Secretary of Defense shall modify section 105.9 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, and any other regula-tions and policy of the Department of De-fense applicable to the expedited transfer of members of the Armed Forces who allege they are a victim of sexual assault, in order to provide that a member of the Armed Forces described in subsection (b) is eligible for expedited transfer under such regulations and policy in connection with an allegation as described in that paragraph. (b) C
OVERED MEMBERS .—A member of the Armed Forces described in this subsection is any member as follows: (1) A member who is an alleged victim of sexual assault committed by the spouse or intimate partner of the member, which spouse or intimate partner is not a member of the Armed Forces. (2) A member who is an alleged victim of physical domestic violence (other than sex-ual assault) committed by the spouse or inti-mate partner of the member, regardless of whether the spouse or intimate partner is a member of the Armed Forces. (c) P
HYSICAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE .—In car- rying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall prescribe the offenses or other actions con-stituting physical domestic violence for pur-poses of subsection (b)(2). 
SEC. 548. UNIFORM COMMAND ACTION FORM ON DISPOSITION OF UNRESTRICTED SEXUAL ASSAULT CASES INVOLVING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) U NIFORM FORM REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall establish a uniform command action form, applicable across the Armed Forces, for reporting the final dis-position of cases of sexual assault in which— (1) the alleged offender is a member of the Armed Forces; and (2) the victim files an unrestricted report on the alleged assault. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The form required by sub-section (a) shall provide for the inclusion of information on the following: (1) The final disposition of the case. (2) Appropriate demographic information on the victim and the alleged offender. (3) The status of the alleged offender as of final disposition of the case. (4) Whether the victim received assistance from a Special Victims’ Counsel in connec-tion with the case. (5) Whether the victim was disciplined for any collateral misconduct in connection with the case. (6) The number of years working in a criminal justice litigation billet of any trial counsel who prosecuted or otherwise con-sulted on the case. SEC. 549. INCLUSION OF INFORMATION ON CER-TAIN COLLATERAL CONDUCT OF VICTIMS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN AN-NUAL REPORTS ON SEXUAL AS-SAULT INVOLVING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1631(b) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) Information on the frequency with which individuals who were identified as vic-tims of sexual assault in case files of mili-tary criminal investigative organizations were also accused of or punished for mis-conduct or crimes considered collateral to the sexual assault under investigation by such organizations, including the type of misconduct or crime and the punishment, if any, received.’’. Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, Transition, and Resilience 
SEC. 551. CONSECUTIVE SERVICE OF SERVICE OBLIGATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENT OF TUITION FOR OFF- DUTY TRAINING OR EDUCATION FOR COMMISSIONED OFFICERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH ANY OTHER SERVICE OBLIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2007(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) Any active duty service obligation of a commissioned officer under this subsection shall be served consecutively with any other service obligation of the officer (whether ac-tive duty or otherwise) under any other pro-vision of law.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to agreements for the payment of tuition for off-duty training or education that are entered into on or after that date. 
SEC. 552. CONSECUTIVE SERVICE OF ACTIVE SERVICE OBLIGATIONS FOR MED-ICAL TRAINING WITH OTHER SERV-ICE OBLIGATIONS FOR EDUCATION OR TRAINING. 
(a) U NIFORMED SERVICES UNIVERSITY OF THE  H
EALTH SCIENCES .—Section 2114(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(d)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A commissioned service obligation in-curred as a result of participation in a mili-tary intern, residency, or fellowship training program shall be served consecutively with the commissioned service obligation imposed by this section and by any other provision of this title for education or training.’’. (b) H
EALTH PROFESSIONS SCHOLARSHIP AND  F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Section 2123(b) of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(b)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A commissioned service obligation in-curred as a result of participation in a mili-tary intern, residency, or fellowship training program shall be served consecutively with the active duty obligation imposed by this section and by any other provision of this title for education or training.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to individ-uals beginning participation in a military in-tern, residency, or fellowship training pro-gram on or after January 1, 2020. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3431 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 553. CLARIFICATION OF APPLICATION AND HONORABLE SERVICE REQUIRE-MENTS UNDER THE TROOPS-TO- TEACHERS PROGRAM TO MEMBERS OF THE RETIRED RESERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2)(B) of sec-tion 1154(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)(iii),’’ after ‘‘A(i),’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘transferred to the Retired Reserve, or’’ after ‘‘member is retired,’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘separated,’’ and inserting ‘‘separated’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The second sentence of paragraph (3)(D) of such section is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, the transfer of the mem-ber to the Retired Reserve,’’ after ‘‘retire-ment of the member’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘transfer,’’ after ‘‘after the retirement,’’. 
SEC. 554. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ATTENDANCE OF ENLISTED PER-SONNEL AT SENIOR LEVEL AND IN-TERMEDIATE LEVEL OFFICER PRO-FESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION COURSES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the purpose of the attendance of enlisted personnel at sen-ior level and intermediate level officer pro-fessional military education courses. (b) S
ENIOR LEVEL AND INTERMEDIATE LEVEL  O
FFICER PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION  C
OURSES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘senior level and intermediate level officer professional military education courses’’ means any course offered by a school speci-fied in section 2151(b) of title 10, United States Code. (c) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED LIMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 547 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is repealed. (2) P
RESERVATION OF CERTAIN REPORTING  
REQUIREMENT .—The repeal in paragraph (1) shall not be interpreted to terminate the re-quirement of the Comptroller General of the United States to submit the report required by subsection (c) of section 547 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. 
SEC. 555. REPEAL OF PROGRAM ON ENCOURAGE-MENT OF POSTSEPARATION PUBLIC AND COMMUNITY SERVICE. 
(a) R EPEAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1143a of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 58 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 1143a. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1144(b) of such title is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (8); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (9), (10), and (11) as paragraphs (8), (9), and (10), re-spectively. 
SEC. 556. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO ASSIST MEMBERS IN OBTAINING PROFES-SIONAL CREDENTIALS. 
Section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) through (e) as subsections (c) through (f), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) P
ROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS NOTRE-
LATED TO MILITARY TRAINING AND SKILLS .— Under the program required by this section, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, may enable members of the armed forces to obtain, while serving in the armed forces, professional credentials for which such members are other otherwise qualified that do not relate to military training and skills if such Secretary deter-mines that such action is in the best inter-ests of the United States.’’. SEC. 557. ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITIES IN CONNECTION WITH JUNIOR RE-SERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PROGRAMS. 
(a) F LEXIBILITY IN AUTHORITIES FOR MAN-
AGEMENT OF PROGRAMS AND UNITS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 102 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2034. Flexibility in authorities for manage-ment of programs and units ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TOCONVERT OTHERWISE  C
LOSING UNITS TO NATIONAL DEFENSE CADET  C
ORPS PROGRAM UNITS.—If the Secretary of a military department is notified by a local educational agency of the intent of the agen-cy to close its Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps, the Secretary shall offer the agency the option of converting the unit to a National Defense Cadet Corps (NDCC) pro-gram unit in lieu of closing the unit. ‘‘(b) F
LEXIBILITY IN ADMINISTRATION OF IN-
STRUCTORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments may, without regard to any other provision of this chapter, under-take initiatives designed to promote flexi-bility in the hiring and compensation of in-structors for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program under the jurisdic-tion of such Secretaries. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The initiatives under-taken pursuant to this subsection may pro-vide for one or more of the following: ‘‘(A) Termination of the requirement for a waiver as a condition of the hiring of well- qualified non-commissioned officers with a bachelor’s degree for senior instructor posi-tions within the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. ‘‘(B) Specification of a single instructor as the minimum number of instructors required to found and operate a Junior Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps unit. ‘‘(C) Authority for Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps instructors to undertake school duties, in addition to Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps duties, at small schools. ‘‘(D) Authority for the payment of instruc-tor compensation for a limited number of Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps in-structors on a 10-month per year basis rather than a 12-month per year basis. ‘‘(E) Such other actions as the Secretaries of the military departments consider appro-priate. ‘‘(c) F
LEXIBILITY IN ALLOCATION AND USE OF  T
RAVEL FUNDING .—The Secretaries of the military departments shall take appropriate actions to provide so-called regional direc-tors of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs located at remote rural schools enhanced discretion in the allocation and use of funds for travel in connection with Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps activities. ‘‘(d) S
TANDARDIZATION OF PROGRAM DATA.— The Secretary of Defense shall take appro-priate actions to standardize the data col-lected and maintained on the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs in order to facilitate and enhance the collection and analysis of such data. Such actions shall in-clude a requirement for the use of the Na-tional Center for Education Statistics (NCES) identification code for each school with a unit under a Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in order to facilitate identification of such schools and their units under the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 102 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2034. Flexibility in authorities for manage-ment of programs and units.’’. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADDITIONAL UNITS.—The Secretaries of the military departments may, using amounts authorized to be appro-priated by this Act and available in the fund-ing tables in sections 4301 and 4401 for pur-poses of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Train-ing Corps programs, establish an aggregate of not more than 100 units under the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs in low-income and rural areas of the United States and areas of the United States cur-rently underserved by the Junior Reserve Of-ficers’ Training Corps programs. Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters PART I—DEFENSE DEPENDENTS’ EDUCATION MATTERS 
SEC. 561. CONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO AS-SIST LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-CIES THAT BENEFIT DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITHSIGNIFI -
CANT NUMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STU-
DENTS .—Of the amount authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $40,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local educational agencies under subsection (a) of section 572 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). (b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 7013(9) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)). 
SEC. 562. IMPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITH SE-VERE DISABILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 pursu-ant to section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $10,000,000 shall be available for pay-ments under section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–77; 20 U.S.C. 7703a). (b) U
SE OF CERTAIN AMOUNT .—Of the amount available under subsection (a) for payments as described in that subsection, $5,000,000 shall be available for such pay-ments to local educational agencies deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, in the discretion of the Secretary, to have higher concentrations of military children with se-vere disabilities. 
SEC. 563. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY POLICIES AND PROCE-DURES ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF STUDENTS OF ACTIVITY SCHOOLS. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF TITLE IX P ROTEC -
TIONS .—The provisions of title IX of the Edu-cation Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) (in this section referred to as ‘‘title IX’’) with respect to education programs or activities receiving Federal financial assist-ance shall apply equally to education pro-grams and activities administered by the De-partment of Defense Education Activity (DODEA). (b) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Department of De-fense Education Activity shall establish poli-cies and procedures to protect students at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3432 June 11, 2018 
schools of the Activity who are victims of sexual harassment. Such policies and proce-dures shall afford protections at least com-parable to the protections afforded under title IX. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The policies and procedures required by subsection (b) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) A policy addressing sexual harassment of students at the schools of the Department of Defense Education Activity that uses and incorporates terms, procedures, protections, investigation standards, and standards of evidence consistent with title IX. (2) A procedure by which— (A) a student of a school of the Activity, or a parent of such a student, may file a com-plaint with the school alleging an incident of sexual harassment at the school; and (B) such a student or parent may appeal the decision of the school regarding such complaint. (3) A procedure and mechanisms for the ap-pointment and training of, and allocation of responsibility to, a coordinator at each school of the Activity for sexual harassment matters involving students from the mili-tary community served by such school. (4) Training of employees of the Activity, and volunteers at schools of the Activity, on the policies and procedures. (5) Mechanisms for the broad distribution and display of the policy described in para-graph (1), including on the Internet website of the Activity and on Internet websites of schools of the Activity, in printed and online versions of student handbooks, and in bro-chures and flyers displayed on school bul-letin boards and in guidance counselor of-fices. (6) Reporting and recordkeeping require-ments designed to ensure that— (A) complaints of sexual harassment at schools of the Activity are handled— (i) with professionalism and consistency; and (ii) in a manner that permits coordinators referred to in paragraph (3) to track trends in incidents of sexual harassment and to identify repeat offenders of sexual harass-ment; and (B) appropriate members of the local lead-ership of military communities are held ac-countable for acting upon complaints of sex-ual harassment at schools of the Activity. PART II—MILITARY FAMILY READINESS MATTERS 
SEC. 566. IMPROVEMENT OF AUTHORITY TO CON-DUCT FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS FOR IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ASSIGNED TO SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
(a) C OSTS OF PARTICIPATION OF FAMILY  M
EMBERS IN PROGRAMS .—Section 1788a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), and (e) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) C
OSTS OF FAMILY MEMBER PARTICIPA -
TION.—In carrying out family support pro-grams under this section, the Commander may also pay, or reimburse immediate fam-ily members, for transportation, food, lodg-ing, child care, supplies, fees, and training materials in connection with the participa-tion of family members in such programs.’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Subsection (d) of such sec-tion, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1) of this section, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘up to $5,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘up to $10,000,000’’; and (2) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘, including payment of costs of par-ticipation in such programs as authorized by subsection (c)’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (3) of subsection (f) of such section, as so redes-ignated, is amended by striking ‘‘section 167(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 167(j)’’. SEC. 567. EXPANSION OF PERIOD OF AVAIL-ABILITY OF MILITARY ONESOURCE PROGRAM FOR RETIRED AND DIS-CHARGED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THEIR IMMEDIATE FAMILIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of Defense, the pe-riod of eligibility for the Military OneSource program of the Department of Defense of an eligible individual retired, discharged, or otherwise released from the Armed Forces, and for the eligible immediate family mem-bers of such an individual, shall be the one- year period beginning on the date of the re-tirement, discharge, or release, as applica-ble, of such individual. (b) I
NFORMATION TO FAMILIES .—The Sec- retary shall, in such manner as the Sec-retary considers appropriate, inform mili-tary families and families of veterans of the Armed Forces of the wide range of benefits available through the Military OneSource program. 
SEC. 568. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY FOR NON-COMPETITIVE APPOINTMENTS OF MILITARY SPOUSES BY FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) E XPANSION TOINCLUDE ALLSPOUSES OF  M
EMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ON ACTIVE  D
UTY.—Section 3330d of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraphs (3), (4), and (5); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (3); (2) by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .—The head of an agency may appoint noncompeti-tively— ‘‘(1) a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces on active duty; or ‘‘(2) a spouse of a disabled or deceased member of the Armed Forces.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c); and (4) in subsection (c), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(6)’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(3)’’. (b) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3330d. Appointment of military spouses’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 33 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 3330d and inserting the following new item: ‘‘3330d. Appointment of military spouses.’’. 
SEC. 569. IMPROVEMENT OF MY CAREER AD-VANCEMENT ACCOUNT PROGRAM FOR MILITARY SPOUSES. 
(a) O UTREACH ON AVAILABILITY OF PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate actions to ensure that military spouses who are eligible for partici-pation in the My Career Advancement Ac-count (MyCAA) program of the Department of Defense are, to the extent practicable, made aware of the program. (2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate regarding the following: (A) Mechanisms to increase awareness of the My Career Advancement Account pro-gram among military spouses who are eligi-ble to participate in the program. (B) Mechanisms to increase participation in the My Career Advancement Account pro-gram among military spouses who are eligi-ble to participate in the program. (b) TRAINING FOR INSTALLATION CAREER  C
OUNSELORS ON PROGRAM .—The Secretaries of the military departments shall take ap-propriate actions to ensure that career coun-selors at military installations receive ap-propriate training and current information on eligibility for and use of benefits under the My Career Advancement Account pro-gram, including financial assistance to cover costs associated with professional recertifi-cation, portability of occupational licenses, professional credential exams, and other mechanisms in connection with the port-ability of professional licenses. 
SEC. 570. ACCESS TO MILITARY INSTALLATIONS FOR CERTAIN SURVIVING SPOUSES AND OTHER NEXT OF KIN OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO DIE WHILE ON ACTIVE DUTY OR CERTAIN RESERVE DUTY. 
(a) P ROCEDURES FOR ACCESS OF SURVIVING  S
POUSES REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense, acting jointly with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall establish proce-dures by which an eligible surviving spouse may obtain unescorted access, as appro-priate, to military installations in order to receive benefits to which the eligible sur-viving spouse may be entitled by law or pol-icy. (b) E
LIGIBLE SURVIVING SPOUSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible surviving spouse’’ means an indi-vidual who— (A) is a surviving spouse of a member of the Armed Forces who dies while serving— (i) on active duty; or (ii) on such reserve duty as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security may jointly specify for purposes of this section; and (B) has guardianship of one or more de-pendent children of such member. (2) S
TATUS NOT EFFECTED BY REMARRIAGE .— An individual is an eligible surviving spouse for purposes of this section without regard to whether the individual remarries after the death of the member concerned. (c) P
ROCEDURES FOR ACCESS OF NEXT OF KIN A
UTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, acting jointly with the Secretary of Home-land Security, may establish procedures by which the next of kin of a deceased member of the Armed Forces, in addition to an eligi-ble surviving spouse, may obtain access to military installations for such purposes and under such conditions as the Secretaries jointly consider appropriate. (2) N
EXT OF KIN .—If the Secretaries estab-lish procedures pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretaries shall jointly specify the indi-viduals who shall constitute next of kin for purposes of such procedures. (d) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Any procedures es-tablished under this section shall— (1) be applied consistently across the De-partment of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security, including all compo-nents of the Departments; (2) minimize any administrative burden on a surviving spouse or dependent child, in-cluding through the elimination of any re-quirement for a surviving spouse to apply as a personal agent for continued access to military installations in accompaniment of a dependent child; (3) take into account measures required to ensure the security of military installations, including purpose and eligibility for access and renewal periodicity; and (4) take into account such other factors as the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Homeland Security considers appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3433 June 11, 2018 
(e) D EADLINE .—The procedures required by subsection (a) shall be established by the date that is not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 571. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY FAMILY READINESS COUNCIL MAT-TERS. 
(a) M EMBER MATTERS .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—Paragraph (1)(B) of sub-section (b) of section 1781a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘a member of the armed force to be represented’’ and in-serting ‘‘a member or civilian employee of the armed force to be represented’’; and (B) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following new clause (ii): ‘‘(ii) One representative, who shall be a member or civilian employee of the National Guard Bureau, to represent both the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard.’’. (2) T
ERMS .—Paragraph (2) of such sub-section is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘clauses (i) and (iii) of’’; and (ii) by striking the second sentence; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘three years’’ and inserting ‘‘two years’’. (b) D
UTIES .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘military family readiness by the Department of De-fense’’ and inserting ‘‘military family readi-ness programs and activities of the Depart-ment of Defense’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) To make recommendations to the Sec-retary of Defense to improve collaboration, awareness, and promotion of accurate and timely military family readiness informa-tion and support services by policy makers, service providers, and targeted bene-ficiaries.’’. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Subsection (e) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘Feb-ruary 1’’ and inserting ‘‘July 1’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF MEMBERSHIP AND TERM  
AMENDMENTS .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to members of the Department of Defense Military Family Readiness Council appointed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 572. MULTIDISCIPLINARY TEAMS FOR MILI-TARY INSTALLATIONS ON CHILD ABUSE AND OTHER DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE. 
(a) M ULTIDISCIPLINARY TEAMS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under regulations pre-scribed by each Secretary concerned, there shall be established and maintained for each military installation, except as provided in paragraph (2), one or more multidisciplinary teams on child abuse and other domestic vio-lence for the purposes specified in subsection (b). (2) S
INGLE TEAM FOR PROXIMATE INSTALLA -
TIONS .—A single multidiscipinary team de-scribed in paragraph (1) may be established and maintained under this subsection for two or more military installations in prox-imity with one another if the Secretary con-cerned determines, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, that a single team for such installations suffices to carry out the purposes of such teams under subsection (b) for such installations. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of each multi-disciplinary team maintained pursuant to subsection (a) shall be as follows: (1) To provide for the sharing of informa-tion among such team and other appropriate personnel on the installation or installations concerned regarding the progress of inves-tigations into and resolutions of incidents of child abuse and other domestic violence in-volving members of the Armed Forces sta-tioned at or otherwise assigned to the instal-lation or installations. (2) To provide for and enhance collabo-rative efforts among such team and other ap-propriate personnel of the installation or in-stallations regarding investigations into and resolutions of such incidents. (3) To enhance the social services available to military families at the installation or in-stallations in connection with such inci-dents, including through the enhancement of cooperation among specialists and other per-sonnel providing such services to such mili-tary families in connection with such inci-dents (4) To carry out such other duties regard-ing the response to child abuse and other do-mestic violence at the installation or instal-lations as the Secretary concerned considers appropriate for such purposes. (c) PERSONNEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each multidisciplinary team maintained pursuant to subsection (a) shall be composed of the following: (A) One or more judge advocates. (B) Appropriate personnel of one or more military criminal investigation services. (C) Appropriate mental health profes-sionals. (D) Appropriate medical personnel. (E) Family advocacy case workers. (F) Such other personnel as the Secretary or Secretaries concerned consider appro-priate. (2) E
XPERTISE AND TRAINING .—Any indi-vidual assigned to a multidisciplinary team shall possess such expertise, and shall under-take such training as is required to maintain such expertise, as the Secretary concerned shall specify for purposes of this section in order to ensure that members of the team re-main appropriately qualified to carry out the purposes of the team under this section. The training and expertise so specified shall in-clude training and expertise on special vic-tims’ crimes, including child abuse and other domestic violence. (d) C
OORDINATION AND COLLABORATION WITH N
ON-MILITARY RESOURCES .— (1) U
SE OF COMMUNITY RESOURCES SERVING  
INSTALLATIONS .—In providing under this sec-tion for a multidisciplinary team for a mili-tary installation or installations that ben-efit from services or resources on child abuse or other domestic violence that are provided by civilian entities in the vicinity of the in-stallation or installations, the Secretary concerned may take the availability of such services or resources to the installation or installations into account in providing for the composition and duties of the team. (2) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Secretaries con-cerned shall take appropriate actions to en-sure that multidisciplinary teams main-tained pursuant to subsection (a) remain fully and currently apprised of best practices in the civilian sector on investigations into and resolutions of incidents of child abuse and other domestic violence and on the so-cial services provided in connection with such incidents. (3) C
OLLABORATION .—In providing for the enhancement of social services available to military families in accordance with sub-section (b)(3), the Secretaries concerned shall permit, facilitate, and encourage mul-tidisciplinary teams to collaborate with ap-propriate civilian agencies in the vicinity of the military installations concerned with re-gard to availability, provision, and use of such services to and by such families. (e) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than March 1 of each of 2020 through 2022, each Secretary concerned shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the activities of multidisciplinary teams maintained pursuant to subsection (a) under the jurisdiction of such Secretary during the preceding year. Each report shall set forth, for the period covered by such report, the following: (1) A summary description of the activities of the multidisciplinary teams concerned, in-cluding the number and composition of such teams, the recurring activities of such teams, and any notable achievements of such teams. (2) A description of any impediments to the effectiveness of such teams. (3) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as such Secretary considers appropriate in order to improve the effectiveness of such teams. (4) Such other matters with respect to such teams as such Secretary considers appro-priate. (f) SECRETARY CONCERNED .— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. (2) U
SAGE WITH RESPECT TO MULTIPLE IN -
STALLATIONS .—For purposes of this section, any reference to ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ with respect to a single multidisciplinary team established and maintained pursuant to sub-section (a) for two or more military installa-tions that are under the jurisdiction of dif-ferent Secretaries concerned, shall be deemed to refer to each Secretary concerned who has jurisdiction of such an installation, acting jointly. 
SEC. 573. PROVISIONAL OR INTERIM CLEAR-ANCES TO PROVIDE CHILDCARE SERVICES AT MILITARY CHILDCARE CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall implement a policy to permit the issuance on a provisional or interim basis of clearances for the provision of childcare services at military childcare centers. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The policy required by sub-section (a) shall provide for the following: (1) Any clearance issued under the policy shall be temporary and contingent upon the satisfaction of such requirements for the issuance of a clearance on a permanent basis as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) Any individual issued a clearance on a provisional or interim basis under the policy shall be subject to such supervision in the provision of childcare services using such clearance as the Secretary considers appro-priate. (c) C
LEARANCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘clearance’’, with respect to an in-dividual and the provision of childcare serv-ices, means the formal approval of the indi-vidual, after appropriate background checks and other review, to provide childcare serv-ices to children at a military childcare cen-ter of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 574. PILOT PROGRAM ON PREVENTION OF CHILD ABUSE AND TRAINING ON SAFE CHILDCARE PRACTICES AMONG MILITARY FAMILIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Defense Health Agency, carry out a pilot program on uni-versal home visits for purposes of providing eligible covered beneficiaries and their fami-lies training on safe childcare practices aimed at reducing child abuse and fatalities due to abuse and neglect, assessments of risk factors for child abuse, and connections with community resources to meet identified needs. (2) S
COPE.—The pilot program shall be de-signed to facilitate connections between cov-ered beneficiaries and their families and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3434 June 11, 2018 
community resources (including existing re-sources provided by the Armed Forces). The pilot program, including the practices cov-ered by training pursuant to the pilot pro-gram, shall conform to evidence-based sci-entific criteria, including criteria available through publications in peer-reviewed sci-entific journals. (3) E
LEMENTS .—The pilot program shall in-clude the following: (A) Between one and three home visits, and not more than seven other contacts, except in unusual cases (such as deployments), with such home visits by a team led by a nurse, whenever practicable, to provide screening, community resource referral, and training to eligible covered beneficiaries and their fami-lies on the following: (i) General maternal and infant health. (ii) Safe sleeping environments. (iii) Feeding and bathing. (iv) Adequate supervision. (v) Common hazards. (vi) Self-care. (vii) Recognition of post-partum depres-sion, substance abuse, and domestic violence in a mother or her partner and community violence. (viii) Skills for management of infant cry-ing. (ix) Other positive parenting skills and practices. (x) The importance of participating in on-going healthcare for an infant and in ongo-ing healthcare for post-partum depression. (xi) Finding, qualifying for, and partici-pating in available community resources with respect to infant care, childcare, and parenting support. (xii) Planning for parenting or guardian-ship of children during deployment. (xiii) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (B) If a parent is deployed at the time of birth— (i) the first home visit pursuant to sub-paragraph (A) shall, to the extent prac-ticable, incorporate both parents, in person with the local parent and by electronic means (such as Skype or FaceTime) with the deployed parent; and (ii) another such home visit shall be con-ducted upon the return of the parent from deployment, and shall include both parents. (C) An electronic directory of community resources available to eligible covered bene-ficiaries and their families in order to assist teams described in subparagraph (A) in con-necting beneficiaries and families with such resources. (D) An electronic integrated data system to— (i) support teams in referring beneficiaries to the services and resources to be offered under subsection (c)(3) and track beneficiary usage; (ii) track interactions between teams de-scribed in subparagraph (A) and eligible beneficiaries and their families; and (iii) otherwise evaluate the implementa-tion and effectiveness of the pilot program. (b) M
ANDATORY PARTICIPATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall require all eligible covered beneficiaries at each instal-lation at which the pilot program is being conducted to be contacted by the pilot pro-gram under this section. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary shall en-courage participation by both parents of a child in the pilot program, but participation by one parent shall be sufficient to meet the requirement under paragraph (1). (c) A
VAILABLE SERVICES AND RESOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall offer services and resources to an eligi-ble covered beneficiary based on the par-ticular needs of the beneficiary and the bene-ficiary’s family. (2) VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Participa-tion by an eligible covered beneficiary and family in any service or resource offered under paragraph (1) shall be at the election of the beneficiary. (3) A
SSESSMENT OF ELIGIBLE COVERED BENE -
FICIARIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall conduct, or at-tempt to conduct, an assessment of every eli-gible covered beneficiary and beneficiary family participating in the pilot program, regardless of risk factors, to determine which services and resources to offer such beneficiary and family under paragraph (1). (B) P
ARTICULAR NEEDS .—In conducting an assessment of an eligible covered beneficiary and family under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall assess their needs and eligibility for particular services and resources and connect the beneficiary and family to serv-ices and resources for which they have a need and are eligible, either within the De-partment of Defense or elsewhere. (d) I
NVOLVEMENT OF MEDICAL STAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the pilot program under this sec-tion is conducted by licensed medical staff of the Department of Defense and not family advocacy staff. (2) H
OME VISITS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the pilot program includes the fol-lowing: (i) An initial contact made prenatally (ex-cept when not possible, in which case the contact shall occur as soon after birth as possible) by a team described in subsection (a)(3)(A), which shall include screening for the matters specified in that subsection. (ii) Home visits by a nurse or other li-censed medical professional trained in the practices covered by the program at the birth of a child, which visits shall follow a research-based structured clinical protocol and include use of the electronic integrated data described in subsection (a)(3)(D). (B) T
IMING OF VISITS .—The first visits under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall occur be-tween two and five weeks after hospital dis-charge with appropriate follow-up generally accomplished within two home visits. (C) D
URATION OF VISITS .—Visits under this paragraph shall have a duration between 90 minutes and 2 hours. (D) F
INAL VISIT .—Not later than 45 days after the last visit conducted by a nurse under subparagraph (A)(ii) with respect to an eligible covered beneficiary, appropriate staff shall follow-up with the beneficiary and the beneficiary’s family to assess if they are using the services recommended under sub-section (c). (e) I
MPLEMENTATION ASSESSMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out not fewer than five implementation as-sessments in accordance with this subsection in order to assess the effectiveness of the ele-ments and requirements of the pilot pro-gram. (2) S
CHEDULE .—The implementation assess-ment required by this subsection shall be completed by not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) L
OCATIONS .—The implementation as-sessments shall be carried out at not less than five military installations selected by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection. In selecting such installations, the Secretary shall select installations representing a range of circumstances, including installa-tions in an urban location and a rural loca-tion, installations with a large population and with a small population, installations currently experiencing high incidence of child abuse, neglect, or both and low inci-dence of child abuse, neglect, or both, instal-lations with a hospital or clinic and without a hospital or clinic, joint installations, and installations serving only one Armed Force. (4) ASSESSMENT .—In carrying out the im-plementation assessments, the Secretary shall seek to obtain an assessment of each of the following: (A) The ability of nurses or other licensed medical professionals to contact families eli-gible for participation in the pilot program. (B) The extent to which families eligible for participation in the program actually participate in the pilot program. (C) The ability of medical personnel to ad-here to the clinical protocols of the pilot program. (D) The extent to which families partici-pating in the pilot program are being con-nected to services and resources under the pilot program. (E) The extent to which families partici-pating in the pilot program are using serv-ices and resources under the pilot program. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program to be carried out pursuant to this section. The report shall include a com-prehensive description of each implementa-tion assessment to be carried out pursuant to subsection (e), including— (A) the installation at which such imple-mentation assessment is being carried out; (B) a justification for the selection of such installation for purposes of subsection (e); and (C) the elements and requirements of the pilot program being carried out through such implementation assessment, including strat-egy and metrics for evaluating effectiveness. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the commit-tees specified in paragraph (1) a report on the pilot program. The report shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive description and as-sessment of each of the implementation as-sessments under subsection (e). (B) A comprehensive description and as-sessment of the pilot program. (C) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of pilot pro-gram, including recommendations for modi-fications of the pilot program or extension of the pilot program on an permanent basis at additional locations. (g) I
MPLEMENTATION DEFENSE -WIDE.—If the Secretary determines as a result of the pilot program that any element of the pilot pro-gram is effective, the Secretary shall take appropriate actions to implement the pilot program as a program throughout and across the military installations of the Depart-ment. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘community’’, with respect to a military installation, means the catchment area for community services of the installation, including services provided on the installation and services provided by State, county, and local jurisdictions in which the installation is located or in the vi-cinity of the installation. (2) The term ‘‘eligible covered beneficiary’’ means a covered beneficiary (as that term is defined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code) who obtains pre-natal and ob-stetrical care in a military medical treat-ment facility in connection with a birth cov-ered by the pilot program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3435 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 575. PILOT PROGRAM ON PARTICIPATION OF MILITARY SPOUSES IN TRANSI-TION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall carry out a pilot pro-gram to assess the feasability and advis-ability of permitting military spouses to participate in activities under the Transition Assistance Program (TAP) under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, on military installations. (b) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at not fewer than five military installations selected by the Sec-retary for purposes of the pilot program. (c) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program during the five-year period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (d) P
ARTICIPATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under the pilot program, the spouse of a member of the Armed Forces assigned to a military installation at which the pilot program is carried out who is par-ticipating in activities under the Transition Assistance Program may participate in such activities under the Program as the spouse considers appropriate, regardless of whether the member is also participating in such ac-tivities at the time of the spouse’s participa-tion. (2) A
DEQUATE FACILITIES .—The Secretary shall ensure that the facilities for the car-rying out of activities under the Transition Assistance Program at each installation at which the pilot program is carried out are adequate to permit the participation in such activities of any spouse of a member of the Armed Forces at the installation who seeks to participate in such activities. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program, including a comprehen-sive description of the pilot program. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than six months after the completion of the pilot pro-gram, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. The report shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive description of the pilot program, including the installations at which the pilot program was carried out and the rates of participation of military spouses in activities under the Transition Assistance Program pursuant to the pilot program. (B) Such recommendations for extension or expansion of the pilot program, including making the pilot program permanent, as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program. 
SEC. 576. SMALL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES OF MILI-TARY SPOUSES ON MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT OF SMALL BUSINESS ACTIVI -
TIES.—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth an assess-ment of the feasibility and advisability of permitting military spouses to engage in small business activities on military instal-lations in the United States and in partner-ship with commissaries, exchange stores, and other morale, welfare, and recreation facili-ties of the Armed Forces in the United States. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment shall— (1) take into account the usage by military spouses of installation facilities, utilities, and other resources in the conduct of small business activities on military installations in the United States and such other matters in connection with the conduct of such busi-ness activities by military spouses as the Secretary considers appropriate; and (2) seek to identify mechanisms to ensure that costs and fees associated with the usage by military spouses of such facilities, utili-ties, and other resources in connection with such business activities does not meaning-fully curtail or eliminate the opportunity for military spouses to profit reasonably from such business activities. Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards SEC. 581. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF THE DISTINGUISHED SERVICE CROSS FOR JUSTIN T. GALLEGOS FOR ACTS OF VALOR DURING OPERATION EN-DURING FREEDOM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the Distinguished Service Cross under section 3742 of such title to Jus-tin T. Gallegos for the acts of valor during Operation Enduring Freedom described in subsection (b). (b) A
CTION DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the actions of Justin T. Gallegos on October 3, 2009, while serving in the grade of Staff Sergeant in Afghanistan while serving with B Troop, 3d Squadron, 61st Cavalry Regiment, 4th Bri-gade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division. 
SEC. 582. AWARD OF MEDALS OR OTHER COM-MENDATIONS TO HANDLERS OF MILITARY WORKING DOGS. 
(a) P ROGRAM OF AWARD REQUIRED .—Each Secretary of a military department shall carry out a program to provide for the award of one or more medals or other commenda-tions to handlers of military working dogs under the jurisdiction of such Secretary to recognize valor or meritorious achievement by such handlers and dogs. (b) M
EDALS AND COMMENDATIONS .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) shall be of such design, and include such elements, as the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify. (c) P
RESENTATION AND ACCEPTANCE .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) may be pre-sented to and accepted by the handler con-cerned on behalf of the handler and the mili-tary working dog concerned. (d) R
EGULATIONS .—Medals and commenda-tions shall be awarded under programs under subsection (a) in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section. Subtitle H—Other Matters 
SEC. 591. AUTHORITY TO AWARD DAMAGED PER-SONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT TO MEMBERS SEPARATING FROM THE ARMED FORCES AND VETERANS AS MEMENTOS OF MILITARY SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 152 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2568a. Damaged personal protective equip-ment: award to members separating from the armed forces and veterans ‘‘The Secretary of a military department may award to a member of the armed forces under the jurisdiction of the Secretary who is separating from the armed forces, and to any veteran formerly under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, demilitarizied personal pro-tective equipment (PPE) of the member or veteran that was damaged in combat or oth-erwise during the deployment of the member or veteran. The award of equipment under this section shall be without cost to the member or veteran concerned.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 152 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2568a. Damaged personal protective equip-ment: award to members sepa-rating from the armed forces and veterans.’’. 
SEC. 592. STANDARDIZATION OF FREQUENCY OF ACADEMY VISITS OF THE AIR FORCE ACADEMY BOARD OF VISITORS WITH ACADEMY VISITS OF BOARDS OF OTHER MILITARY SERVICE ACAD-EMIES. 
Section 9355 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (d) and in-serting the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) The Board shall visit the Academy an-nually. With the approval of the Secretary of the Air Force, the Board or its members may make other visits to the Academy in connec-tion with the duties of the Board or to con-sult with the Superintendent of the Acad-emy. Board members shall have access to the Academy grounds and the cadets, faculty, staff, and other personnel of the Academy for the purposes of the duties of the Board.’’. 
SEC. 593. REDESIGNATION OF THE COMMANDANT OF THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY AS THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Section 9314b(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection heading, by striking ‘‘C
OMMANDANT ’’ and inserting ‘‘P RESIDENT ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Commandant’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘President’’; and (3) in the heading of paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘
COMMANDANT ’’ and inserting ‘‘
PRESIDENT ’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Commandant of the United States Air Force Institute of Technology shall be deemed to be a reference to the President of the United States Air Force Institute of Technology. 
SEC. 594. LIMITATION ON JUSTIFICATIONS EN-TERED BY MILITARY RECRUITERS FOR ENLISTMENT OR ACCESSION OF INDIVIDUALS INTO THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In any case in which a database or system maintained by an Armed Force regarding the reasons why individuals elect to enlist or access into the Armed Force provides for military recruiters to se-lect among pre-specified options for reasons for such election, military recruiters enter-ing data into such database or system may select only among such pre-specified options as reasons for the enlistment or accession of any particular individual. (b) M
ILITARY RECRUITER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘military recruiter’’ means a person who as the duty to recruit persons into the Armed Forces for military service. 
SEC. 595. NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MILITARY, NATIONAL, AND PUBLIC SERVICE MATTERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 551(c) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2130) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘United States Code)’’ the following: ‘‘or ac-tive status (as that term is defined in sub-section (d)(4) of such section)’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘national service’’’ and inserting ‘‘‘public service’’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or State Government’’ and inserting ‘‘, State, Tribal, or local govern-ment’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘public service’’’ and in-serting ‘‘‘national service’’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3436 June 11, 2018 
(B) by striking ‘‘employment’’ and insert-ing ‘‘participation’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The term ‘establishment date’ means September 19, 2017.’’. (b) E
XCEPTION TO PAPERWORK REDUCTION  A
CT.—Section 555(e) of that Act (130 Stat. 2134) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACT .—For pur- poses of developing its recommendations, the information collection of the Commission may be treated as a pilot project under sec-tion 3505(a) of title 44, United States Code. In addition, the Commission shall not be sub-ject to the requirements of section 3506(c)(2)(A) of such title.’’. 
SEC. 596. BURIAL OF UNCLAIMED REMAINS OF INMATES AT THE UNITED STATES DISCIPLINARY BARRACKS CEME-TERY, FORT LEAVENWORTH, KAN-SAS. 
Section 985 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘A person who is ineligible’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided in subsection (c), a person who is ineli-gible’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) U
NCLAIMED REMAINS OF MILITARY  P
RISONERS .—Subsection (b) shall not pre-clude the burial at the United States Dis-ciplinary Barracks Cemetery at Fort Leav-enworth, Kansas, of a military prisoner, in-cluding a military prisoner who is a person described in section 2411(b) of title 38, who dies while in custody of a military depart-ment and whose remains are not claimed by the person authorized to direct disposition of the remains or by other persons legally au-thorized to dispose of the remains.’’. 
SEC. 597. SPACE-AVAILABLE TRAVEL ON DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AIRCRAFT FOR VETERANS WITH SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES RATED AS TOTAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 2641b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) Subject to subsection (f), veterans with a permanent service-connected dis-ability rated as total.’’. (b) C
ONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) V
ETERANS WITH SERVICE -CONNECTED  D
ISABILITIES RATED AS TOTAL .—(1) Travel may not be provided under this section to a veteran eligible for travel pursuant to sub-section (c)(4) in priority over any member el-igible for travel under subsection (c)(1) or any dependent of such a member eligible for travel under this section. ‘‘(2) The authority in subsection (c)(4) may not be construed as affecting or in any way imposing on the Department of Defense, any armed force, or any commercial company with which they contract an obligation or expectation that they will retrofit or alter, in any way, military aircraft or commercial aircraft, or related equipment or facilities, used or leased by the Department or such armed force to accommodate passengers pro-vided travel under such authority on account of disability. ‘‘(3) The authority in subsection (c)(4) may not be construed as preempting the author-ity of a flight commander to determine who boards the aircraft and any other matters in connection with safe operation of the air-craft.’’. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances SEC. 601. FISCAL YEAR 2019 INCREASE IN MILI-TARY BASIC PAY. 
(a) W AIVER OF SECTION 1009 A DJUSTMENT .— The adjustment to become effective during fiscal year 2019 required by section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, in the rates of monthly basic pay authorized members of the uniformed services shall not be made. (b) I
NCREASE IN BASIC PAY.—Effective on January 1, 2019, the rates of monthly basic pay for members of the uniformed services are increased by 2.6 percent. 
SEC. 602. REPEAL OF AUTHORITY FOR PAYMENT OF PERSONAL MONEY ALLOWANCES TO NAVY OFFICERS SERVING IN CERTAIN POSITIONS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 414 of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on December 31, 2018, and shall apply with re-spect to personal money allowances payable under section 414 of title 37, United States Code, for years beginning after that date. 
SEC. 603. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROPOSAL FOR A PAY TABLE FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES USING STEPS IN GRADE BASED ON TIME IN GRADE RATHER THAN TIME IN SERVICE. 
(a) P ROPOSAL REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a proposal for a pay table for members of the Armed Forces that uses steps in grade for each pay grade based on time of service within such pay grade rather than on time of service in the Armed Forces as a whole. (b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT .— Not later than April 1, 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth an assessment by the Comptroller General of the proposed pay table required pursuant to subsection (a), in-cluding an assessment of the effects of using the proposed pay table, rather than the cur-rent pay table for members of the Armed Forces, on recruitment and retention of members of the Armed Forces as a whole and on recruitment and retention of members of the Armed Forces with particular sets of skills (including cyber and other technical skills). 
SEC. 604. FINANCIAL SUPPORT FOR LESSORS UNDER THE MILITARY HOUSING PRIVATIZATION INITIATIVE DURING 2019. 
(a) S UPPORT AUTHORIZED .—Subject to sub-section (c), for each month during 2019, the Secretary of Defense may pay to a lessor of covered housing up to 2 percent of the amount calculated under section 403(b)(3)(A)(i) of title 37, United States Code, for the area in which the covered housing ex-ists for each member to whom such lessor leases covered housing for such month. (b) C
OVERED HOUSING .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered housing’’ means a unit of housing— (1) acquired or constructed under the alter-native authority of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code (known as the Military Housing Privatization Initia-tive); (2) that is leased to a member of a uni-formed service who resides in such unit; and (3) for which the lessor charges such mem-ber rent that equals or exceeds the amount calculated under section 403(b)(3)(A) of title 37, United States Code. (c) SUPPORT CONTINGENT ON NOTICE TO CON-
GRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not make payments to a lessor for particular covered housing in 2019 authorized by sub-section (a) until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a notice on such payments. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The notice on payments to a lessor for particular covered housing in 2019 for purposes of paragraph (1) shall in-clude the following: (A) A documented request from the lessor for additional funding in connection with such housing and endorsed by the com-mander of the military installation con-cerned. (B) A description of the formula to be used by the Secretary to calculate the amount of such payments. (C) A description of the current financial condition of the lessor in connection with such housing, including the following: (i) The current debt coverage ratio of the lessor for such housing. (ii) An assessment of the lessor’s ability to fund future sustainment costs for such hous-ing in the absence of payments as described in subsection (a). (iii) An assessment of whether any earn-ings for the lessor from other covered hous-ing, if any, can offset predicted shortfalls in funding for such housing. (D) An assessment of the effects, if any, of recent reductions in basic allowance for housing on the financial viability of such housing for the lessor. (E) A plan to ensure the long-term finan-cial stability of such housing. (F) A recommendation whether the con-tract between the lessor and government for such housing area should be retained with-out modification, or modified, to ensure long-term financial viability of such hous-ing. 
SEC. 605. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF PRESIDENT TO DETERMINE ALTER-NATIVE PAY ADJUSTMENT IN AN-NUAL BASIC PAY OF MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION .—Section 1009(e) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or serious economic conditions affecting the general welfare’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and— (1) if the date of the enactment of this Act occurs before September 1 of a year, shall apply with respect to plans for alternative pay adjustments for any year beginning after such year; and (2) if the date of the enactment of this Act occurs after August 31 of a year, shall apply with respect to plans for alternative pay ad-justments for any year beginning after the year following such year. 
SEC. 606. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS FOR HIGH-DEPLOYMENT ALLOWANCE FOR LENGTHY OR NU-MEROUS DEPLOYMENTS AND FRE-QUENT MOBILIZATIONS. 
Section 436(a)(2)(C)(ii) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘under’’ the first place it appears the fol-lowing: ‘‘section 12304b of title 10 or’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3437 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 607. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS FOR NONREDUCTION IN PAY WHILE SERVING IN THE UNI-FORMED SERVICES OR NATIONAL GUARD. 
Section 5538(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting after ‘‘under’’ the following: ‘‘section 12304b of title 10 or’’. 
SEC. 608. TEMPORARY ADJUSTMENT IN RATE OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING FOLLOWING IDENTIFICATION OF SIGNIFICANT UNDERDETERMINA-TION OF CIVILIAN HOUSING COSTS FOR HOUSING AREAS. 
Section 403(b) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8)(A) Under the authority of this para-graph, the Secretary of Defense may pre-scribe a temporary adjustment in the cur-rent rates of basic allowance for housing for a military housing area or portion of a mili-tary housing area if the Secretary deter-mines that the actual costs of adequate housing for civilians in that military hous-ing area or portion thereof differ from such current rates of basic allowance for housing by an amount in excess of 20 percent of such current rates of basic allowance for housing. ‘‘(B) Any temporary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing under this para-graph shall remain in effect only until the next annual adjustment in rates of basic al-lowance for housing under this subsection by law. ‘‘(C) This paragraph shall cease to be effec-tive on December 31, 2019.’’. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive Pays 
SEC. 611. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN EX-PIRING BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORITIES. 
(a) A UTHORITIES RELATING TO TITLE 37 C ON-
SOLIDATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND B
ONUS AUTHORITIES .—The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2019’’: (1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus authority for enlisted members. (2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus authority for officers. (3) Section 334(i), relating to special avia-tion incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers. (4) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. (5) Section 336(g), relating to contracting bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. (6) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous duty pay. (7) Section 352(g), relating to assignment pay or special duty pay. (8) Section 353(i), relating to skill incen-tive pay or proficiency bonus. (9) Section 355(h), relating to retention in-centives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. (b) A
UTHORITIES RELATING TORESERVE  F
ORCES .—Section 910(g) of title 37, United States Code, relating to income replacement payments for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobili-zation for active duty service, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (c) T
ITLE 10 A UTHORITIES RELATING TO  H
EALTH CAREPROFESSIONALS .—The following sections of title 10, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’: (1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse of-ficer candidate accession program. (2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment of education loans for certain health profes-sionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. (d) AUTHORITIES RELATING TO NUCLEAR OF-
FICERS .—Section 333(i) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (e) A
UTHORITY TO PROVIDE TEMPORARY IN-
CREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR  H
OUSING .—Section 403(b)(7)(E) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2019’’. Subtitle C—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and Survivor Benefits 
SEC. 621. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS IN CAL-CULATION AND PUBLICATION OF SPECIAL SURVIVOR INDEMNITY AL-LOWANCE COST OF LIVING ADJUST-MENTS. 
(a) M ONTHS FOR WHICH ADJUSTMENT APPLI-
CABLE .—Paragraph (2) of section 1450(m) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘De-cember’’ and inserting ‘‘November’’; and (2) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘for months during any calendar year after 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for months after November 2018’’. (b) C
OST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—Para- graph (6) of such section is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
AFTER 2018 ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AFTER NOVEMBER  
2018’’; and (2) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following new subpara-graphs: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever retired pay is increased for a month under section 1401a of this title (or any other provision of law), the amount of the allowance payable under para-graph (1) for that month shall also be in-creased. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT OF INCREASE .—With respect to an eligible survivor of a member of the uni-formed services, the increase for a month shall be— ‘‘(i) the amount payable pursuant to para-graph (2) for months during the preceding 12- month period; plus ‘‘(ii) an amount equal to a percentage of the amount determined pursuant to clause (i), which percentage is the percentage by which the retired pay of the member would have increased for the month, as described in subparagraph (A), if the member was alive (and otherwise entitled to such pay). ‘‘(C) R
OUNDING DOWN .—The monthly amount of an allowance payable under this subsection, if not a multiple of $1, shall be rounded to the next lower multiple of $1. ‘‘(D) P
UBLIC NOTICE ON AMOUNT OF ALLOW -
ANCE PAYABLE .—Whenever an increase in the amount of the allowance payable under para-graph (1) is made pursuant to this paragraph, the Secretary of Defense shall publish the amount of the allowance so payable by rea-son of such increase, including the months for which payable.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on De-cember 1, 2018. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 631. RATES OF PER DIEM FOR LONG-TERM TEMPORARY DUTY ASSIGNMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT ON COST-BENEFIT ANALYSIS OF  N
OVEMBER 2014 C HANGE OF POLICY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth an analysis, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the costs and benefits of the change in policy of the Department of Defense on rates of per diem for long-term temporary duty assign-ments that took effect on November 1, 2014. The study shall be consistent with the prin-ciples and requirements of Office of Manage-ment and Budget Circular A–94. (2) ELEMENT ASSESSING COST -BENEFIT .—The report under paragraph (1) shall specify, in particular, whether or not the benefits of the change in policy described in that paragraph have outweighed and will continue to out-weigh the costs of the change of policy. (b) C
ONTINGENT REVERSION TO PRIOR POL-
ICY.— (1) L
ACK OF REPORT .—If the report required by subsection (a)(1) is not submitted to the committees of Congress referred to in that subsection by the contingency date, effective as of the contingency date, the policy of the Department on rates of per diem for long- term temporary duty assignments shall be the policy as in effect as of October 31, 2014. (2) F
INDING OF COSTS OUTWEIGHING BENE -
FITS.—If the specification in the report as re-quired by subsection (a)(2) is that the bene-fits of the change in policy described in sub-section (a)(1) have not outweighed or will not continue to outweigh the costs of the change of policy, effective as of the date of the re-port, the policy of the Department on rates of per diem for long-term temporary duty as-signments shall be the policy as in effect as of October 31, 2014. (3) C
ONTINGENCY DATE DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘contingency date’’ means the date that is 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 632. PROHIBITION ON PER DIEM ALLOW-ANCE REDUCTIONS BASED ON THE DURATION OF TEMPORARY DUTY AS-SIGNMENT OR CIVILIAN TRAVEL. 
(a) M EMBERS .—Section 474(d)(3) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary of a military department shall not alter the amount of the per diem allowance, or the maximum amount of reimbursement, for a locality based on the duration of the temporary duty assignment in the locality of a member of the armed forces under the ju-risdiction of the Secretary.’’. (b) C
IVILIAN EMPLOYEES .—Section 5702(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sen-tence: ‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall not alter the amount of the per diem allowance, or the maximum amount of reimbursement, for a locality based on the duration of the travel in the locality of an employee of the Department.’’. (c) R
EPEALS .— (1) E
XISTING POLICY AND REGULATIONS .—The policy, and any regulations issued pursuant to such policy, implemented by the Sec-retary of Defense on November 1, 2014, with respect to reductions in per diem allowances based on duration of temporary duty assign-ment or civilian travel shall have no force or effect. (2) A
TTEMPTED STATUTORY FIX .—Section 672 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 37 U.S.C. 474 note; 130 Stat. 2178) is repealed. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits 
SEC. 701. CONSOLIDATION OF COST-SHARING RE-QUIREMENTS UNDER TRICARE SE-LECT AND TRICARE PRIME. 
(a) TRICARE S ELECT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1075 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking para-graphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) With respect to beneficiaries in the ac-tive-duty family member category or the re-tired category other than beneficiaries de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B), the cost-sharing requirements shall be calculated pursuant to subsection (d)(1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3438 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(2)(A) With respect to beneficiaries de-scribed in subparagraph (B) in the active- duty family member category or the retired category, the cost-sharing requirements shall be calculated as if the beneficiary were enrolled in TRICARE Extra or TRICARE Standard as if TRICARE Extra or TRICARE Standard, as the case may be, were still being carried out by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) Beneficiaries described in this sub-paragraph are the following beneficiaries: ‘‘(i) Retired members and the family mem-bers of such retired members covered by sec-tion 1086(c)(1) of this title by reason of being retired under chapter 61 of this title or being a dependent of such a retired member. ‘‘(ii) Survivors covered by section 1086(c)(2) of this title.’’; (B) by striking subsection (e); and (C) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respec-tively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (d)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘, and the amounts specified under para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (e),’’. (b) TRICARE P
RIME.—Section 1075a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) With respect to beneficiaries in the ac-tive-duty family member category or the re-tired category (as described in section 1075(b)(1) of this title) other than bene-ficiaries described in paragraph (3)(B), the cost-sharing requirements shall be cal-culated pursuant to subsection (b)(1).’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-graph (B) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Beneficiaries described in this sub-paragraph are the following beneficiaries: ‘‘(i) Retired members and the family mem-bers of such retired members covered by sec-tion 1086(c)(1) of this title by reason of being retired under chapter 61 of this title or being a dependent of such a retired member. ‘‘(ii) Survivors covered by section 1086(c)(2) of this title.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 702. ADMINISTRATION OF TRICARE DENTAL PLANS THROUGH THE FEDERAL EM-PLOYEES DENTAL INSURANCE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY OF ADDITIONAL BENE-
FICIARIES UNDER THE FEDERAL EMPLOYEES  D
ENTAL INSURANCE PROGRAM .—Section 8951(8) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘1076c’’ and inserting ‘‘1076a or 1076c’’. (b) A
DMINISTRATION OF TRICARE D ENTAL  P
LANS .—Subsection (b) of section 1076a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATION OF PLANS .—The plans established under this section shall be ad-ministered by the Secretary of Defense through an agreement with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to allow persons described in subsection (a) to enroll in an insurance plan under chapter 89A of title 5, in accordance with terms prescribed by the Secretary, including terms, to the ex-tent practical, as defined by the Director through regulation, consistent with sub-section (d) and, to the extent practicable in relation to such chapter 89A, other provi-sions of this section.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to the first contract year for chapter 89A of title 5, United States Code, that begins on or after January 1, 2022. (d) T
RANSITION .—To ensure the successful transition of programs, in carrying out the TRICARE dental program under section 1076a of title 10, United States Code, the Sec-retary of Defense shall ensure that the con-tractor for such program provides claims in-formation under such program to carriers providing dental coverage under chapter 89A of title 5, United States Code. SEC. 703. CONTRACEPTION COVERAGE PARITY UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1074d(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(including all methods of contra-ception approved by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, contraceptive care (including with respect to insertion, removal, and fol-low up), sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling in connection therewith)’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON COST-SHARING FOR CER-
TAIN SERVICES .— (1) TRICARE 
SELECT .—Section 1075(c) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) For all beneficiaries under this sec-tion, there is no cost-sharing for any method of contraception provided by a network pro-vider.’’. (2) TRICARE 
PRIME .—Section 1075a(b) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) For all beneficiaries under this sec-tion, there is no cost-sharing for any method of contraception provided by a network pro-vider.’’. (3) P
HARMACY BENEFITS PROGRAM .—Section 1074g(a)(6) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A) and (B), there is no cost-sharing for any pre-scription contraceptive on the uniform for-mulary provided by a network retail phar-macy provider or the mail order pharmacy program.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 704. PILOT PROGRAM ON OPIOID MANAGE-MENT IN THE MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Health Agency shall implement a comprehensive pilot program to minimize early opioid expo-sure in beneficiaries under the TRICARE program and to prevent progression to mis-use or abuse of opioid medications. (2) O
PIOID SAFETY ACROSS CONTINUUM OF  
CARE .—The pilot program shall include ele-ments to maximize opioid safety across the entire continuum of care consisting of pa-tient, physician or dentist, and pharmacist. (b) E
LEMENTS OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The pilot program shall include the following: (1) Identification of potential opioid mis-use or abuse in pharmacies of military treat-ment facilities, retail network pharmacies, and the home delivery pharmacy and trans-mission of alerts regarding such potential mistreatment to opioid prescribing physi-cians or dentists. (2) Direct engagement with, education for, and management of beneficiaries under the TRICARE program to help such beneficiaries avoid opioid misuse or abuse. (3) Provision of in-home disposal kits to deactivate excess opioids and prevent unau-thorized use. (4) Proactive outreach by specialist phar-macists to such beneficiaries when identi-fying potential opioid misuse or abuse. (5) Monitoring of such beneficiaries through the use of predictive analytics to identify the potential for abuse and addic-tion before such beneficiaries begin an opioid prescription. (6) Detection of fraud, waste, and abuse. (c) REPORT ON PILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days before completion of the pilot program, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that describes the conduct of the pilot pro-gram. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the pilot program, in-cluding outcome measures developed to de-termine the overall effectiveness of the pilot program. (B) A description of the ability of the pilot program to identify opioid misuse and abuse among beneficiaries under the TRICARE pro-gram in each pharmacy venue of the phar-macy program of the military health system. (C) A description of the impact of the use of predictive analytics to monitor such bene-ficiaries to identify the potential for opioid abuse and addiction before such beneficiaries begin an opioid prescription. (D) A description of any reduction in the misuse or abuse of opioid medications among such beneficiaries as a result of the pilot pro-gram. (d) D
URATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Director shall carry out the pilot program for a period of not more than three years. (2) E
XPANSION .—The Director may imple-ment the pilot program on a permanent basis if the Director determines that the pilot pro-gram successfully reduces early opioid expo-sure in beneficiaries under the TRICARE program and prevents progression to misuse or abuse of opioid medications. (e) TRICARE P
ROGRAM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 705. PILOT PROGRAM ON TREATMENT OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOR POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DIS-ORDER RELATED TO MILITARY SEX-UAL TRAUMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of using inten-sive outpatient programs to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from post- traumatic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for substance abuse, depression, and other issues related to such conditions. (b) D
ISCHARGE THROUGH PARTNERSHIPS .— The pilot program authorized by subsection (a) shall be carried out through partnerships with public, private, and non-profit health care organizations and institutions that— (1) provide health care to members of the Armed Forces; (2) provide evidence-based treatment for psychological and neurological conditions that are common among members of the Armed Forces, including post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, sub-stance abuse, and depression; (3) provide health care, support, and other benefits to family members of members of the Armed Forces; and (4) provide health care under the TRICARE program (as that term is defined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code). (c) P
ROGRAM ACTIVITIES .—Each organiza-tion or institution that participates in a partnership under the pilot program author-ized by subsection (a) shall— (1) carry out intensive outpatient pro-grams of short duration to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from post-trau-matic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for sub-stance abuse, depression, and other issues re-lated to such conditions; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3439 June 11, 2018 
(2) use evidence-based and evidence-in-formed treatment strategies in carrying out such programs; (3) share clinical and outreach best prac-tices with other organizations and institu-tions participating in the pilot program; and (4) annually assess outcomes for members of the Armed Forces individually and among the organizations and institutions partici-pating in the pilot program with respect to the treatment of conditions described in paragraph (1). (d) E
VALUATION METRICS .—Before com-mencement of the pilot program, the Sec-retary shall establish metrics to be used to evaluate the effectiveness of the pilot pro-gram and the activities under the pilot pro-gram. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program authorized by subsection (a). The report shall include a description of the pilot program and such other matters on the pilot program as the Secretary considers ap-propriate. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the cessation of the pilot program under subsection (f), the Secretary shall sub-mit to the committees of Congress referred to in paragraph (1) a report on the pilot pro-gram. The report shall include the following: (A) A description of the pilot program, in-cluding the partnership under the pilot pro-gram as described in subsection (b). (B) An assessment of the effectiveness of the pilot program and the activities under the pilot program. (C) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program, including recommendations for ex-tension or making permanent the authority for the pilot program. (f) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may not carry out the pilot program authorized by subsection (a) after the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 711. IMPROVEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION OF DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY AND MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FA-CILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1073c of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) In addition to the responsibilities set forth in paragraph (1), the Director of the Defense Health Agency shall have the au-thority— ‘‘(A) to direct, control, and serve as the primary rater of the performance of com-manders or directors of military medical treatment facilities; ‘‘(B) to direct and control any inter-mediary organizations between the Defense Health Agency and military medical treat-ment facilities; ‘‘(C) to determine the scope of medical care provided at each military medical treatment facility to meet the military personnel read-iness requirements of the senior military operational commander of the military in-stallation; ‘‘(D) to determine total workforce require-ments at each military medical treatment facility; ‘‘(E) to direct joint manning at military medical treatment facilities and inter-mediary organizations; ‘‘(F) to establish training and skills sustainment venues for military medical personnel; ‘‘(G) to address personnel staffing short-ages at military medical treatment facili-ties; and ‘‘(H) to approve service nominations for commanders or directors of military medical treatment facilities.’’. (b) COMBAT SUPPORT RESPONSIBILITIES .— Subsection (d)(2) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(C) Ensuring that the Defense Health Agency meets the military personnel readi-ness requirements of the senior military operational commanders of the military in-stallations.’’. 
SEC. 712. ORGANIZATIONAL FRAMEWORK OF THE MILITARY HEALTHCARE SYSTEM TO SUPPORT MEDICAL REQUIREMENTS OF THE COMBATANT COMMANDS. 
(a) O RGANIZATIONAL FRAMEWORK RE-
QUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall, act-ing through the Director of the Defense Health Agency, implement an organizational framework for the military healthcare sys-tem that most effectively implements chap-ter 55 of title 10, United States Code, in a manner that maximizes interoperability and fully integrates medical capabilities of the Armed Forces in order to enhance joint mili-tary medical operations in support of re-quirements of the combatant commands. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) C
OMMENCEMENT .—Implementation of the organizational framework required by subsection (a) shall commence not later than October 1, 2018. (2) P
HASED IMPLEMENTATION .—Implementa-tion of the organizational framework may occur in phases, as considered appropriate by the Director. (3) C
OMPLETION .—The organizational framework shall be fully implemented by not later than October 1, 2020. (4) C
OMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The organizational framework, as implemented, shall comply with all require-ments of section 1073c of title 10, United States Code, except for the October 1, 2018, implementation date specified in such sec-tion. (c) H
EALTH -READINESS REGIONS IN CONUS R
EQUIRED .—The organizational framework required by subsection (a) shall meet the re-quirements as follows: (1) H
EALTH -READINESS REGIONS .—There shall be not more than three health-readi-ness regions established in the continental United States. (2) L
EADER .—Each region under paragraph (1) shall be led by a commander or director who is a member of the Armed Forces serv-ing in a grade not higher than major general or rear admiral and who shall be— (A) selected by the Director from among members of the Armed Forces recommended by the military departments for service in such position; and (B) under the authority, direction, and control of the Director while serving in such position. (3) R
EGIONAL HUBS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each region under para-graph (1) shall include a major military med-ical center designated by the Director to serve as the regional hub for the provision of specialized medical services in such region. (B) C
APABILITIES .—A major medical center may not be designated as a regional hub un-less the center— (i) includes one or more large graduate medical education training platforms; and (ii) provides, at a minimum, role 4 medical care. (C) L
OCATION .—Any major medical center designated as a regional hub of a region shall be geographically located so as to maximize the support provided by uniformed medical resources in the region to the combatant commands. In designating major medical centers as a regional hub, the Director shall give consideration to the collocation of such centers with major aerial debarkation points of patients in the medical evacuation system of the United States Transportation Com-mand. (D) MAJOR HEALTH CARE DELIVERY PLAT -
FORM .—A major medical center designated as a regional hub of a region shall serve as the major health care delivery platform for the provision of complex specialized medical care in the region, whether through patient referrals from other military medical treat-ment facilities in the region or through re-ferrals from other regions in the case of cer-tain specialized medical services (such as treatment for severe burns) which may only be available at a military medical treatment facility within the region. (4) A
DDITIONAL MILITARY MEDICAL CEN -
TERS .—Consistent with section 1073d of title 10, United States Code, each region under paragraph (1) may include one or more addi-tional military medical centers, whether es-tablished or maintained by the Director for purposes of this section, in order to serve lo-cations in the region, if any, as follows: (A) Locations with large beneficiary popu-lations. (B) Locations that serve as the primary readiness platforms of the Armed Forces. (5) P
ATIENT REFERRALS AND COORDINA -
TION.—The Director shall ensure effective and efficient medical care referrals and co-ordination among military medical treat-ment facilities in each region under para-graph (1), and among local or regional high- performing health systems in the region, through local or regional partnerships with institutional or individual civilian providers. (d) H
EALTH -READINESS REGIONS OCONUS R
EQUIRED .—The organizational framework required by subsection (a) shall meet the re-quirements as follows: (1) H
EALTH -READINESS REGIONS .—There shall be established not more than two health-readiness regions outside the conti-nental United States— (A) to enhance joint military medical oper-ations in support of the requirements of the combatant commands in such region or re-gions, with a specific focus on existing and future contingency and operational plans; (B) to ensure the provision of high-quality healthcare services to beneficiaries; and (C) to improve the interoperability of healthcare delivery systems in regions (whether under this subsection, subsection (c), or both). (2) P
ATIENT REFERRALS AND COORDINA -
TION.—The Director shall ensure effective and efficient medical care referrals and co-ordination among military medical treat-ment facilities in any region under para-graph (1), and among local or regional high- performing health systems in such region. (e) P
LANNING AND COORDINATION .— (1) S
USTAINMENT OF CLINICAL COMPETENCIES  
AND STAFFING .—The Director shall— (A) provide in each health-readiness region under this section healthcare delivery venues for uniformed medical and dental per-sonnel to obtain operational clinical com-petencies; and (B) coordinate with the military depart-ments to ensure that staffing at military medical treatment facilities in each region supports readiness requirements for mem-bers of the Armed Forces and military med-ical personnel. (2) O
VERSIGHT AND ALLOCATION OF RE -
SOURCES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall, con-sistent with section 193 of title 10, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3440 June 11, 2018 
States Code, coordinate with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, through the Joint Staff Surgeon, to conduct oversight and direct resources to support requirements related to readiness or operational medicine support that are validated by the Joint Staff. (B) S
UPPLY AND DEMAND FOR MEDICAL SERV -
ICES.—Based on operational medical force readiness requirements of the combatant commands validated by the Joint Staff, the Director shall— (i) validate supply and demand require-ments for medical and dental services at each military medical treatment facility; (ii) in coordination with the operational medical force readiness organizations re-quired by subsection (f)(1), provide currency workload for uniformed medical and dental personnel at each facility to maintain skills proficiency; and (iii) if workload is insufficient to meet re-quirements, identify alternative training and clinical practice sites for uniformed medical and dental personnel, and establish military-civilian training partnerships, to provide such workload. (f) O
PERATIONAL MEDICAL FORCE READINESS  O
RGANIZATIONS OF THE ARMED FORCES .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than Octo-ber 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Secretary of the military department concerned, establish in each military department an operational medical force readiness organization in accordance with this subsection. (2) L
EADER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each operational medical force readiness organization established under paragraph (1) shall be led by the Sur-geon General of an Armed Force. (B) C
ONSTRUCTION OF DUTIES .—The duties of a Surgeon General under this paragraph as leader of an operational medical force readi-ness organization are in addition to the du-ties of such Surgeon General under section 3036, 5137, or 8036 of title 10, United States Code, as applicable. (3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of an operational medical force readiness or-ganization are limited to the responsibilities as follows: (A) To recruit, organize, train, and equip uniformed medical and dental personnel of the military department concerned. (B) To assign uniformed medical and den-tal personnel of the military department concerned to military medical treatment fa-cilities for training activities specific to such military department and for oper-ational and training missions, during which assignment such personnel shall be under the operational control of the commander or di-rector of the military medical treatment fa-cility concerned, subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Director. (C) To ensure the readiness for operational deployment of medical and dental personnel and deployable medical or dental teams or units of the Armed Force or Armed Forces concerned. (D) To provide logistical support for oper-ational deployment of medical and dental personnel and deployable medical or dental teams or units of the Armed Force or Armed Forces concerned. (E) To oversee the mobilization and demo-bilization in connection with operational de-ployment of medical and dental personnel of the Armed Force or Armed Forces con-cerned. (F) To carry out operational medical and dental force development for the military de-partment concerned. (G) In coordination with the Secretary concerned, to ensure that the operational medical force readiness organizations of the Armed Forces support the medical and den-tal readiness responsibilities of the Director and the Secretary concerned. (4) MEDICAL FORCE REQUIREMENTS OF COM -
BATANT COMMANDS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each operational medical force readiness organization shall ensure that the uniformed medical and dental per-sonnel serving in the military department concerned receive training and clinical prac-tice opportunities necessary to ensure that such personnel are capable of meeting the operational medical force requirements of the combatant commands applicable to such personnel. Such training and practice oppor-tunities shall be provided through programs and activities of the Defense Health Agency and by such other mechanisms as the Sec-retary shall designate for purposes of this paragraph. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The commanders of the combatant commands shall apprise oper-ational medical force readiness organiza-tions of the operational medical force re-quirements of the combatant commands through the Joint Staff. (5) N
O COMMAND AUTHORITY .—An oper-ational medical force readiness organization established under paragraph (1) shall have no command authority. (g) D
ISESTABLISHMENT OF SUPERSEDED MED-
ICAL ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the date on which the Secretary of Defense establishes an operational medical force readiness orga-nization within a military department pur-suant to subsection (f), the Secretary of De-fense shall, acting through the Secretary of such military department concerned, dises-tablish the following: (A) In the case of the Army, the Army Medical Command, and any associated sub-ordinate command or organization. (B) In the case of the Navy, the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery of the Navy, and any associated subordinate command or organi-zation. (C) In the case of the Air Force, the Air Force Medical Service, and any associated subordinate command or organization. (2) T
RANSFER OF PERSONNEL AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .—Any personnel authorization of a command or organization disestablished pur-suant to paragraph (1) as of the date of dis-establishment may be transferred by the Secretary to the Defense Health Agency or any other organization of the Department of Defense considered appropriate by the Sec-retary, including an operational medical force readiness organization under sub-section (f). 
SEC. 713. STREAMLINING OF TRICARE PRIME BENEFICIARY REFERRAL PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall streamline the process under section 1095f of title 10, United States Code, by which beneficiaries enrolled in TRICARE Prime are referred to the civilian provider network for inpatient or outpatient care under the TRICARE program. (b) O
BJECTIVES .—In carrying out the re-quirement in subsection (a), the Secretary shall meet the following objectives: (1) The referral process shall model best in-dustry practices for referrals from primary care managers to specialty care providers. (2) The process shall strictly limit admin-istrative requirements for enrolled bene-ficiaries, relying instead on communications among providers and care coordinators to ar-range appointments within applicable access to care scheduling time standards. (3) Beneficiary preferences for communica-tions relating to appointment referrals using state-of-the-art information technology shall be used to expedite the process. (4) There shall be effective and efficient processes to determine the availability of ap-pointments at military medical treatment facilities and, when unavailable, to make prompt referrals to network providers under the TRICARE program. (5) There shall be no right-of-first refusal requirement under the process. (c) DEADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The requirement in subsection (a) shall be imple-mented for referrals under TRICARE Prime in calendar year 2019. (d) E
VALUATION AND IMPROVEMENT .—After 2019, the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the process described in sub-section (a) not less often annually; and (2) make appropriate improvements to the process in light of such evaluation. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘TRICARE program’’ and ‘‘TRICARE Prime’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 714. SHARING OF INFORMATION WITH STATE PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONI-TORING PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1074g of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection (g): ‘‘(g) S
HARING OF INFORMATION WITHSTATE  P
RESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PRO-
GRAMS .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall establish and maintain a program (to be known as the ‘Military Health System Pre-scription Drug Monitoring Program’) in ac-cordance with this subsection. The program shall include a special emphasis on drugs provided through facilities of the uniformed services. ‘‘(2) The program shall be— ‘‘(A) comparable to prescription drug mon-itoring programs operated by States, includ-ing such programs approved by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–3); and ‘‘(B) applicable to designated controlled substance prescriptions under the pharmacy benefits program. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall establish ap-propriate procedures for the bi-directional sharing of patient-specific information re-garding prescriptions for designated con-trolled substances between the program and State prescription drug monitoring pro-grams. ‘‘(B) The purpose of sharing of information under this paragraph shall be to prevent mis-use and diversion of opioid medications and other designated controlled substances. ‘‘(C) Any disclosure of patient-specific in-formation by the Secretary under this para-graph is an authorized disclosure for pur-poses of the health information privacy regu-lations promulgated under the Health Insur-ance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191). ‘‘(4)(A) Any procedures developed pursuant to paragraph (3)(A) shall include appropriate safeguards, as determined by the Secretary, concerning cyber security of Department of Defense systems and operational security of Department personnel. ‘‘(B) To the extent the Secretary considers appropriate, the program may be treated as comparable to a State program for purposes of bi-directional sharing of controlled sub-stance prescription information. ‘‘(5) For purposes of this subsection, any reference to a program operated by a State includes any program operated by a county, municipality, or other subdivision within that State.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1079(q) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 1074g(g)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1074g(h)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3441 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 715. IMPROVEMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF ENTI-TIES CARRYING OUT STATE VAC-CINATION PROGRAMS IN CONNEC-TION WITH VACCINES PROVIDED TO COVERED BENEFICIARIES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
Section 719(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1074g note) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for the cost of vaccines provided to covered bene-ficiaries through such program’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to purchase vaccines provided’’ and inserting ‘‘in making vaccines available’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘to provide vaccines’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘with respect to a State vaccination pro-gram may not exceed the amount the De-partment would reimburse an entity for making vaccines available to the number of covered beneficiaries who reside in the State concerned.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF LIMITATION .—Sub- paragraph (B) shall not apply to amounts as-sessed by entities that provide independent verification that the assessments of such en-tities are below the costs of the private sec-tor in making vaccines available.’’. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 721. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MED-ICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND. 
Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), as amended by section 722 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), section 723 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–92), section 741(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), and section 719 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 722. INCREASE IN NUMBER OF APPOINTED MEMBERS OF THE HENRY M. JACK-SON FOUNDATION FOR THE AD-VANCEMENT OF MILITARY MEDI-CINE. 
Section 178(c)(1)(C) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘four members’’ and inserting ‘‘six members’’. 
SEC. 723. CESSATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR MENTAL HEALTH ASSESSMENT OF MEMBERS AFTER REDEPLOYMENT FROM A CONTINGENCY OPERATION UPON DISCHARGE OR RELEASE FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1074m of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘Once’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (d), once’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a)(1)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (C) or (D) of subsection (a)(1)’’. 
SEC. 724. PILOT PROGRAM ON EARNING BY SPE-CIAL OPERATIONS FORCES MEDICS OF CREDITS TOWARDS A PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT DEGREE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs shall conduct a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of partnerships between special operations forces and institutions of higher education, and health care systems if deter-mined appropriate by the Assistant Sec-retary for purposes of the pilot program, through which special operations forces med-ics earn credit toward the master’s degree of physician assistant for military operational work and training performed by the medics. (b) DURATION .—The Assistant Secretary shall conduct the pilot program for a period not to exceed five years. (c) C
LINICAL TRAINING .—Partnerships under subsection (a) shall permit medics partici-pating in the pilot program to conduct clin-ical training at medical facilities of the De-partment of Defense and the civilian sector. (d) E
VALUATION .—The evaluation of work and training performed by medics for which credits are earned under the pilot program shall comply with civilian clinical evalua-tion standards applicable to the awarding of master’s degrees of physician assistant. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representative a re-port that shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive framework for the military education to be provided to special operations forces medics under the pilot pro-gram, including courses of instruction at in-stitutions of higher education and any health care systems participating in the pilot program. (B) Metrics to be used to assess the effec-tiveness of the pilot program. (C) A description of the mechanisms to be used by the Department, medics, or both to cover the costs of education received by medics under the pilot program through in-stitutions of higher education or health care systems, including payment by the Depart-ment in return for a military service com-mitment, tuition or other educational assist-ance by the Department, use by medics of post-9/11 educational assistance available through the Department of Veterans Affairs, and any other mechanisms the Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the pilot program. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a final report on the pilot program. The report shall include the fol-lowing: (A) An evaluation of the pilot program using the metrics of assessment set forth pursuant to paragraph (1)(B). (B) An assessment of the utility of the funding mechanisms set forth pursuant to paragraph (1)(C). (C) An assessment of the effects of the pilot program on recruitment and retention of medics for special operations forces. (D) An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of extending one or more au-thorities for joint professional military edu-cation under chapter 107 of title 10, United States Code, to warrant officers or enlisted personnel, and if the Secretary considers the extension of any such authorities feasible and advisable, recommendations for legisla-tive or administrative action to so extend such authorities. (f) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITIES .—Noth- ing in this section may be construed to— (1) authorize an officer or employee of the Federal Government to create, endorse, or otherwise incentivize a particular cur-riculum or degree track; or (2) require, direct, review, or control a State or educational institution, or the in-structional content, curriculum, and related activities of a State or educational institu-tion. SEC. 725. PILOT PROGRAM ON PARTNERSHIPS WITH CIVILIAN ORGANIZATIONS FOR SPECIALIZED MEDICAL TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of establishing partnerships with public, private, and non- profit organizations and institutions to pro-vide short-term specialized medical training to advance the medical skills and capabili-ties of military medical providers. (b) D
URATION .—The Secretary may carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) for a period of not more than three years. (c) E
VALUATION METRICS .—Before com-mencing the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall establish metrics to be used to evaluate the effectiveness of the pilot program. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days before the commencement of the pilot pro-gram under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the pilot program. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall include a description of the pilot program, the evaluation metrics established under subsection (c), and such other matters relating to the pilot program as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) F
INAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i) A description of the pilot program, in-cluding the partnerships established under the pilot program as described in subsection (a). (ii) An assessment of the effectiveness of the pilot program. (iii) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program, including recommendations for ex-tending or making permanent the authority for the pilot program. (e) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for the Defense Health Program for education and training shall be increased by $2,500,000. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—The amount of the in-crease of the authorization under paragraph (1) shall be available to carry out this sec-tion and shall remain available for obliga-tion until the completion of the pilot pro-gram under this section. 
SEC. 726. REGISTRY OF INDIVIDUALS EXPOSED TO PER- AND POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES ON MILITARY INSTAL-LATIONS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF REGISTRY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (A) establish and maintain a registry for eligible individuals who may have been ex-posed to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (in this section referred to as ‘‘PFAS’’) due to the environmental release of aqueous film-forming foam (in this section referred to as ‘‘AFFF’’) on military installations to meet the requirements of military specifica-tion MIL-F-24385F; (B) include any information in such reg-istry that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines necessary to ascertain and mon-itor the health effects of the exposure of members of the Armed Forces to PFAS asso-ciated with AFFF; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3442 June 11, 2018 
(C) develop a public information campaign to inform eligible individuals about the reg-istry, including how to register and the bene-fits of registering; and (D) periodically notify eligible individuals of significant developments in the study and treatment of conditions associated with ex-posure to PFAS. (2) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall coordinate with the Sec-retary of Defense in carrying out paragraph (1). (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date on which the registry under subsection (a) is established, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress an initial report containing the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment of the effectiveness of actions taken by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense to col-lect and maintain information on the health effects of exposure to PFAS. (B) Recommendations to improve the col-lection and maintenance of such informa-tion. (C) Using established and previously pub-lished epidemiological studies, recommenda-tions regarding the most effective and pru-dent means of addressing the medical needs of eligible individuals with respect to expo-sure to PFAS. (2) F
OLLOW -UP REPORT .—Not later than five years after submitting the initial report under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall submit to Congress a fol-low-up report containing the following: (A) An update to the initial report sub-mitted under paragraph (1). (B) An assessment of whether and to what degree the content of the registry estab-lished under subsection (a) is current and scientifically up-to-date. (3) I
NDEPENDENT SCIENTIFIC ORGANIZA -
TION.—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall enter into an agreement with an inde-pendent scientific organization to prepare the reports under paragraphs (1) and (2). (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR ADDITIONAL EX-
POSURES TO BEINCLUDED .—Not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every five years thereafter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, shall submit to Congress rec-ommendations for additional chemicals with respect to which individuals exposed to such chemicals should be included in the registry established under subsection (a). (d) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible individual’’ means any individual who, on or after a date specified by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs through regulations, served or is serv-ing in the Armed Forces at a military instal-lation where AFFF was used or at another location of the Department of Defense where AFFF was used. 
SEC. 727. INCLUSION OF GAMBLING DISORDER IN HEALTH ASSESSMENTS FOR MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND RELATED RESEARCH EFFORTS. 
(a) A NNUAL PERIODIC HEALTH ASSESS -
MENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall incor-porate medical screening questions specific to gambling disorder into the Annual Peri-odic Health Assessment conducted by the Department of Defense for members of the Armed Forces. (b) R
ESEARCH EFFORTS .—The Secretary shall incorporate into ongoing research ef-forts of the Department questions on gam-bling disorder, as appropriate, including by restoring such questions into the Health Re-lated Behaviors Survey of Active Duty Mili-tary Personnel and the Health Related Be-haviors Survey of Reserve Component Per-sonnel. (c) REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on efforts un-dertaken pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) and the findings of the assessments and sur-veys described in those subsections with re-spect to the prevalence of gambling disorder among members of the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 728. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY OVER-SIGHT OF TRICARE MANAGED CARE SUPPORT CONTRACTORS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a review of the oversight con-ducted by the Defense Health Agency with respect to the transition of managed care support contractors for the TRICARE pro-gram. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The review con-ducted under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The extent to which the Defense Health Agency provided guidance and oversight to the outgoing and incoming managed care support contractors during the transition pe-riod prior to the start of health care deliv-ery. (2) The extent to which there were any issues with health care delivery, and if so— (A) the effect, if any, of the guidance and oversight by the Defense Health Agency dur-ing the transition period on those issues; and (B) the solutions of the Defense Health Agency for remediating any deficiencies of managed care support contractors. (3) The extent to which the Defense Health Agency has reviewed any lessons learned from prior transitions and incorporated those lessons into the current transition. (c) O
NGOING REQUIREMENT .—The Comp-troller General shall review any transition of managed care support contractors for the TRICARE program occurring after the date of the review under subsection (a) and sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a similar review for each such transition. (d) TRICARE P
ROGRAM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management 
SEC. 801. PERMANENT SUPPLY CHAIN RISK MAN-AGEMENT AUTHORITY. 
(a) P ERMANENT EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2339a. Requirements for information relat-ing to supply chain risk ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—Subject to subsection (b), the head of a covered agency may— ‘‘(1) carry out a covered procurement ac-tion; and ‘‘(2) limit, notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, in whole or in part, the disclo-sure of information relating to the basis for carrying out a covered procurement action. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION AND NOTIFICATION .— The head of a covered agency may exercise the authority provided in subsection (a) only after— ‘‘(1) obtaining a joint recommendation by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion and Sustainment and the Chief Informa-tion Officer of the Department of Defense, on the basis of a risk assessment by the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, that there is a significant supply chain risk to a covered system; ‘‘(2) making a determination in writing, in unclassified or classified form, with the con-currence of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, that— ‘‘(A) use of the authority in subsection (a)(1) is necessary to protect national secu-rity by reducing supply chain risk; ‘‘(B) less intrusive measures are not rea-sonably available to reduce such supply chain risk; and ‘‘(C) in a case where the head of the cov-ered agency plans to limit disclosure of in-formation under subsection (a)(2), the risk to national security due to the disclosure of such information outweighs the risk due to not disclosing such information; and ‘‘(3) providing a classified or unclassified notice of the determination made under paragraph (2) to the appropriate congres-sional committees, which notice shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) the information required by section 2304(f)(3) of this title; ‘‘(B) the joint recommendation by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense as spec-ified in paragraph (1); ‘‘(C) a summary of the risk assessment by the Under Secretary of Defense for Intel-ligence that serves as the basis for the joint recommendation specified in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(D) a summary of the basis for the deter-mination, including a discussion of less in-trusive measures that were considered and why they were not reasonably available to reduce supply chain risk. ‘‘(c) DELEGATION .—The head of a covered agency may not delegate the authority pro-vided in subsection (a) or the responsibility to make a determination under subsection (b) to an official below the level of the serv-ice acquisition executive for the agency con-cerned. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON DISCLOSURE .—If the head of a covered agency has exercised the authority provided in subsection (a)(2) to limit disclosure of information— ‘‘(1) no action undertaken by the agency head under such authority shall be subject to review in a bid protest before the Govern-ment Accountability Office or in any Federal court; and ‘‘(2) the agency head shall— ‘‘(A) notify appropriate parties of a covered procurement action and the basis for such action only to the extent necessary to effec-tuate the covered procurement action; ‘‘(B) notify other Department of Defense components or other Federal agencies re-sponsible for procurements that may be sub-ject to the same or similar supply chain risk, in a manner and to the extent consistent with the requirements of national security; and ‘‘(C) ensure the confidentiality of any such notifications. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) H
EAD OF A COVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘head of a covered agency’ means each of the following: ‘‘(A) The Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of the Army. ‘‘(C) The Secretary of the Navy. ‘‘(D) The Secretary of the Air Force. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED PROCUREMENT ACTION .—The term ‘covered procurement action’ means any of the following actions, if the action takes place in the course of conducting a covered procurement: ‘‘(A) The exclusion of a source that fails to meet qualification standards established in accordance with the requirements of section 2319 of this title for the purpose of reducing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3443 June 11, 2018 
supply chain risk in the acquisition of cov-ered systems. ‘‘(B) The exclusion of a source that fails to achieve an acceptable rating with regard to an evaluation factor providing for the con-sideration of supply chain risk in the evalua-tion of proposals for the award of a contract or the issuance of a task or delivery order. ‘‘(C) The decision to withhold consent for a contractor to subcontract with a particular source or to direct a contractor for a covered system to exclude a particular source from consideration for a subcontract under the contract. ‘‘(3) C
OVERED PROCUREMENT .—The term ‘covered procurement’ means— ‘‘(A) a source selection for a covered sys-tem or a covered item of supply involving ei-ther a performance specification, as provided in section 2305(a)(1)(C)(ii) of this title, or an evaluation factor, as provided in section 2305(a)(2)(A) of this title, relating to supply chain risk; ‘‘(B) the consideration of proposals for and issuance of a task or delivery order for a cov-ered system or a covered item of supply, as provided in section 2304c(d)(3) of this title, where the task or delivery order contract concerned includes a contract clause estab-lishing a requirement relating to supply chain risk; or ‘‘(C) any contract action involving a con-tract for a covered system or a covered item of supply where such contract includes a clause establishing requirements relating to supply chain risk. ‘‘(4) S
UPPLY CHAIN RISK .—The term ‘supply chain risk’ means the risk that an adversary may sabotage, maliciously introduce un-wanted function, or otherwise subvert the design, integrity, manufacturing, produc-tion, distribution, installation, operation, or maintenance of a covered system so as to surveil, deny, disrupt, or otherwise degrade the function, use, or operation of such sys-tem. ‘‘(5) C
OVERED SYSTEM .—The term ‘covered system’ means a national security system, as that term is defined in section 3542(b) of title 44. ‘‘(6) C
OVERED ITEM OF SUPPLY .—The term ‘covered item of supply’ means an item of in-formation technology (as that term is de-fined in section 11101 of title 40) that is pur-chased for inclusion in a covered system, and the loss of integrity of which could result in a supply chain risk for a covered system. ‘‘(7) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a covered system in-cluded in the National Intelligence Program or the Military Intelligence Program, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate, the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives, and the congressional defense committees; and ‘‘(B) in the case of a covered system not otherwise included in subparagraph (A), the congressional defense committees.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2339 the following new item: ‘‘2339a. Requirements for information relat-ing to supply chain risk.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 806(g) of the Ike Skelton National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note) is hereby repealed. 
SEC. 802. COMMERCIALLY AVAILABLE MARKET RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 2431a of title 10, United States code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) The term ‘market research’ in-cludes— ‘‘(A) government market research directly with prospective vendors, including— ‘‘(i) contacting knowledgeable individuals in government and industry regarding mar-ket capabilities to meet requirements; ‘‘(ii) reviewing the results of recent market research undertaken to meet similar or iden-tical requirements; ‘‘(iii) publishing formal requests for infor-mation in appropriate technical or scientific journals or business publications; ‘‘(iv) querying the governmentwide data-base of contracts and other procurement in-struments intended for use by multiple agen-cies; ‘‘(v) participating in interactive, on-line communication among industry, acquisition personnel, and customers; ‘‘(vi) obtaining source lists of similar items from other contracting activities or agencies, trade associations, or other sources; ‘‘(vii) reviewing catalogs and other gen-erally available product literature published by manufacturers, distributors, and dealers or available online; ‘‘(viii) conducting interchange meetings or holding presolicitation conferences to in-volve potential offerors early in the acquisi-tion process; and ‘‘(ix) ensuring that any conflicts of inter-est presented by vendors providing govern-ment capability statements are both dis-closed and mitigated; and ‘‘(B) commercially available third-party market research.’’. (b) REVIEW .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall review the guidance of the Department of Defense with regard to those portions of the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion regarding commercially available mar-ket research, including sections 10.001(a)(2)(vi) and 10.002(b). The review shall, at a minimum— (1) assess the impact that conducting mar-ket research has on the Department’s re-sources; and (2) ensure that commercially available market research is considered among other sources of research, as appropriate, and re-viewed prior to developing new requirements documents for an acquisition by the Depart-ment. 
SEC. 803. COMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT OF ACQUISITION PROGRAMS AND RELATED INITIATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 131 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2229b. Comptroller General assessment on acquisition programs and initiatives ‘‘(a) A
SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees an annual assessment of selected acqui-sition programs and initiatives of the De-partment of Defense by March 30th of each year, beginning in 2020. ‘‘(b) A
NALYSES TOBEINCLUDED .—The as- sessment required under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) a macro analysis of how well acquisi-tion programs and initiatives are performing and reasons for that performance; ‘‘(2) a summary of organizational and legis-lative changes and emerging assessment methodologies since the last assessment, and a discussion of the implications for execu-tion and oversight of programs and initia-tives; and ‘‘(3) specific analyses of individual acquisi-tion programs and initiatives. ‘‘(c) ACQUISITION PROGRAMS AND INITIA -
TIVES TO BECONSIDERED .—The assessment required under subsection (a) shall consider the following programs and initiatives: ‘‘(1) Selected weapon systems, as deter-mined appropriate by the Comptroller Gen-eral. ‘‘(2) Selected information technology sys-tems and initiatives, including defense busi-ness systems, networks, and software-inten-sive systems, as determined appropriate by the Comptroller General. ‘‘(3) Selected prototyping and rapid field-ing activities and initiatives, as determined appropriate by the Comptroller General.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2229a the following new item: ‘‘2229b. Comptroller General assessment on acquisition programs and re-lated initiatives.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED AUTHORITY .— Section 883(d) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended by striking paragraph (1). Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limi-tations 
SEC. 811. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CON-TRACTING DISPUTE MATTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out a study of the frequency and effects of bid protests involving the same contract award or pro-posed award that have been filed at both the Government Accountability Office and the United States Court of Federal Claims. The study shall cover Department of Defense contracts and include, at a minimum— (1) the number of protests that have been filed with both tribunals and results; (2) the number of such protests where the tribunals differed in denying or sustaining the action; (3) the length of time, in average time and median time— (A) from initial filing at the Government Accountability Office to decision in the United States Court of Federal Claims; (B) from filing with each tribunal to deci-sion by such tribunal; (C) from the time at which the basis of the protest is known to the time of filing in each tribunal; and (D) in the case of an appeal from a decision of the United States Court of Federal Claims, from the date of the initial filing of the appeal to decision in the appeal; (4) the number of protests where perform-ance was stayed or enjoined and for how long; (5) if performance was stayed or enjoined, whether the requirement was obtained in the interim through another vehicle or in-house, or whether during the period of the stay or enjoining the requirement went unfulfilled; (6) separately for each tribunal, the num-ber of protests where performance was stayed or enjoined and monetary damages were awarded, which shall include for how long performance was stayed or enjoined and the amount of monetary damages; (7) whether the protestor was a large or small business; and (8) whether the protestor was the incum-bent in a prior contract for the same or simi-lar product or service. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report on the results of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3444 June 11, 2018 
the study, along with related recommenda-tions for improving the expediency of the bid protest process. In preparing the report, the Secretary shall consult with the Attorney General of the United States, the Comp-troller General of the United States, and the United States Court of Federal Claims. (c) O
NGOING DATA COLLECTION .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall es-tablish and continuously maintain a data re-pository to collect on an ongoing basis the information described in subsection (a) and any additional relevant bid protest data the Secretary determines necessary and appro-priate to allow the Department of Defense, the Government Accountability Office, and the United States Court of Federal Claims to assess and review bid protests over time. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF EXPEDITED PROCESS  
FORSMALL VALUE CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall de-velop a plan and schedule for an expedited bid protest process for Department of De-fense contracts with a value of less than $100,000. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Secretary of Defense may con-sult with the Government Accountability Of-fice and the United States Court of Federal Claims to the extent such entities may es-tablish a similar process at their election. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than May 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plan and schedule for implementation of the expedited bid protest process, which shall include a request for any additional au-thorities the Secretary determines appro-priate for such efforts. 
SEC. 812. CONTINUATION OF TECHNICAL DATA RIGHTS DURING CHALLENGES. 
(a) E XERCISE OF RIGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA B
EFORE FINAL DISPOSITION OF A CHAL-
LENGE .—Section 2321(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘P
RIOR TO AND ’’ after ‘‘R IGHTS AND LIABIL -
ITY’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (3) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) Upon issuance of a challenge to a use or release restriction asserted by a con-tractor or subcontractor under the contract made pursuant to subsection (d) or made under procedures established by the Depart-ment of Defense for challenges to asserted use or release restrictions in connection with noncommercial computer software, and until final disposition of such a challenge, the De-partment of Defense may exercise rights in the technical data or noncommercial com-puter software rights consistent with the grounds identified in the challenge pursuant to subsection (d)(3), (or the grounds identi-fied under corresponding Department of De-fense procedures in the case of noncommer-cial computer software) in order to meet De-partment of Defense mission requirements. ‘‘(2) In the event that the challenge made by the government is not sustained upon final disposition, the contractor or subcon-tractor shall have only a right to damages against the United States if the United States was found to have not acted in good faith and as otherwise provided by law aris-ing from the exercise of rights described in paragraph (1) during the time period de-scribed in such paragraph.’’. (b) R
EVISION OF THE DEFENSE FEDERAL AC-
QUISITION REGULATION SUPPLEMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall revise the Defense Federal Acqui-sition Regulation Supplement, by interim or final rule, to implement the amendments made by subsection (a). (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) and the revision re-quired by subsection (b) shall become effec-tive on the date of publication of the interim or final rule (whichever is earlier) required by subsection (b) and shall apply to solicita-tions issued by Department of Defense con-tracting activities after that date unless the senior procurement executive of the agency concerned grants a waiver on a case-by-case basis. (d) G
UIDANCE ON TECHNICAL DATA RIGHT N
EGOTIATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop policies on the negotiation of technical data rights for noncommercial software that reflects the Department of De-fense’s needs for technical data rights in the event of a protest or replacement of incum-bent contractor to meet defense require-ments in the most cost effective manner. 
SEC. 813. INCREASED MICRO-PURCHASE THRESH-OLD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2338 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding subsection (a) of section 1902 of title 41, the micro-purchase threshold for the Department of Defense for purposes of such section is $5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘The micro-purchase threshold for the Depart-ment of Defense is $10,000’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1902(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sections 2338 and 2339 of title 10 and’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2339 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 2339. 
SEC. 814. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATIONS ON SINGLE SOURCE TASK OR DELIVERY ORDER CONTRACTS. 
Section 2304a(d)(3)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘reason-ably perform the work’’ and inserting ‘‘effi-ciently perform the work’’. 
SEC. 815. PRELIMINARY COST ANALYSIS RE-QUIREMENT FOR EXERCISE OF MULTIYEAR CONTRACT AUTHORITY. 
Section 2306b(i)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘made after the completion of a cost analysis’’ and inserting ‘‘supported by a preliminary cost analysis’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘for the purpose of section 2334(e)(1) of this title, and that the analysis supports those preliminary findings’’. 
SEC. 816. INCLUSION OF BEST AVAILABLE INFOR-MATION REGARDING PAST PER-FORMANCE OF SUBCONTRACTORS AND JOINT VENTURE PARTNERS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR PERFORMANCE OF  S
UBCONTRACTORS AND JOINT VENTURE PART-
NERS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council and the Ad-ministrator for Federal Procurement Policy, shall develop policies for the Department of Defense to ensure the best information re-garding past performance of certain sub-contractors and joint venture partners is available when awarding Department of De-fense contracts. The policies shall include proposed revisions to the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement as fol-lows: (1) Required performance evaluations, as part of a government-wide evaluation report-ing tool, for first-tier subcontractors per-forming a portion of the contract valued at not less than 20 percent of the value of the prime contract, provided— (A) the information included in rating the subcontractor is not inconsistent with the information included in the rating for the prime contractor; (B) the subcontractor evaluation is con-ducted consistent with the provisions of sec-tion 42.15 of the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion; (C) negative evaluations of a subcontractor in no way obviate the prime contractor’s re-sponsibility for successful completion of the contract and management of its subcontrac-tors; and (D) that in the judgment of the contracting officer, the overall execution of the work is impacted by the performance of the subcon-tractor or subcontractors. (2) Required performance evaluations, as part of a government-wide evaluation report-ing tool, of individual partners of joint ven-ture-awarded, to ensure that past perform-ance on joint venture projects is considered in future awards to individual joint venture partners, provided— (A) at a minimum, the rating for joint ven-tures includes an identification that allows the evaluation to be retrieved for each part-ner of the joint venture; (B) each partner, through the joint ven-ture, is given the same opportunity to sub-mit comments, rebutting statements, or ad-ditional information, consistent with the provisions of section 42.15 of the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation; and (C) the rating clearly identifies the respon-sibilities of joint venture partners for dis-crete elements of the work where the part-ners are not jointly and severally responsible for the project. (3) Processes to request exceptions from the annual evaluation requirement under section 42.1502(a) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation where submission of the annual evaluations would not provide the best rep-resentation of the performance of a con-tractor, including subcontractors and joint venture partners, including— (A) where no severable element of the work has been completed; (B) where the contracting officer deter-mines that— (i) an insubstantial portion of the contract work has been completed in the preceding year; and (ii) the lack of performance is at non-fault to the contractor; or (C) where the contracting officer deter-mines that there is an issue in dispute which, until resolved, would likely cause the annual rating to inaccurately reflect the past performance of the contractor. (b) REPORT ON CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE  A
PPEALS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the defense committees a report on contractor and sub-contractor past performance evaluations and appeals, including— (1) data on the number of performance evaluation appeals filed by contractors and subcontractors within the previous five years; (2) the frequency that an appeal was suc-cessful and the performance evaluation was changed favorably for the contractor; (3) the time it takes for an appeal to make its way through the process from filing to adjudication; and (4) what impact the appeals process has on the tracking of information in the perform-ance database system and consideration of contractor and subcontractor performance on future contracts. (c) A
GENCY PROGRESS ON PERFORMANCE  E
VALUATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a score-card that compares the timeliness, complete-ness, and accuracy of contractor perform-ance evaluations among the Department’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3445 June 11, 2018 
components. This scorecard shall be reported annually to Congress and made publicly available not later than December 31 for the prior fiscal year until 2024. (d) C
ONGRESSIONAL ACCESS TO PERFORM -
ANCE DATA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—At the written request of a Chairman or Ranking Member of one of the appropriate congressional committees, the Secretary of Defense shall make all con-tractor performance evaluations available through electronic access to data systems or in another manner specified by the request for designated staff members of the appro-priate congressional committees. (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (C) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 817. MODIFICATION OF CRITERIA FOR WAIV-ERS OF REQUIREMENT FOR CER-TIFIED COST AND PRICE DATA. 
Section 817(b)(2) of the Bob Stump Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2306a note) is amended by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting ‘‘; or’’. 
SEC. 818. SUBCONTRACTING PRICE AND AP-PROVED PURCHASING SYSTEMS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 893 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (g), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The term ‘approved purchasing sys-tem’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 44.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion (or any similar regulation).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) C
ONSENT TO SUBCONTRACT .—If the con-tractor on a Department of Defense contract requiring a contracting officer’s written con-sent prior to the contractor entering into a subcontract has an approved purchasing sys-tem, the contracting officer may not with-hold such consent without the written ap-proval of the program manager.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING REGULATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall re-vise the Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement to conform with the amend-ments to section 893 of the Ike Skelton Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) made by this section. 
SEC. 819. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON PROGRESS PAYMENT FINANCING OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CON-TRACTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the results of an analysis, conducted by the Comptroller General, of the effects of current financing levels of Department of Defense contracts on contractors of the Department and the budg-ets of the Department. (b) E
LEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include an analysis and assessment of the impact of the matters specified in paragraph (2), for both govern-ment and business, on— (A) the relationship between financing amounts and contractor profit; and (B) the willingness of contractors to pursue contracts with the Department. (2) COVERED MATTERS .—The matters speci-fied in this paragraph are each of the fol-lowing under Department contracts: (A) Past changes to progress payment rates and conditions. (B) Progress payment rates and limitations on progressing for undefinitized contract ac-tions. 
SEC. 820. AUTHORIZATION TO LIMIT FOREIGN AC-CESS TO TECHNOLOGY THROUGH CONTRACTS. 
The Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering, or a designee of the Under Secretary, may include in the terms of any contract that the Under Secretary en-ters into a provision that— (1) limits access by select persons or orga-nizations to technology that is the subject of the contract under terms defined by the Under Secretary, including by limiting such access to specific periods of time; and (2) if the person or organization violates the requirement described in paragraph (1), the Under Secretary may require the person or organization to forfeit intellectual prop-erty rights associated with the contract. 
SEC. 821. BRIEFING REQUIREMENT ON SERVICES CONTRACTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the requirements of section 2329(b) of title 10, United States Code, are met, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition and Sustainment shall brief the congressional defense committees on the progress of Department of Defense efforts to meet the requirements of such section, in-cluding relevant information on the method-ology and implementation plans for future compliance. 
SEC. 822. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON AWARDING OF CONTRACTS TO RESPONSIBLE COM-PANIES THAT PRIMARILY EMPLOY AMERICAN WORKERS AND DO NOT ACTIVELY TRANSFER AMERICAN JOBS TO POTENTIAL ADVERSARIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Depart-ment of Defense should award contracts to responsible companies that primarily em-ploy United States workers or are partners in the national technology and industrial base and do not actively transfer United States jobs to potential adversaries. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs 
SEC. 831. PROGRAM COST, FIELDING, AND PER-FORMANCE GOALS IN PLANNING MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
Section 2448a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘designated milestone decision au-thority for the major defense acquisition program’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the milestone decision au-thority for the major defense acquisition program approves a program that’’ and in-serting ‘‘the program’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 832. IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDA-TIONS OF THE INDEPENDENT STUDY ON CONSIDERATION OF SUSTAINMENT IN WEAPONS SYS-TEMS LIFE CYCLE. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, except as provided under subsection (b), commence implementation of each rec-ommendation submitted as part of the inde-pendent assessment produced under section 844 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2290). (b) E
XCEPTIONS .— (1) D
ELAYED IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec- retary of Defense may commence implemen-tation of a recommendation described under subsection (a) later than the date required under such subsection if the Secretary pro-vides the congressional defense committees with a specific justification for the delay in implementation of such recommendation. (2) NONIMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of Defense may opt not to implement a rec-ommendation described under subsection (a) if the Secretary provides to the congres-sional defense committees— (A) the reasons for the decision not to im-plement the recommendation; and (B) a summary of the alternative actions the Secretary plans to take to address the purposes underlying the recommendation. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLANS .—For each rec-ommendation that the Secretary is imple-menting, or that the Secretary plans to im-plement, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (1) a summary of actions that have been taken to implement the recommendation; and (2) a schedule, with specific milestones, for completing the implementation of the rec-ommendation. 
SEC. 833. PILOT PROGRAM TO ACCELERATE MAJOR WEAPONS SYSTEM PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program to reform and accelerate the contracting and pricing proc-esses associated with contracts in excess of $50,000,000 by— (1) basing price reasonableness determina-tions on actual cost and pricing data for pur-chases of the same or similar products for the Department of Defense; and (2) reducing the cost and pricing data to be submitted in accordance with section 2306a of title 10, United States Code. (b) S
UNSET .—The authority to carry out the pilot program under this section shall expire on January 2, 2021. Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Acquisition Workforce 
SEC. 841. PERMANENT AUTHORITY FOR DEM-ONSTRATION PROJECTS RELATING TO ACQUISITION PERSONNEL MAN-AGEMENT POLICIES AND PROCE-DURES. 
(a) P ERMANENT AUTHORITY .—Section 1762 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsections (g) and (h). (b) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘C
OM-
MENCEMENT .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘a demonstration project,’’ and inserting ‘‘I
N G
ENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out demonstration projects’’. 
SEC. 842. ESTABLISHMENT OF INTEGRATED RE-VIEW TEAM ON DEFENSE ACQUISI-TION INDUSTRY-GOVERNMENT EX-CHANGE. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall direct the De-fense Business Board to convene an inte-grated review team (in this section referred to as the ‘‘exchange team’’) to undertake a study on facilitating the exchange of defense industry personnel on term assignments within the Department of Defense. (2) M
EMBER PARTICIPATION .— (A) D
EFENSE BUSINESS BOARD .—The Chair-man of the Defense Business Board shall se-lect six members from the membership of the Board to participate on the exchange team, including one member to lead the team. (B) D
EFENSE INNOVATION BOARD .—The Chairman of the Defense Innovation Board shall select five appropriate members from the membership of their Board to participate on the exchange team. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3446 June 11, 2018 
(C) D EFENSE SCIENCE BOARD .—The Chair-man of the Defense Science Board shall se-lect five appropriate members from the membership of their Board to participate on the exchange team. (D) R
EQUIRED EXPERIENCE .—The Chairmen referred to in subparagraphs (a) through (C) shall ensure that members have significant legislative or regulatory expertise and re-flect diverse experiences in the public and private sector. (3) S
COPE.—The study conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall— (A) review legal, ethical, and financial dis-closure requirements for industry-govern-ment exchanges; (B) review existing or previous industry- government exchange programs such as the Department of State’s Franklin Fellows Pro-gram and the Information Technology Ex-change Program; (C) review how the military departments address legal, ethical, and financial require-ments for members of the reserve compo-nents who also maintain civilian employ-ment in the defense industry; (D) produce specific and detailed rec-ommendations for any legislation, including the amendment or repeal of regulations, as well as non-legislative approaches, that the members of the exchange team conducting the study determine necessary to— (i) reduce barriers to industry-government exchange to encourage the flow of acquisi-tion best practices; (ii) ensure continuing financial and ethical integrity; and (iii) protect the best interests of the De-partment of Defense; and (E) produce such additional recommenda-tions for legislation as the members consider appropriate. (4) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide the exchange team with timely access to appropriate informa-tion, data, resources, and analysis so that the exchange team may conduct a thorough and independent analysis as required under this subsection. (b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than December 31, 2018, the exchange team shall provide an in-terim briefing to the congressional defense committees on the study conducted under subsection (a) (c) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the exchange team shall submit a final report on the study to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the congressional defense committees. 
SEC. 843. EXCHANGE PROGRAM FOR ACQUISI-TION WORKFORCE EMPLOYEES. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish an exchange pro-gram under which the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall arrange for the temporary assignment of civilian personnel in the Department of Defense acquisition workforce. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the ex-change program established pursuant to sub-section (a) are— (1) to familiarize personnel from the acqui-sition workforce with the equities, priorities, processes, culture, and workforce of the ac-quisition-related defense agencies; (2) to enable participants in the exchange program to return the expertise gained through their exchanges to their original or-ganizations; and (3) to improve communication between and integration of the organizations that support the policy, implementation, and oversight of defense acquisition through lasting relation-ships. (c) P
ARTICIPANTS .— (1) N
UMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .—The Under Secretary shall select not less than 10 and no more than 20 participants per year for par-ticipation in the exchange program estab-lished under subsection (a). (2) CRITERIA FOR SELECTION .—The Under Secretary shall select participants for the exchange program established under sub-section (a) from among mid-career employ-ees and based on— (A) the qualifications and desire to partici-pate in the program of the employee; and (B) the technical needs and capacities of the acquisition workforce, as applicable. (d) T
ERMS .—Exchanges pursuant to the ex-change program established under subsection (a) shall be for terms of one to two years, as determined and negotiated by the Under Sec-retary. The terms may begin and end on a rolling basis. (e) G
UIDANCE AND IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall develop and submit to the congressional defense committees in-terim guidance on the form and contours of the exchange program established under sub-section (a). (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall implement the guidance developed under paragraph (1). Subtitle E—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items 
SEC. 851. REPORT ON COMMERCIAL ITEM PRO-CUREMENT REFORM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Assistant Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, in consultation with members of the Defense Business Board as appropriate, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on reforms for commercial item procurement. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A review of recommendations by the independent panel created under section 809 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 112 Public Law 889) pertaining to commercial items. (2) A review of commercial item provisions from the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), and other rel-evant legislation. (3) An analysis of the extent to which the Department of Defense should treat commer-cial service contracts and commercial prod-ucts in a similar manner. (4) Such other matters with respect to commercial item procurement as the Assist-ant Secretary considers appropriate. Subtitle F—Industrial Base Matters 
SEC. 861. NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND INDUS-TRIAL BASE APPLICATION PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 148 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2509. National technology and industrial base application process ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense shall administer a national technology and industrial base application process. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—The application process required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall designate an offi-cial within the Office of the Secretary of De-fense responsible for administration of the national technology and industrial base ap-plication process and associated policy. ‘‘(2) A person or organization that meets the definition of national technology and in-dustrial base under section 2500(1) of this title shall have the opportunity to apply for an item to be covered under the national technology and industrial base. The applica-tion shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing information: ‘‘(A) Information demonstrating the appli-cant meets such definition. ‘‘(B) The section or sections of this chap-ter, related to the national technology and industrial base, that the applicant seeks to modify. ‘‘(C) The applicant’s proposed modifica-tions to the section or sections identified under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(D) For each item the applicant seeks to include in the national technology and in-dustrial base, the applicant shall include the following information: ‘‘(i) The extent to which such item has commercial applications. ‘‘(ii) The number of such items to be pro-cured by current programs of record. ‘‘(iii) The criticality of such item to a mili-tary unit’s mission accomplishment. ‘‘(iv) The estimated cost and other consid-erations of reconstituting the manufacturing capability of such item, if not maintained in the national technology and industrial base. ‘‘(v) National security regulations or re-strictions imposed on such item that may not be imposed on a non-national technology and industrial base competitor. ‘‘(vi) Non-national security-related Fed-eral, State, and local government regula-tions imposed on such item that may not be imposed on a non-national technology and industrial base competitor. ‘‘(vii) The extent to which such item is fielded in current programs of record. ‘‘(viii) The extent to which cost and pric-ing data for such item has been deemed fair and reasonable. ‘‘(c) CONSIDERATION OF APPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF DESIGNATED OFFI -
CIAL.—The official designated pursuant to subsection (b)(1) shall be responsible for pro-viding complete applications submitted pur-suant to this subsection to the appropriate component acquisition executive for consid-eration not later than 15 days after receipt of such application. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 60 days after receiving a complete application, the compo-nent acquisition executive shall review such application, make a determination, and re-turn the application to the official des-ignated pursuant to subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(3) E
LEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—The de- termination required under paragraph (2) shall— ‘‘(A) recommend the modification to this chapter proposed pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(C); ‘‘(B) recommend the modification to this chapter proposed pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(C) with further modifications; or ‘‘(C) not recommend the modification to this chapter proposed pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(C). ‘‘(4) J
USTIFICATION .—The determination re-quired under paragraph (2) shall also include the rationale and justification for the deter-mination. ‘‘(d) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR LEGISLATION .— For applications recommended under sub-section (c), the official designated pursuant to subsection (b)(1) shall be responsible for preparing a legislative proposal for consider-ation by the Secretary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘2509. National technology and industrial base application process.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3447 June 11, 2018 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 2509 of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall take effect 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 862. REPORT ON DEFENSE ELECTRONICS IN-DUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the Executive Agent for Printed Circuit Board and Interconnect Technology and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall submit to Congress a report examining the health of the defense electronics industrial base, in-cluding analog and passive electronic parts, substrates, printed boards, assemblies, con-nectors, cabling, and related areas, both do-mestically and within the national tech-nology and industrial base. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An examination of current and planned partnerships with the commercial industry. (2) Analysis of the current and future de-fense electronics industrial base. (3) Threat assessment related to system se-curity. (4) An assessment of the health of the engi-neering and production workforce. (5) A description of the electronics supply chain requirements of defense systems inte-gral to meeting the goals of the 2018 Na-tional Defense Strategy. (6) Recommended actions to address areas deemed deficient or vulnerable, and a plan to formalize long-term resourcing for the Exec-utive Agent. (7) Any other areas matters determined relevant by the Secretary. 
SEC. 863. SUPPORT FOR DEFENSE MANUFAC-TURING COMMUNITIES TO SUPPORT THE DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, in coordination with the Secretary of Commerce and working in coordination with the defense manufacturing institutes, estab-lish within the Department of Defense a pro-gram to make long-term investments in crit-ical skills, infrastructure, research and de-velopment, and small business support in order to strengthen the national security in-novation base by designating and supporting consortiums as defense manufacturing com-munities. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The program authorized by this section shall be known as the ‘‘De-fense Manufacturing Community Support Program’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Program’’). (b) D
ESIGNATION OF DEFENSE MANUFAC -
TURING COMMUNITIES COMPLEMENTARY TO DE-
FENSE MANUFACTURING INSTITUTES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may designate eligible consortiums as de-fense manufacturing communities through a competitive process, and in coordination with the defense manufacturing institutes. (2) E
LIGIBLE CONSORTIUMS .—The Secretary may establish eligibility criteria for a con-sortium to participate in the Program. In de-veloping such criteria, the Secretary may consider the merits of— (A) including members from academia, de-fense industry, commercial industry, and State and local government organizations; (B) supporting efforts in geographical re-gions that have capabilities in key tech-nologies or industrial base supply chains that are determined critical to national se-curity; (C) optimal consortium composition and size to promote effectiveness, collaboration, and efficiency; and (D) complementarity with defense manu-facturing institutes. (3) DURATION .—Each designation under paragraph (1) shall be for a period designated by the Secretary. (4) R
ENEWAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may renew a designation made under paragraph (1) for up to two additional two-year periods. Any designation as a defense manufacturing com-munity or renewal of such designation that is in effect before the date of the enactment of this Act shall count toward the limit set forth in this subparagraph. (B) E
VALUATION FOR RENEWAL .—The Sec- retary shall establish criteria for the re-newal of a consortium. In establishing such criteria, the Secretary may consider— (i) the performance of the consortium in meeting the established goals of the Pro-gram; (ii) the progress the consortium has made with respect to project-specific metrics, par-ticularly with respect to those metrics that were designed to help communities track their own progress; (iii) whether any changes to the composi-tion of the eligible consortium or revisions of the plan for the consortium would im-prove the capabilities of the defense indus-trial base; (iv) the effectiveness of coordination with defense manufacturing institutes; and (v) such other criteria as the Secretary considers appropriate. (5) A
PPLICATION FOR DESIGNATION .—An eli- gible consortium seeking a designation under paragraph (1) shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. In developing such procedures, the Secretary may consider the inclusion of— (A) a description of the regional boundaries of the consortium, and the defense manufac-turing capacity of the region; (B) an evidence-based plan for enhancing the defense industrial base through the ef-forts of the consortium; (C) the investments the consortium pro-poses and the strategy of the consortium to address gaps in the defense industrial base; (D) a description of the outcome-based metrics, benchmarks, and milestones that will track and the evaluation methods that will be used to gauge performance of the con-sortium; (E) how the initiatives will complement defense manufacturing institutes; and (F) such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) F
INANCIAL AND TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under the Program, the Secretary of Defense may award financial or technical assistance to a member of a con-sortium designated as a defense manufac-turing community under the Program as ap-propriate for purposes of the Program. (2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A recipient of financial or technical assistance under the Program may use such financial or technical assist-ance to support an investment that will im-prove the defense industrial base. (3) I
NVESTMENTS SUPPORTED .—Investments supported under this subsection may include activities not already provided for by defense manufacturing institutes on— (A) infrastructure; (B) access to capital; (C) promotion of exports and foreign direct investment; (D) equipment or facility upgrades; (E) workforce training, retraining, or re-cruitment and retention, including that of women and underrepresented minorities; (F) energy or process efficiency; (G) business incubators; (H) site preparation; (I) advanced research and commercializa-tion, including with Federal laboratories and depots; (J) supply chain development; and (K) small business assistance. (d) RECEIPT OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS .—The Secretary of Defense may accept amounts transferred to the Secretary from the head of another agency or a State or local govern-mental organization to carry out this sec-tion. Subtitle G—Other Transactions 
SEC. 871. CHANGE TO NOTIFICATION REQUIRE-MENT FOR OTHER TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 2371b(f)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘The cost of any such option shall be considered for purposes of subsection (a)(2) as part of the cost to the Department of Defense of a transaction (for a prototype).’’. 
SEC. 872. DATA AND POLICY ON THE USE OF OTHER TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) C OLLECTION AND STORAGE .—The Service Acquisition Executives of the military de-partments shall collect data on the use of other transactions by their respective de-partments, and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall collect data on all other use by the Department of Defense of other transactions, including use by the De-fense Agencies. The data shall be stored in a manner that allows the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition access at any time. (b) U
SE OF DATA.—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition shall analyze and leverage the data collected under subsection (a) to update policy and guidance related to the use of other transactions. Subtitle H—Development and Acquisition of Software Intensive and Digital Products and Services 
SEC. 881. CLARIFICATIONS REGARDING PROPRI-ETARY AND TECHNICAL DATA. 
(a) V ALIDATION OF PROPRIETARY DATARE-
STRICTIONS .—Section 2321(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), in’’ and inserting ‘‘In’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). (b) R
IGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA.—Section 2320 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively. 
SEC. 882. IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDA-TIONS OF THE FINAL REPORT OF THE DEFENSE SCIENCE BOARD TASK FORCE ON THE DESIGN AND ACQUI-SITION OF SOFTWARE FOR DEFENSE SYSTEMS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, except as provided under subsection (b), commence implementation of each rec-ommendation submitted as part of the final report of the Defense Science Board Task Force on the Design and Acquisition of Soft-ware for Defense Systems. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .— (1) D
ELAYED IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec- retary of Defense may commence implemen-tation of a recommendation described under subsection (a) later than the date required under such subsection if the Secretary pro-vides the congressional defense committees with a specific justification for the delay in implementation of such recommendation. (2) N
ONIMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of Defense may opt not to implement a rec-ommendation described under subsection (a) if the Secretary provides to the congres-sional defense committees— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3448 June 11, 2018 
(A) the reasons for the decision not to im-plement the recommendation; and (B) a summary of the alternative actions the Secretary plans to take to address the purposes underlying the recommendation. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLANS .—For each rec-ommendation that the Secretary is imple-menting, or that the Secretary plans to im-plement, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (1) a summary of actions that have been taken to implement the recommendation; and (2) a schedule, with specific milestones, for completing the implementation of the rec-ommendation. 
SEC. 883. IMPLEMENTATION OF PILOT PROGRAM TO USE AGILE OR ITERATIVE DEVEL-OPMENT METHODS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 873 OF THE NA-TIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall include the following systems for realignment under the pilot program to use agile or iterative devel-opment methods pursuant to section 873 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91): (1) Global Positioning System Next Gen-eration Operational Control System (GPS OCX). (2) Integrated Air and Missile Defense Bat-tle Command System (IBCS). (3) Command Control Battle Management and Communications (C2BMC). (4) The family of Distributed Common Ground Systems. (5) The family of Global Command and Control Systems. (6) Joint Space Operations Center Mission Systems (JMS). (7) Joint Strike Fighter Autonomic Logis-tics Information System (ALIS). (8) Electronic Procurement System (ePS). (9) Air Force Integrated Personnel and Pay System (AFIPPS). (10) Navy Personnel and Pay (NP2). (11) Integrated Personnel and Pay-Army (IPPS-A). (12) Maintenance, Repair, and Overhaul (MROI). (13) Defense Enterprise Accounting Man-agement System (DEAMS). (14) Army Contract Writing System. (15) Contracting IT System. (16) Defense-wide Electronic Procurement Capabilities. (b) R
EVISIONS TO LIST.—The Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional de-fense committees of any revisions to the list of systems included for realignment under subsection (a). 
SEC. 884. ENABLING AND OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE CLOUD EXECUTIVE STEERING GROUP. 
(a) A CTIVITIES REQUIRED .—Commencing not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Cloud Executive Steering Group (CESG) established by the Deputy Secretary of Defense in a directive memorandum dated September 13, 2017, in order to support its Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure (JEDI) initiative to procure commercial cloud services, shall conduct certain key enabling activities as follows: (1) A
DVANCED COMMERCIAL NETWORK CAPA -
BILITIES .—Develop an approach to rapidly ac-quire advanced commercial network capa-bilities, including software-defined net-working, on-demand bandwidth, and aggre-gated cloud access gateways, through com-mercial service providers in order— (A) to support the migration of applica-tions and systems to commercial cloud plat-forms; (B) to increase visibility of end-to-end per-formance to enable and enforce service level agreements for cloud services; (C) to ensure efficient and common cloud access; (D) to facilitate shifting data and applica-tions from one cloud platform to another; (E) to improve cybersecurity; and (F) to consolidate networks and achieve ef-ficiencies and improved performance; (2) WORKLOAD AND MIGRATION ANALYSIS .— Conduct an analysis of existing workloads that would be migrated to the Joint Enter-prise Defense Infrastructure, including— (A) identifying all of the cloud initiatives across the Department of Defense, and deter-mining the objectives of such initiatives in connection with the intended scope of the In-frastructure; (B) identifying all the systems and applica-tions that the Department would intend to migrate to the Infrastructure; (C) conducting rationalization of applica-tions to identify applications and systems that may duplicate the processing of work-loads in connection with the Infrastructure; and (D) as result of such actions, arriving at dispositions about migration or termination of systems and applications in connection with the Infrastructure. (b) L
IMITATION ON NEWSYSTEMS AND APPLI-
CATIONS .—The Deputy Secretary shall re-quire that no new system or application will be approved for development or moderniza-tion without an assessment that such system or application is already, or can and would be, cloud-hosted. (c) I
NTEGRATION AND SUPPORT .—The Dep- uty Secretary shall ensure that the activi-ties conducted under subsection (a) are inte-grated with and support the plan of the De-partment to acquire and migrate to commer-cial cloud services. (d) T
RANSPARENCY AND COMPETITION .—The Deputy Secretary shall ensure that the ac-quisition approach of the Department con-tinues to follow the Federal Acquisition Reg-ulation, including part 16.504(c) of such regu-lation, regarding procedures relating to the preference for multiple awards. Subtitle I—Other Matters 
SEC. 891. PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TELE-COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In its 2011 ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on Military and Security Developments In-volving the People’s Republic of China’’, the Department of Defense stated, ‘‘China’s de-fense industry has benefited from integra-tion with a rapidly expanding civilian econ-omy and science and technology sector, par-ticularly elements that have access to for-eign technology. Progress within individual defense sectors appears linked to the relative integration of each, through China’s civilian economy, into the global production and R&D chain . . . Information technology com-panies in particular, including Huawei, Datang, and Zhongxing, maintain close ties to the PLA.’’. (2) In a 2011 report titled ‘‘The National Se-curity Implications of Investments and Prod-ucts from the People’s Republic of China in the Telecommunications Sector’’, the United States China Commission stated that ‘‘[n]ational security concerns have accom-panied the dramatic growth of China’s telecom sector. . . . Additionally, large Chi-nese companies—particularly those ‘national champions’ prominent in China’s ‘going out’ strategy of overseas expansion—are directly subject to direction by the Chinese Com-munist Party, to include support for PRC state policies and goals.’’. (3) The Commission further stated in its report that ‘‘[f]rom this point of view, the clear economic benefits of foreign invest-ment in the U.S. must be weighed against the potential security concerns related to in-frastructure components coming under the control of foreign entities. This seems par-ticularly applicable in the telecommuni-cations industry, as Chinese companies con-tinue systematically to acquire significant holdings in prominent global and U.S. tele-communications and information technology companies.’’. (4) In its 2011 Annual Report to Congress, the United States China Commission stated that ‘‘[t]he extent of the state’s control of the Chinese economy is difficult to quantify . . . There is also a category of companies that, though claiming to be private, are sub-ject to state influence. Such companies are often in new markets with no established SOE leaders and enjoy favorable government policies that support their development while posing obstacles to foreign competi-tion. Examples include Chinese telecoms giant Huawei and such automotive compa-nies as battery maker BYD and vehicle man-ufacturers Geely and Chery.’’. (5) General Michael Hayden, who served as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and Director of the National Security Agen-cy, stated in July 2013 that Huawei had ‘‘shared with the Chinese state intimate and extensive knowledge of foreign telecommuni-cations systems it is involved with’’. (6) The Federal Bureau of Investigation, in a February 2015 Counterintelligence Strat-egy Partnership Intelligence Note stated that, ‘‘[w]ith the expanded use of Huawei Technologies Inc. equipment and services in U.S. telecommunications service provider networks, the Chinese Government’s poten-tial access to U.S. business communications is dramatically increasing. Chinese Govern-ment-supported telecommunications equip-ment on U.S. networks may be exploited through Chinese cyber activity, with China’s intelligence services operating as an ad-vanced persistent threat to U.S. networks.’’. (7) The FBI further stated in its February 2015 counterintelligence note that ‘‘China makes no secret that its cyber warfare strat-egy is predicated on controlling global com-munications network infrastructure’’. (8) At a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives on September 30, 2015, Deputy Sec-retary of Defense Robert Work, responding to a question about the use of Huawei tele-communications equipment, stated, ‘‘In the Office of the Secretary of Defense, absolutely not. And I know of no other—I don’t believe we operate in the Pentagon, any [Huawei] systems in the Pentagon.’’. (9) At that hearing, the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, Admiral Mike Rogers, responding to a question about why such Huawei telecommunications equip-ment is not used, stated, ‘‘As we look at sup-ply chain and we look at potential vulnerabilities within the system, that it is a risk we felt was unacceptable.’’. (10) In March 2017, ZTE Corporation pled guilty to conspiring to violate the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act by illegally shipping U.S.-origin items to Iran, paying the United States Government a penalty of $892,360,064 for activity between January 2010 and January 2016. (11) The Department of the Treasury’s Of-fice of Foreign Assets Control issued a sub-poena to Huawei as part of a Federal inves-tigation of alleged violations of trade re-strictions on Cuba, Iran, Sudan, and Syria. (12) In the bipartisan ‘‘Investigative Report on the United States National Security Issues Posed by Chinese Telecommunication Companies Huawei and ZTE’’ released in 2012 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3449 June 11, 2018 
by the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives, it was recommended that ‘‘U.S. government systems, particularly sensitive systems, should not include Huawei or ZTE equip-ment, including in component parts. Simi-larly, government contractors—particularly those working on contracts for sensitive U.S. programs—should exclude ZTE or Huawei equipment in their systems.’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OR PROCUREMENT .— The Secretary of Defense may not— (1) procure or obtain or extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain any equip-ment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system; or (2) enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) with an entity that uses any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential compo-nent of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES .—The prohibition under subsection (b)(1) shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and the prohibition under subsection (b)(2) shall take effect three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to— (1) prohibit the Secretary of Defense from procuring with an entity to provide a service that connects to the facilities of a third- party, such as backhaul, roaming, or inter-connection arrangements; or (2) cover telecommunications equipment that cannot route or redirect user data traf-fic or permit visibility into any user data or packets that such equipment transmits or otherwise handles (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘covered foreign country’’ means the Peo-ple’s Republic of China. (2) C
OVERED TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIP -
MENT OR SERVICES .—The term ‘‘covered tele-communications equipment or services’’ means any of the following: (A) Telecommunications equipment pro-duced by Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Corporation (or any subsidiary or affil-iate of such entities). (B) Telecommunications services provided by such entities or using such equipment. (C) Telecommunications equipment or services produced or provided by an entity that the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-tion with the Director of the National Intel-ligence or the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, reasonably believes to be an entity owned or controlled by, or otherwise connected to, the government of a covered foreign country. 
SEC. 892. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS PEND-ING SUBMITTAL OF REPORT ON ARMY MARKETING AND ADVER-TISING PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a re-port on the recommendations contained in the audit of the Army Audit Agency of the Army’s Marketing and Advertising Program concerning contract oversight and return on investment. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall address each of the fol-lowing: (A) The mitigation and oversight measures implemented to assure improved program re-turn and contract management, including the establishment of specific goals to meas-ure long-term effects of investments in mar-keting efforts. (B) The establishment of a review process to regularly evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of marketing efforts, including ef-forts to better support the accessions mis-sions of the Army. (C) The increase of acquisition and mar-keting experience within the Army Mar-keting and Research Group (in this section referred to as the ‘‘AMRG’’). (D) A workforce analysis of AMRG in co-operation with the Office of Personnel Man-agement and industry experts assessing the AMRG organizational structure, staffing, and training, including an assessment of the workplace climate and culture internal to the AMRG. (E) The establishment of an Army Mar-keting and Advisory Board comprised of sen-ior Army and marketing and advertising leaders and an assessment of industry and service marketing and advertising best prac-tices, including a plan to incorporate rel-evant practices. (F) The status of the implementation of contracting practices recommended by the Army Audit Agency’s audit of contracting oversight of AMRG contained in Audit Re-port A-2018-0033-MTH. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Not more than 50 percent of the amounts author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for the AMRG for fiscal year 2019 for advertising and marketing ac-tivities may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Army submits the re-port required under subsection (a). (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the sub-mittal of the report required under sub-section (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the results and implementation of the rec-ommendations of the Army Audit Agency Audits of the AMRG on contract oversight and return on investment. The review shall include an assessment of the effects of the implementation of the recommendations on the AMRG leadership, workforce, and busi-ness practices, and return on investment. 
SEC. 893. PERMANENT SBIR AND STTR AUTHOR-ITY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (m), by inserting ‘‘, except with respect to the Department of Defense’’ after ‘‘September 30, 2022’’; and (2) in subsection (n)(1)(A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(or, with respect to the Department of Defense, any fiscal year)’’ after ‘‘2022’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘(or, with respect to the Department of Defense, for any fiscal year)’’ after ‘‘for that fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 894. PROCUREMENT OF TELECOMMUNI-CATIONS SUPPLIES FOR EXPERI-MENTAL PURPOSES. 
Section 2373 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘telecommuni-cations,’’ after ‘‘space flight,’’. 
SEC. 895. ACCESS BY DEVELOPMENTAL AND OPERATIONAL TESTING ACTIVITIES TO DATA REGARDING MODELING AND SIMULATION ACTIVITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 139(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The Director shall have prompt access to all data regarding modeling and simula-tion activity proposed to be used by military departments and defense agencies in support of operational or live fire test and evaluation of military capabilities. This access shall in-clude data associated with verification, vali-dation, and accreditation activities.’’. (b) ADDITIONAL TESTING DATA.—Develop- mental Test and Evaluation activities under the leadership of the Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall have prompt access to all data regarding modeling and simulation activity proposed to be used by military de-partments and defense agencies in support of developmental test and evaluation of mili-tary capabilities. This access shall include data associated with verification, validation, and accreditation activities. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters 
SEC. 901. POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RE-SEARCH AND ENGINEERING IN CON-NECTION WITH PRIORITY EMERG-ING TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out duties under section 133a of title 10, United States Code, in connection with the National De-fense Strategy of the Department of Defense of 2018, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall have the au-thority to direct the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments, and the heads of all other elements of the Department of Defense with regard to matters for which the Under Sec-retary has responsibility, with respect to programs, projects, and activities in connec-tion with technology areas given priority, including technology areas as follows: (1) Directed energy. (2) Hypersonics. (3) Artificial intelligence. (4) Future space satellite architectures. (b) D
IRECTION OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary shall carry out any powers and duties under this section under the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section may be construed as altering or revising the authority, direction, and con-trol of the Under Secretary by the Secretary of Defense and the Deputy Secretary of De-fense. (c) S
ATELLITE ARCHITECTURES .— (1) N
O DIRECTIONAL AUTHORITY FOR SPACE  
LAUNCH VEHICLES .—The authority in sub-section (a) with respect to future space sat-ellite architectures does not include the fol-lowing: (A) Authority for space launch vehicles. (B) Authority for direction of the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle program, includ-ing any program, project, or activity relat-ing to the Next Generation Launch System. (2) F
INAL DECISIONAL AUTHORITY ON ARCHI -
TECTURES .—The Deputy Secretary of Defense shall have final decisional authority over any decision on future space satellite archi-tecture under the authority in subsection (a). The Deputy Secretary shall exercise such final decisional authority in consultation with the Secretaries of the military depart-ments. (d) C
OORDINATION .—In executing powers and duties under this section, the Under Sec-retary shall consult with appropriate offi-cials of the military departments and the Defense Agencies in order to maximize sup-port of effective and efficient execution of the National Defense Strategy referred to in subsection (a). (e) E
XPIRATION .—The authority of the Under Secretary under this section shall ex-pire on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3450 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 902. REDESIGNATION AND MODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PER-SONNEL AND READINESS. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION AND RESPONSIBILITIES AS  U
NDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PER-
SONNEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 136 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and Readiness’’ each place it appears; and (B) by striking subsection (d). (2) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 136. Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel’’. (b) D
ESIGNATION AS CHIEF HUMAN CAPITAL  O
FFICER .—Such section is further amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(b)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Under Secretary is the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Defense for purposes of chapter 14 of title 5.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 4 of such title is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 136 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘136. Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel.’’. (d) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE 10 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Title 10, United States Code, is further amended as follows: (A) In section 131(b)(3), by striking sub-paragraph (E) and inserting the following new subparagraph (E): ‘‘(D) The Undersecretary of Defense for Personnel.’’. (B) In section 137(c), by striking ‘‘and Readiness’’. (2) E
XECUTIVE SCHEDULE LEVEL III .—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by striking the item relating to the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Read-iness and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel.’’. (e) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference to the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel. 
SEC. 903. MODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DE-FENSE FOR POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 134(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) The Under Secretary shall assist the Secretary of Defense in the following: ‘‘(A) Preparing the National Defense Strat-egy, as required by section 113 of this title. ‘‘(B) Preparing policy guidance for the preparation of campaign and contingency plans by the commanders of the combatant commands, and in reviewing such plans. ‘‘(C) Preparing policy guidance for the de-velopment of the global force posture. ‘‘(D) Preparing policy guidance to direct the formulation of program and budget re-quests by the military departments and other elements of the Department of De-fense, and reviewing such requests in the anual planning, programming, and budget process. ‘‘(E) Developing planning scenarios that describe the present and future strategic and operational environments by which to assess joint force capabilities and readiness. ‘‘(F) Developing specific outcomes that the joint force should be ready to achieve and conducting assessments of the readiness of the joint force to achieve such outcomes. ‘‘(G) Devising specific criteria to direct re-views by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the implementa-tion of the capability and readiness prior-ities of the Secretary.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on February 1, 2019. 
SEC. 904. REPORT ON ALLOCATION OF FORMER RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR AC-QUISITION, TECHNOLOGY, AND LO-GISTICS. 
Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the following: (1) A list of each provision of law, whether within or outside title 10, United States Code, in force as of the date of the report that, as of that date, assigns a duty, respon-sibility, or other requirement to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics. (2) For each duty, responsibility, or other requirement specified in a provision of law listed pursuant to paragraph (1), the alloca-tion of such duty, responsibility, or require-ment within the Department of Defense, in-cluding— (A) solely to the Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering; (B) solely to the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment; (C) on a shared basis between the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engi-neering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment; (D) solely to another official or organiza-tion of the Department; (E) on a shared basis between other offi-cials and organizations of the Department; or (F) not allocated. 
SEC. 905. ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR STRATEGY, PLANS, ASSESS-MENTS, READINESS, AND CAPABILI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 138(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5)(A) One of the Assistant Secretaries is the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strat-egy, Plans, Assessments, Readiness and Ca-pabilities. ‘‘(B) The principal duty of the Assistant Secretary shall be to support the Secretary of Defense in developing the National De-fense Strategy (as required by section 113 of this title) and related policy guidance for the campaign and contingency plans, force de-velopment and defense posture priorities, and readiness objectives required to execute the Strategy. ‘‘(C) Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary and the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Assist-ant Secretary shall be responsible for the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) In matters relating to strategy and force planning, the following: ‘‘(I) Supporting the Secretary and the Under Secretary in preparing the National Defense Strategy. ‘‘(II) Producing policy guidance to direct the formulation of program and budget re-quests by the military departments and other elements of the Department, including the Defense Planning Guidance as required by section 113 of this title, and review such program and budget requests. ‘‘(III) Proposing alternative force sizes and structures, joint capabilities and concepts, and roles and missions for the armed forces to inform the development of annual pro-gram and budget requests. ‘‘(ii) In matters relating to plans and force posture, the following: ‘‘(I) Supporting the Secretary and the Under Secretary in producing policy guid-ance to inform the development of campaign and contingency plans by the commanders of the combatant commands, including the Contingency Planning Guidance for Employ-ment of the Force and the Global Defense Posture Report as required by section 113 of this title, and reviewing such plans. ‘‘(II) Advising the Secretary and the Under Secretary on alternative concepts for the employment and posture of the joint force to align with the National Defense Strategy and other approved policy guidance of the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) In matters relating to assessments, the following: ‘‘(I) Developing planning scenarios that de-scribe the present and future strategic and operational environments by which to assess joint force capabilities and readiness. ‘‘(II) Producing detailed assessments at the strategic, campaign, and mission levels (in-cluding through war games) to evaluate the present and future capability and readiness of the armed forces to conduct joint military campaigns or competitions that are prioritized in approved policy guidance of the Secretary. ‘‘(III) Devising specific criteria to direct reviews by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the implementa-tion of the capability and readiness prior-ities established in approved policy guidance of the Secretary. ‘‘(iv) In matters relating to readiness, the following: ‘‘(I) Describing the strategic, campaign, and mission outcomes that the joint force should be ready to achieve and by which joint force readiness will be assessed, in ac-cordance with approved strategic guidance of the Secretary. ‘‘(II) Conducting assessments of the readi-ness of the joint force to perform the mis-sions prioritized in the National Defense Strategy and other approved policy guidance of the Secretary, including through the ob-servation of military training and exercises. ‘‘(v) In matters relating to strategic capa-bilities, developing and supervising policy, program planning and execution, and alloca-tion and use of resources for any strategic capabilities designated by the Under Sec-retary.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on February 1, 2019. 
SEC. 906. CLARIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES OF THE CHIEF INFOR-MATION OFFICER OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 142(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(other than with respect to business sys-tems and management)’’ after ‘‘sections 3506(a)(2)’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 11315 of title 40’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 11315 and 11319 of title 40 (other than with re-spect to business systems and manage-ment)’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sec-tions 2222, 2223(a), and 2224 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 2223(a) (other than with respect to business systems and manage-ment) and 2224 of this title’’. 
SEC. 907. SPECIFICATION OF CERTAIN DUTIES OF THE DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFOR-MATION CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In addition to any other duties specified for the Defense Technical In-formation Center by law, regulation, or De-partment of Defense directive or instruction, the duties of the Center shall include the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3451 June 11, 2018 
(1) To execute the Global Research Watch Program under section 2365 of title 10, United States Code. (2) To develop and maintain datasets and other data repositories on research and engi-neering activities being conducted within the Department. (b) A
CTION PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a plan of action for the commencement by the Defense Technical Information Center of the duties specified in subsection (a). 
SEC. 908. LIMITATION ON TERMINATION OF, AND TRANSFER OF FUNCTIONS, RESPON-SIBILITIES, AND ACTIVITIES OF, THE STRATEGIC CAPABILITIES OFFICE. 
(a) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not terminate the Strategic Capabili-ties Office or transfer the functions or re-sponsibilities of such office to another entity or organization until the Secretary— (1) certifies to the congressional defense committees that the key functions, respon-sibilities, and activities of the office will be replicated and managed elsewhere after such office has been terminated or its functions, responsibilities, or activities have been transferred; (2) submits to the congressional defense committees— (A) a plan to replicate and manage such functions, responsibilities, and activities elsewhere; and (B) if the Secretary decides that the Stra-tegic Capabilities Office, or subsequent enti-ty, should report to an official other than the Under Secretary for Research and Engi-neering, a justification for such decision. (b) K
EYFUNCTIONS .—The key functions of the office referred to in subsection (a)(1) are the following: (1) Repurposing existing Government and commercial systems for new technological advantage. (2) Developing novel concepts of operation that are lower cost, more effective, and more responsive to changing threats than tradi-tional concepts of operation. (3) Developing joint systems and concepts of operations to meet emerging threats and military requirements based on partnerships with the military services and combatant commanders. (4) Developing prototypes and new con-cepts of operations that can inform the de-velopment of requirements and the estab-lishment of acquisition programs. (5) Such other functions as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 909. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE TEST RESOURCE MANAGEMENT CENTER AUTHORITY. 
Section 196 of title 10, United States Code, is amended in subsections (c)(1)(B) and (g) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics’’ and in-serting ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering’’. Subtitle B—Organization and Management of Other Department of Defense Offices and Elements 
SEC. 921. MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN RESPON-SIBILITIES OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RELAT-ING TO JOINT FORCE CONCEPT DE-VELOPMENT. 
Subparagraph (D) of section 153(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) formulating policies for development and experimentation on both urgent and long-term concepts for the joint employment of the armed forces, including establishment of a process within the Joint Staff for— ‘‘(i) analyzing and prioritizing gaps in ca-pabilities that could potentially be addressed by joint concept development using existing or modified joint force capabilities; and ‘‘(ii) ensuring that such joint concepts are tested, assessed and, if appropriate, fielded to support the joint force;’’. SEC. 922. ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR SPECIAL OPERATIONS AND LOW-INTENSITY CONFLICT REVIEW OF UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS COMMAND. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict shall, in coordination with the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command, conduct a comprehensive review of the United States Special Operations Command for purposes of ensuring that the institutional and oper-ational capabilities of special operations forces are appropriate to counter anticipated future threats across the spectrum of con-flict. (b) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—The review required by subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, the following: (1) An assessment of the adequacy of spe-cial operations forces doctrine, organization, training, materiel, education, personnel, and facilities to implement the 2018 National De-fense Strategy, and recommendations, if any, for modifications for that purpose. (2) An assessment of the roles and respon-sibilities of special operations forces as as-signed by law, Department of Defense guid-ance, or other formal designation and rec-ommendations, if any, for additions to or divestitures of such roles or responsibilities. (3) An assessment of the adequacy of the processes through which the United States Special Operations Command evaluates and prioritizes the requirements at the geo-graphic combatant commands for special op-erations forces and special operations-unique capabilities and makes recommendations on the allocation of special operations forces and special operations-unique capabilities to meet such requirements, and recommenda-tions, if any, for modifications of such proc-esses. (4) Any other matters the Assistant Sec-retary considers appropriate. (c) D
EADLINES .— (1) C
OMPLETION OF REVIEW .—The review re-quired by subsection (a) shall be completed by not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after completion of the review, the Assistant Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the review, in-cluding the findings and any recommenda-tions of the Assistant Secretary as a result of the review. 
SEC. 923. QUALIFICATIONS FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY CHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFICER OF A MILITARY DEPART-MENT. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.—An indi- vidual may not be appointed as Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of the Army unless the individual— (1) has significant experience in business operations or management in the public sec-tor; or (2) has significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.—An indi- vidual may not be appointed as Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of the Navy unless the individual— (1) has significant experience in business operations or management in the public sec-tor; or (2) has significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF THE AIRFORCE .—An in- dividual may not be appointed as Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of the Air Force unless the individual— (1) has significant experience in business operations or management in the public sec-tor; or (2) has significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. SEC. 924. EXPANSION OF PRINCIPAL DUTIES OF ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY FOR RESEARCH, DEVELOP-MENT, AND ACQUISITION. 
Section 5016(b)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and ac-quisition matters’’ and inserting ‘‘acquisi-tion, and sustainment (including mainte-nance) matters’’. 
SEC. 925. CROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAMS IN THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF CERTAIN TEAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Among the cross-func-tional teams established by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (c) of section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2345; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) in support of the organizational strategy for the De-partment of Defense required by subsection (a) of that section, the Secretary shall estab-lish a cross-functional team on each matter as follows: (A) Electronic warfare. (B) Personnel security. (C) Close combat lethality. (2) E
STABLISHMENT AND ACTIVITIES .—Each cross-functional team established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be established in ac-cordance with subsection (c) of section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, and shall be governed in its activities in accordance with the provisions of such subsection (c). (3) D
EADLINE FOR ESTABLISHMENT .—The cross-functional teams required by para-graph (1) shall be established by not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) A
DDITIONAL CROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAMS  M
ATTERS .— (1) C
RITERIA FOR DISTINGUISHING AMONG  
CROSS -FUNCTIONAL TEAMS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue criteria that distinguish cross-functional teams under sec-tion 911 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 from other types of cross-functional working groups, committees, integrated product teams, and task forces of the Department. (2) P
RIMARY RESPONSIBILITY FOR IMPLEMEN -
TATION OF TEAMS .—The Deputy Secretary of Defense shall establish or designate an office within the Department that shall have pri-mary responsibility for implementing sec-tion 911 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017. 
SEC. 926. DEADLINE FOR COMPLETION OF FULL IMPLEMENTATION OF REQUIRE-MENTS IN CONNECTION WITH ORGA-NIZATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR MANAGEMENT OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES AND SPECIAL OPERATIONS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the implementation of section 922 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2354) and the amendments made by that section is fully complete by not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle C—Organization and Management of the Department of Defense Generally 
SEC. 931. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR MAJOR HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 117 the following new section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3452 June 11, 2018 
‘‘§ 118. Major headquarters activities: limita-tion on funds available ‘‘(a) O
VERALL LIMITATION .—In any fiscal year after fiscal year 2020, the aggregate amount that may be obligated and expended on major headquarters activities may not ex-ceed an amount equal to 1.6 percent of the average amount authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense (in-cluding for overseas contingency operations) over the 10 fiscal years ending with the pre-ceding fiscal year. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY FOR PAR-
TICULAR ACTIVITIES .—Within the amount available for a fiscal year pursuant to sub-section (a), amounts shall be available as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) For the Office of the Secretary of De-fense, not more than an amount equal to 0.4 percent of the average amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of De-fense (including for overseas contingency op-erations) over the 10 fiscal years ending with the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(2) For the major headquarters activities of a military department, not more than an amount equal to 1 percent of the average amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense (including for over-seas contingency operations) for such mili-tary department over the 10 fiscal years end-ing with the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REMAINING FUNDS .— Any funds available in a fiscal year for major headquarters activities under subsection (a) after the operation of subsection (b) in con-nection with such fiscal year may be distrib-uted for availability by the Secretary of De-fense among any major headquarters activi-ties other than the Office of the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘major headquarters activi-ties’ has the meaning given the term ‘major Department of Defense headquarters activi-ties’ in section 346(b)(3) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 111 note). ‘‘(2) The term ‘major headquarters activi-ties of a military department’ means the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) In the case of the Army, the Office of the Secretary of the Army and the Army Staff. ‘‘(B) In the case of the Navy, the Office of the Secretary of the Navy, the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, and Headquarters, Marine Corps. ‘‘(C) In the case of the Air Force, the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force and the Air Staff. ‘‘(3) The term ‘Office of the Secretary of Defense’ includes the Joint Staff.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 2 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 117 the following new item: ‘‘118. Major headquarters activities: limita-tion on funds available.’’. 
SEC. 932. RESPONSIBILITY FOR POLICY ON CIVIL-IAN CASUALTY MATTERS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF SENIOR CIVILIAN OFFI-
CIAL.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Policy shall designate a senior civilian official of the Department of Defense at or above the level of Assistant Secretary of Defense to develop, coordinate, and oversee compliance with the policy of the Department relating to civilian casual-ties resulting from United States military operations. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The senior civilian official designated under subsection (a) shall ensure that the policy referred to in that subsection provides for— (1) uniform processes and standards across the combatant commands for accurately re-cording kinetic strikes by the United States military; (2) the development and dissemination of best practices for reducing the likelihood of civilian casualties from United States mili-tary operations; (3) the development of a publicly available Internet portal for the submittal of allega-tions of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations; (4) uniform processes and standards across the combatant commands for reviewing and investigating allegations of civilian casual-ties resulting from United States military operations, including the consideration of relevant information from all available sources; (5) uniform processes and standards across the combatant commands for— (A) acknowledging the responsibility of the United States military for civilian casualties resulting from United States military oper-ations; and (B) offering ex gratia payments to civilians who have been injured, or to the families of civilians killed, as a result of United States military operations, as determined to be nec-essary by the designated senior civilian offi-cial; (6) regular engagement with relevant inter-governmental and nongovernmental organi-zations; and (7) public affairs guidance with respect to matters relating to civilian casualties al-leged or confirmed to have resulted from United States military operations; and (8) such other matters with respect to ci-vilian casualties resulting from United States military operations as the designated senior civilian official considers appropriate. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the senior civilian official designated under sub-section (a) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that describes— (1) the policy developed by the senior civil-ian official under that subsection; and (2) the efforts of the Department to imple-ment such policy. 
SEC. 933. ADDITIONAL MATTERS IN CONNECTION WITH BACKGROUND AND SECURITY INVESTIGATIONS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PERSONNEL. 
(a) A DDITIONAL MATTER FOR ANNUAL RE-
PORTS .—Subsection (k)(3) of section 925 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (H) through (L) as subparagraphs (I) through (M), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following new subparagraph (H): ‘‘(H) The number of denials or revocations of a security clearance by each authorized adjudicative agency that occurred separately from a periodic reinvestigation.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (l) as sub-section (m); and (2) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-lowing new subsection (l): ‘‘(l) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— ‘‘(1) personnel security investigations, and continuous evaluation, form an integral part of the security posture of the Department of Defense; and ‘‘(2) to the extent practicable, the Depart-ment should coordinate with the security ex-ecutive agent to ensure that the results of adjudication decisions, either within initial investigations or reinvestigations, are com-municated in a transparent manner to en-sure public trust in the adjudication proc-ess.’’. SEC. 934. PROGRAM OF EXPEDITED SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR MISSION-CRIT-ICAL POSITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall establish a program for the expedited processing of se-curity clearances for mission-critical posi-tions, fulfilled by either Government or con-tract employees. Under such program, the Security Executive Agent shall complete the processing of applications for security clear-ances— (1) at the secret level in 15 or fewer days; and (2) at the top secret level in 45 days or fewer. (b) S
ECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT .—In this section, the term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Director of National Intel-ligence acting as the Security Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
SEC. 935. INFORMATION SHARING PROGRAM FOR POSITIONS OF TRUST. 
(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall es-tablish a program to share between and among Federal Government agencies and in-dustry partners of the Federal Government information regarding individuals applying for and in positions of trust, including derog-atory and suitability information. (b) P
RIVACY SAFEGUARDS .—The Security Executive Agent shall ensure that the pro-gram required by subsection (a) includes such safeguards for privacy as the Security Executive Agent considers appropriate. (c) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION TO THE PRI-
VATE SECTOR .—The Security Executive Agent shall ensure that under the program required by subsection (a) sufficient informa-tion is provided to the private sector so that employers in the private sector can make in-formed decisions about hiring and retention in positions of trust, while safeguarding per-sonnel privacy. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall submit to Congress a plan for the implementation of the program required by subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The plan required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) Matters that address privacy, security, and human resources processes. (B) Such recommendations as the Security Executive Agent may have for legislative or administrative action to carry out or im-prove the program. (e) S
ECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT .—In this section, the term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Director of National Intel-ligence acting as the Security Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
SEC. 936. REPORT ON CLEARANCE IN PERSON CONCEPT. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall sub-mit to congressional defense and intelligence committees a report on the requirements, feasibility, and advisability of implementing a clearance in person concept as described in subsection (b) for maintaining access to clas-sified information. (b) C
LEARANCE IN PERSON CONCEPT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Implementation of a clearance in person concept as described in this subsection would permit an individual who has been granted a national security clearance to maintain eligibility for access to classified information, networks, and fa-cilities after the individual has separated from service to the Federal Government or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3453 June 11, 2018 
transferred to a position that no longer re-quires access to classified information. (2) R
ECOGNITION AS CURRENT .—The concept described in paragraph (1) would also ensure that, unless otherwise directed by the Secu-rity Executive Agent, the individual’s secu-rity clearance would be recognized as cur-rent, regardless of employment status, with no further need for investigation or revalida-tion until the individual obtains a position requiring access to classified information. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall address the following: (1) Requirements for continuous vetting. (2) Appropriate safeguards for privacy. (3) An appropriate funding model. (4) Fairness to small business concerns and independent contractors. (d) S
ECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT .—In this section, the term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Director of National Intel-ligence acting as the Security Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
SEC. 937. STRATEGIC DEFENSE FELLOWS PRO-GRAM. 
(a) F ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish within the Department of Defense a civilian fellowship program designed to provide lead-ership development and the commencement of a career track toward senior leadership in the Department. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The fellowship program shall be known as the ‘‘Strategic Defense Fellows Program’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘fellows program’’). (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—An individual is eligible for participation in the fellows program if the individual— (1) is a citizen of the United States or a lawful permanent resident of the United States in the year in which the individual applies for participation in the fellows pro-gram; and (2) either— (A) possesses a graduate degree from an ac-credited institution of higher education in the United States that was awarded not later than two years before the date of the accept-ance of the individual into the fellows pro-gram; or (B) will be awarded a graduate degree from an accredited institution of higher education in the United States not later than six months after the date of the acceptance of the individual into the fellows program. (c) A
PPLICATION .— (1) A
PPLICATION REQUIRED .—Each indi-vidual seeking to participate in the fellows program shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication therefor at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall specify. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each application of an indi-vidual under this subsection shall include the following: (A) Transcripts of educational achieve-ment at the undergraduate and graduate level. (B) A resume. (C) Proof of citizenship or lawful perma-nent residence. (D) An endorsement from the applicant’s graduate institution of higher education. (E) An academic writing sample. (F) Letters of recommendation addressing the applicant’s character, academic ability, and any extracurricular activities. (G) A personal statement by the applicant explaining career areas of interest and moti-vations for service in the Department. (H) Such other information as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (d) S
ELECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Secretary shall select participants in the fellows pro-gram from among applicants for the fellows program for such year who qualify for par-ticipation in the fellows program based on character, commitment to public service, academic achievement, extracurricular ac-tivities, and such other qualifications for participation in the fellows program as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) NUMBER .—The number of individuals se-lected to participate in the fellows program in any year may not exceed the numbers as follows: (A) Ten individuals from each geographic region of the United States as follows: (i) The Northeast. (ii) The Southeast. (iii) The Midwest. (iv) The Southwest. (v) The West. (B) Ten additional individuals. (3) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATION .—An indi- vidual selected to participate in the fellows program may not participate in the program unless the individual successfully undergoes a background investigation applicable to the position to which the individual will be as-signed under the fellows program and other-wise meets such requirements applicable to assignment to a sensitive position within the Department that the Secretary considers ap-propriate. (e) A
SSIGNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each individual who par-ticipates in the fellows program shall be as-signed to a position in the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense. (2) P
OSITION REQUIREMENTS .—Each Under Secretary of Defense and each Director of a Defense Agency who reports directly to the Secretary shall submit to the Secretary each year the qualifications and skills to be dem-onstrated by participants in the fellows pro-gram to qualify for assignment under this subsection for service in a position of the of-fice of such Under Secretary or Director. (3) A
SSIGNMENT TO POSITIONS .—The Sec- retary shall each year assign participants in the fellows program to positions in the of-fices of the Under Secretaries and Directors described in paragraph (2). In making such assignments, the Secretary shall seek to best match the qualifications and skills of par-ticipants in the fellows program with the re-quirements of positions available for assign-ment. Each participant so assigned shall serve as a special assistant to the Under Sec-retary or Director to whom assigned. (4) T
ERM.—The term of each assignment under the fellows program shall be one year. (5) P
AY AND BENEFITS .—An individual as-signed to a position under the fellows pro-gram shall be compensated at the rate of compensation for employees at level GS–10 of the General Schedule, and shall be treated as an employee of the United States during the term of assignment, including for pur-poses of eligibility for health care benefits and retirement benefits available to employ-ees of the United States. (6) E
DUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT .—To the extent that funds are provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary may repay any loan of a participant in the fellows program if the loan is described by subpara-graph (A), (B), or (C) of section 16301(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code. Any repayment of loans under this paragraph shall be on a first-come, first-served basis. (f) C
AREER DEVELOPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that participants in the fellows pro-gram— (A) receive opportunities and support ap-propriate for the commencement of a career track within the Department leading toward a future position of senior leadership within the Department, including ongoing mentorship support through appropriate per-sonnel from entities within the Department such as the Defense Business Board and the Defense Innovation Board; and (B) are provided appropriate opportunities for employment and advancement within the Department upon successful completion of the fellows program. (2) RESERVATION OF POSITIONS .—In carrying out paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall re-serve for participants who successfully com-plete the fellows program not fewer than 30 positions in the excepted service within the Department that are suitable for the com-mencement of a career track toward senior leadership within the Department. Any posi-tion so reserved shall not be subject to or covered by any reduction in headquarters personnel required under any other provision of law. (3) N
ONCOMPETITIVE APPOINTMENT .—Upon the successful completion of the assignment of a participant in the fellows program in a position pursuant to subsection (e), the Sec-retary may, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, appoint the participant to a position reserved pursuant to paragraph (2) if the Secretary determines that such ap-pointment will contribute to the develop-ment of highly qualified future senior lead-ers for the Department. (4) P
UBLICATION OF SELECTION .—The Sec- retary shall publish on an Internet website of the Department available to the public the names of the individuals selected to par-ticipate in the fellows program. (g) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall under-take appropriate outreach to inform poten-tial participants in the fellows program of the nature and benefits of participation in the fellows program. (h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out this section in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary may pre-scribe for purposes of this section. (i) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, $10,000,000 may be available to carry out the fellows program in such fiscal year. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 941. ANALYSIS OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS DATASETS TO PROMOTE SAVINGS AND EFFI-CIENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense shall develop a policy on analysis of Department of Defense datasets on business management and business operations by the public for purposes of accessing data analysis capabili-ties that would promote savings and effi-ciencies and otherwise enhance the utility of such datasets to the Department. (b) I
NITIAL DISCHARGE OF POLICY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Management Officer shall commence the discharge of the policy required pursuant to subsection (a) by— (A) identifying one or more matters— (i) that are of significance to the Depart-ment of Defense; (ii) that are currently unresolved; and (iii) whose resolution from a business man-agement or business operations dataset of the Department could benefit from a method or technique of analysis not currently famil-iar to the Department; (B) identifying between three and five busi-ness management or business operations datasets of the Department not currently available to the public whose evaluation could result in novel data analysis solutions toward management or operations problems of the Department identified by the Chief Management Officer; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3454 June 11, 2018 
(C) encouraging, whether by competition or other mechanisms, the evaluation of the datasets described in subparagraph (B) by ap-propriate persons and entities in the public or private sector (including academia). (2) P
ROTECTION OF SECURITY AND CONFIDEN -
TIALITY .—In providing for the evaluation of datasets pursuant to this subsection, the Chief Management Officer shall take appro-priate actions to protect the security and confidentiality of any information contained in the dataset, including through special pre-cautions to ensure that any personally iden-tifiable information is not included and no release of information will adversely affect national security missions. 
SEC. 942. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT TO AD-VANCE CAPABILITIES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN DATA IN-TEGRATION AND ADVANCED ANA-LYTICS IN CONNECTION WITH PER-SONNEL SECURITY. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall develop a plan on research and development activities to advance the capabilities of the Depart-ment of Defense in data integration and ad-vanced analytics in connection with per-sonnel security activities of the Department. The plan shall, to the extent practicable, provide for the leveraging of the capabilities of other government entities, institutions of higher education, and private sector entities with advanced, leading-edge expertise in data integration and analytics applicable to the challenges faced by the Department in connection with personnel security. (b) C
OORDINATION .—Any activities under the plan may be carried out in coordination with the Defense Digital Service and the De-fense Innovation Board. (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall provide to the appro-priate committees of Congress a briefing on the plan. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1001. GENERAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may transfer amounts of authoriza-tions made available to the Department of Defense in this division for fiscal year 2019 between any such authorizations for that fis-cal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the total amount of authoriza-tions that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this section may not exceed $4,500,000,000. (3) E
XCEPTION FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN  
MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS .—A transfer of funds between military personnel authorizations under title IV shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in para-graph (2). (b) L
IMITATIONS .—The authority provided by subsection (a) to transfer authoriza-tions— (1) may only be used to provide authority for items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is trans-ferred; and (2) may not be used to provide authority for an item that has been denied authoriza-tion by Congress. (c) EFFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—A transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. (d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall promptly notify Congress of each trans-fer made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1002. INCLUSION OF FUNDS FOR AIR FORCE PASS-THROUGH ITEMS IN DEFENSE- WIDE BUDGET FOR THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In any budget of the President submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019, any funds for an Air Force pass-through item shall be requested in the Defense-wide budg-et of the Department of Defense rather than the budget of the Air Force. (b) A
IRFORCE PASS-THROUGH ITEM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Air Force pass-through item’’ means a program, project, or activity for which— (1) funds would otherwise be requested for the Air Force; and (2) funds made available for execution will be executed by another department, agency, or element of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1003. REPORT ON SHIFT IN REQUESTS FOR FUNDS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE ACTIVITIES FROM FUNDS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OP-ERATIONS TO FUNDS THROUGH THE BASE BUDGET. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 14 days after the submittal to Congress of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on any shift during fiscal year 2020 from requests for funds for Department of Defense activities for overseas contingency operations to re-quests for funds for such activities for the Department generally (commonly referred to as the ‘‘base budget’’). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the assumptions used by the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces in determining the programs, projects, and activities for which funds were requested for fiscal year 2019 for overseas contingency operations for which funds are requested for fiscal year 2020 for the Depart-ment generally, including any changes to the criteria for overseas contingency operations funding requests issued in 2010 and used by the Office of Management and Budget in identifying the programs, projects, and ac-tivities for which funds are so requested for fiscal year 2020. (2) The programs, projects, and activities of the Department for which funds were re-quested for fiscal year 2019 for overseas con-tingency operations that are requested in the budget for fiscal year 2020 to be funded for the Department generally, and the amount for such programs, projects, and ac-tivities, set forth at the level of detail as fol-lows: (A) For procurement, by line item. (B) For research, development, test, and evaluation, by program element (PE) num-ber. (C) For operation and maintenance, by sub- activity group (SAG). (D) For military personnel, by sub-activity group. (E) For revolving and management funds, by sub-activity group. (F) For military construction, by project. SEC. 1004. RANKING OF AUDITABILITY OF FINAN-CIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ORGANI-ZATIONS AND ELEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPORT ON RANKING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in co-ordination with the Under Secretary of De-fense (Comptroller), submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth a ranking of the auditability of the fi-nancial statements of the departments, agencies, organizations, and elements of the Department of Defense according to the progress made toward achieving auditability as required by law. (b) C
RITERIA FOR RANKING .—The criteria to be used for ranking for purposes of the report under this section shall be— (1) the criteria developed by the Under Sec-retary pursuant to section 1104 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) for a similar re-port under that section; (2) other criteria developed by the Under Secretary for purposes of the report under this section; or (3) a combination of the criteria described in paragraphs (1) and (2). (c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The report required by this section is in addition to the report re-quired by section 1104 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. 
SEC. 1005. TRANSPARENCY OF ACCOUNTING FIRMS USED TO SUPPORT DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AUDIT. 
The Secretary of Defense shall require any accounting firm under contract or under consideration for a contract or for the re-newal of an existing contract with the De-partment of Defense in support of the audit required under section 3521 of title 31, United States Code, to provide a statement setting forth the details of any disciplinary pro-ceedings with respect to the accounting firm or its associated persons before any entity with the authority to enforce compliance with rules or laws applying to audit services offered by accounting firms. Subtitle B—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
SEC. 1011. DATE OF LISTING OF VESSELS AS BAT-TLE FORCE SHIPS IN THE NAVAL VESSEL REGISTER AND OTHER FLEET INVENTORY MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7301 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) L
ISTING AS BATTLE FORCE SHIP IN  N
AVAL VESSEL REGISTER .—A covered vessel may not be listed in the Naval Vessel Reg-ister or other fleet inventory measures as a battle force ship until the delivery date spec-ified in subsection (a).’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Such section is further amended by striking subsection (d), as redes-ignated by subsection (a)(1) of this section, and inserting the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered vessel’ means any vessel of the Navy that is under construction or constructed using amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of De-fense for shipbuilding and conversion, Navy. ‘‘(2) The term ‘battle force ship’ means the following: ‘‘(A) A commissioned United States Ship warship capable of contributing to combat operations. ‘‘(B) A United States Naval Ship that con-tributes directly to Navy warfighting or sup-port missions.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3455 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 1012. ANNUAL REPORTS ON EXAMINATION OF NAVY VESSELS. 
Section 7304 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1 each year, the board designated under sub-section (a) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: ‘‘(A) An overall narrative summary of the material readiness of Navy ships as com-pared to established material requirements standards. ‘‘(B) The overall number and types of ves-sels inspected during the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(C) For in-service vessels, material readi-ness trends by inspected functional area as compared to the previous five years. ‘‘(2) F
ORM.—Each report under this sub-section shall be submitted in an unclassified form that is releasable to the public without further redaction. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—No report shall be re-quired under this subsection after October 1, 2021.’’. 
SEC. 1013. LIMITATION ON DURATION OF HOME-PORTING OF CERTAIN VESSELS IN FOREIGN LOCATIONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 7310 the following new section: ‘‘§ 7310a. Homeporting of certain vessels in overseas locations: limitation on duration ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A vessel specified in subsection (b) that is listed in the Naval Ves-sel Register may not be homeported in a lo-cation other than in the United States or Guam for a period of more than 10 consecu-tive years. ‘‘(b) S
PECIFIED VESSELS .—The vessels spec-ified in this subsection are the following: ‘‘(1) Aircraft carrier. ‘‘(2) Amphibious ship. ‘‘(3) Cruiser. ‘‘(4) Destroyer. ‘‘(5) Frigate. ‘‘(c) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief of Naval Oper-ations may waive the applicability of sub-section (a) to a ship. ‘‘(2) E
FFECTIVENESS CONTINGENT ON RE -
PORT .—A waiver under paragraph (1) with re-spect to a ship shall go into effect on the date on which the Chief of Naval Operations submits to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the waiver setting forth the following: ‘‘(A) The ship covered by the waiver. ‘‘(B) The duration of the waiver for such ship ‘‘(C) The justification of the Chief of Naval Operations for the waiver.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 633 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7310 the following new item: ‘‘7310a. Homeporting of certain vessels in overseas locations: limitation on duration.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2020, and shall apply with respect to the homeporting of vessels after that date, regardless of whether the continuous period of homeporting concerned commenced before that date. 
SEC. 1014. SPECIFIC AUTHORIZATION REQUIRE-MENT FOR NUCLEAR REFUELING OF AIRCRAFT CARRIERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 7314 the following new section: ‘‘§ 7314a. Nuclear refueling of aircraft car-riers: specific authorization required ‘‘Funds may not be obligated or expended for the procurement of a naval nuclear reac-tor power unit or associated reactor compo-nents for the nuclear refueling of an aircraft carrier unless such refueling is specifically authorized, by ship name and hull number, by statute.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 633 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7314 the following new item: ‘‘7314a. Nuclear refueling of aircraft carriers: specific authorization re-quired.’’. 
SEC. 1015. DISMANTLEMENT AND DISPOSAL OF NUCLEAR-POWERED AIRCRAFT CAR-RIERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 7320. Nuclear-powered aircraft carriers: dismantlement and disposal ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not less than 90 days be-fore the award of a contract for the dis-mantlement and disposal of a nuclear-pow-ered aircraft carrier, or the provision of funds to a naval shipyard for the dismantle-ment and disposal of a nuclear-powered air-craft carrier, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report setting forth the following: ‘‘(1) A cost and schedule baseline for the dismantlement and disposal approved by the service acquisition executive of the Depart-ment of the Navy and the Chief of Naval Op-erations. ‘‘(2) An independent cost estimate of the dismantlement and disposal prepared by the Office of Cost Analysis and Program Evalua-tion. ‘‘(3) A description of the regulatory frame-work applicable to the management of radio-active materials in connection with the dis-mantlement and disposal, including, in cases in which the Navy intends to have another government entity serve as the regulatory enforcement authority— ‘‘(A) a certification from that entity of its agreement to serve as the regulatory en-forcement authority; and ‘‘(B) a description of the legal basis for the authority of that entity to serve as the regu-latory enforcement authority. ‘‘(b) S
UPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION WITH B
UDGETS .—In the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in sup-port of the budget of the President for a fis-cal year (as submitted to Congress under sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31), the Secretary of the Navy shall include information on each dis-mantlement and disposal of a nuclear-pow-ered aircraft carrier occurring or planned to occur during the period of the future-years defense program submitted to Congress with that budget. Such information shall include, by ship concerned, the following: ‘‘(1) A summary of activities and signifi-cant developments in connection with such dismantlement and disposal. ‘‘(2) If applicable, a detailed description of cost and schedule performance against the baseline for such dismantlement and dis-posal established pursuant to subsection (a), including a description of and explanation for any variance from such baseline. ‘‘(3) A description of the amounts re-quested, or intended or estimated to be re-quested, for such dismantlement and dis-posal for each of the following: ‘‘(A) Each fiscal year covered by the fu-ture-years defense program. ‘‘(B) Any fiscal years before the fiscal years covered by the future-years defense program. ‘‘(C) Any fiscal years after the end of the period of the future-years defense program. ‘‘(c) FUTURE -YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘future- years defense program’ means the future- years defense program required by section 221 of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 633 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘7320. Nuclear-powered aircraft carriers; dis-mantlement and disposal.’’. 
SEC. 1016. NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
Section 2218(f)(3)(C) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘two foreign constructed ships’’ and inserting ‘‘seven foreign constructed ships during the period beginning with fiscal year 2019 and ending with fiscal year 2030’’. 
SEC. 1017. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF HOSPITAL SHIPS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Navy may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, transfer, or place in stor-age any hospital ship. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the limitation in subsection (a) with respect to a hospital ship if the Sec-retary certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary has— (1) identified a replacement capability, and the necessary quantity of systems, to meet all hospital ship requirements of the combat-ant commands that are currently being met by such hospital ship; (2) achieved initial operational capability of all systems described in paragraph (1); and (3) deployed a sufficient quantity of sys-tems described in paragraph (1) that have achieved initial operational capability in order to continue to meet or exceed all re-quirements of the combatant commands that are currently being met by such hospital ship. Subtitle C—Counterterrorism 
SEC. 1021. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RE-LEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 1033 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1022. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CONSTRUCT OR MOD-IFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 1034(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1023. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RE-LEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO CER-TAIN COUNTRIES. 
Section 1035 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1024. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CLOSE OR RELIN-QUISH CONTROL OF UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 1036 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3456 June 11, 2018 
Law 115–91) is amended inserting ‘‘or 2019’’ after ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’. 
SEC. 1025. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES TEM-PORARILY FOR EMERGENCY OR CRITICAL MEDICAL TREATMENT. 
(a) T EMPORARY TRANSFER FOR MEDICAL  T
REATMENT .—Notwithstanding section 1033 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), as amended by section 1021 of this Act, or any similar provision of law enacted after Sep-tember 30, 2015, the Secretary of Defense may, after consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, temporarily transfer an individual detained at Guantanamo to a Department of Defense medical facility in the United States for the sole purpose of pro-viding the individual medical treatment if the Secretary of Defense determines that— (1) the medical treatment of the individual is necessary to prevent death or imminent significant injury or harm to the health of the individual; (2) the necessary medical treatment is not available to be provided at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, without incurring excessive and unreason-able costs; and (3) the Department of Defense has provided for appropriate security measures for the custody and control of the individual during any period in which the individual is tempo-rarily in the United States under this sec-tion. (b) L
IMITATION ON EXERCISE OF AUTHOR -
ITY.—The authority of the Secretary of De-fense under subsection (a) may be exercised only by the Secretary of Defense or another official of the Department of Defense at the level of Under Secretary of Defense or high-er. (c) C
ONDITIONS OF TRANSFER .—An indi- vidual who is temporarily transferred under the authority in subsection (a) shall— (1) while in the United States, remain in the custody and control of the Secretary of Defense at all times; and (2) be returned to United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as soon as fea-sible after a Department of Defense physi-cian determines, in consultation with the Commander, Joint Task Force-Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, that any necessary follow-up medical care may reasonably be provided the individual at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. (d) S
TATUS WHILE IN UNITED STATES .—An individual who is temporarily transferred under the authority in subsection (a), while in the United States— (1) shall be deemed at all times and in all respects to be in the uninterrupted custody of the Secretary of Defense, as though the individual remained physically at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; (2) shall not at any time be subject to, and may not apply for or obtain, or be deemed to enjoy, any right, privilege, status, benefit, or eligibility for any benefit under any provi-sion of the immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)), or any other law or regulation; (3) shall not be permitted to avail himself of any right, privilege, or benefit of any law of the United States beyond those available to individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay; and (4) shall not, as a result of such transfer, have a change in any designation that may have attached to that detainee while de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, pursuant to the Author-ization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40), as determined in accordance with ap-plicable law and regulations. (e) NOCAUSE OF ACTION .—Any decision to transfer or not to transfer an individual made under the authority in subsection (a) shall not give rise to any claim or cause of action. (f) L
IMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .— (1) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider any claim or action against the United States or its departments, agencies, officers, employees, or agents arising from or relating to any aspect of the detention, transfer, treatment, or conditions of confinement of an individual transferred under this section. (2) E
XCEPTION FOR HABEAS CORPUS .—The United States District Court for the District of Columbia shall have exclusive jurisdiction to consider an application for writ of habeas corpus seeking release from custody filed by or on behalf of an individual who is in the United States pursuant to a temporary transfer under the authority in subsection (a). Such jurisdiction shall be limited to that required by the Constitution, and relief shall be only as provided in paragraph (3). In such a proceeding the court may not review, halt, or stay the return of the individual who is the object of the application to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, pursuant to subsection (c). (3) R
ELIEF .—A court order in a proceeding covered by paragraph (2)— (A) may not order the release of the indi-vidual within the United States; and (B) shall be limited to an order of release from custody which, when final, the Sec-retary of Defense shall implement in accord-ance with section 1034 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 801 note). (g) N
OTIFICATION .—Whenever a temporary transfer of an individual detained at Guanta-namo is made under the authority of sub-section (a), the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the transfer not later than five days after the date on which the transfer is made. (h) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo’’ means an individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of Octo-ber 1, 2009, who— (1) is not a national of the United States (as defined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)) or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. (i) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply to an individual temporarily trans-ferred under the authority in subsection (a) regardless of the status of any pending or completed proceeding or detention on the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations 
SEC. 1031. STRATEGIC GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
Section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (2) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs (2) through (4): ‘‘(2)(A) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1), the Secretary, with the ad-vice of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall each year provide to the officials and officers referred in paragraph (1)(A), and submit to the congressional defense commit-tees, written guidance (to be known as ‘De-fense Planning Guidance’) establishing goals, priorities, and objectives, including fiscal constraints, to direct the preparation and re-view of the program and budget rec-ommendations of all elements of the Depart-ment, including— ‘‘(i) the priority military missions of the Department, including the assumed force planning scenarios and constructs; ‘‘(ii) the force size and shape, force posture, defense capabilities, force readiness, infra-structure, organization, personnel, techno-logical innovation, and other elements of the defense program necessary to support the strategy required by paragraph (1); ‘‘(iii) the resource levels projected to be available for the period of time for which such recommendations and proposals are to be effective; and ‘‘(iv) a discussion of any changes in the strategy required by paragraph (1) and as-sumptions underpinning the strategy, as re-quired by paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) The guidance required by this para-graph shall be produced in February each year in order to support the planning and budget process. The guidance shall be sub-mitted to the congressional defense commit-tees together with the budget of the Presi-dent (as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31) for the fiscal year beginning in the year in which such guidance is submitted. ‘‘(3)(A) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1) and in conjunction with the reporting requirement in section 2687a of this title, the Secretary, with the approval of the President and the advice of the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall, on the basis provided in subparagraph (E), provide to the officials and officers referred to in paragraph (1)(A), and submit to the congres-sional defense committees, written guidance (to be known as ‘Contingency Planning Guid-ance’ or ‘Guidance for Employment of the Force’) on the preparation and review of con-tingency and campaign plans, including plans for providing support to civil authori-ties in an incident of national significance or a catastrophic incident, for homeland de-fense, and for military support to civil au-thorities. ‘‘(B) The guidance required by this para-graph shall include the following: ‘‘(i) A description of the manner in which limited existing forces and resources shall be prioritized and apportioned to achieve the objectives described in the strategy required by paragraph (1). ‘‘(ii) A description of the relative priority of contingency and campaign plans, specific force levels, and supporting resource levels projected to be available for the period of time for which such plans are to be effective. ‘‘(C) The guidance required by this para-graph shall include the following: ‘‘(i) Prioritized global, regional, and func-tional policy objectives that the armed forces should plan to achieve, including plans for deliberate and contingency sce-narios. ‘‘(ii) Policy and strategic assumptions that should guide military planning, including the role of foreign partners. ‘‘(iii) Guidance on global posture and glob-al force management. ‘‘(iv) Security cooperation priorities. ‘‘(v) Specific guidance on United States and Department nuclear policy. ‘‘(D) The guidance required by this para-graph shall be the primary source document to be used by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in— ‘‘(i) executing the global military integra-tion responsibilities described in section 153 of this title; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3457 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(ii) developing implementation guidance for the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the com-manders of the combatant commands. ‘‘(E) The guidance required by this para-graph shall be produced every two years, or more frequently as needed. ‘‘(F) The guidance required by this para-graph shall be submitted to the congres-sional defense committees as required by subparagraph (A) in February of each year in which produced, and shall be accompanied by any written implementation documentation produced by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff for purposes of such guidance. ‘‘(4)(A) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1), the Secretary, with the ad-vice of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall each year produce, and submit to the congressional defense committee, a re-port (to be known as the ‘Global Defense Posture Report’) that shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) A description of major changes to United States forces, capabilities, and equip-ment assigned and allocated outside the United States, focused on significant alter-ations, additions, or reductions to such glob-al defense posture that are required to exe-cute the strategy and plans of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(ii) A description of the supporting net-work of infrastructure, facilities, pre-posi-tioned stocks, and war reserve materiel re-quired for execution of major contingency plans of the Department. ‘‘(iii) A list of all enduring locations, in-cluding main operating bases, forward oper-ating sites, and cooperative security loca-tions. ‘‘(iv) A description of the status of treaty, access, cost-sharing, and status-protection agreements with foreign nations. ‘‘(v) A summary of the priority posture ini-tiatives for each region by the commanders of the combatant commands. ‘‘(vi) For each military department, a sum-mary of the implications for overseas pos-ture of any force structure changes. ‘‘(vii) A description of the costs incurred outside the United States during the pre-ceding fiscal year in connection with oper-ating, maintaining, and supporting United States forces outside the United States for each military department, broken out by country, and whether for operation and maintenance, infrastructure, or transpor-tation. ‘‘(viii) A description of the amount of di-rect support for the stationing of United States forces provided by each host nation during the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(B) The report required by this paragraph shall be submitted to the congressional de-fense committees as required by subpara-graph (A) by not later than April 30 each year. ‘‘(C) In this paragraph, the term ‘United States’, when used in a geographic sense, in-cludes the territories and possessions of the United States’’. 
SEC. 1032. GUIDANCE ON THE ELECTRONIC WAR-FARE MISSION AREA AND JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC SPECTRUM OP-ERATIONS. 
(a) P ROCESSES AND PROCEDURES FOR INTE-
GRATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall— (1) establish processes and procedures to develop, integrate, and enhance the elec-tronic warfare mission area and the conduct of joint electromagnetic spectrum oper-ations in all domains across the Department of Defense; and (2) ensure that such processes and proce-dures provide for integrated defense-wide strategy, planning, and budgeting with re-spect to the conduct of such operations by the Department, including activities con-ducted to counter and deter such operations by malign actors. (b) DESIGNATED SENIOR OFFICIAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall des-ignate a senior official of the Department of Defense (in this section referred to as the ‘‘designated senior official’’) who shall im-plement and oversee the processes and proce-dures established under subsection (a). The designated senior official shall be designated by the Secretary from among individuals serving in the Department at or below the level of Under Secretary of Defense. The des-ignated senior official shall oversee and chair the cross-functional team established pursuant to subsection (c) and the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee established in March 2015. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The designated sen-ior official shall have, with respect to the implementation and oversight of the proc-esses and procedures established under sub-section (a), the following responsibilities: (A) Development of a strategic framework for the conduct and execution of the elec-tronic warfare mission area and joint elec-tromagnetic spectrum operations by the De-partment, coordinated across all relevant elements of the Department, including both near-term and long-term guidance for the conduct of such operations. (B) Oversight of resource management for the development and integration of elec-tronic warfare capabilities of the Depart-ment. (3) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION ON BUDGETING  
FOR CERTAIN CAPABILITIES .—Each budget for fiscal years 2020 through 2024 submitted by the President to Congress pursuant to sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, shall include a certification by the senior designated official, as chair of the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee, whether suf-ficient funds are requested in such budget for anticipated activities in such fiscal year for each of the following: (A) The development of an Electro-magnetic Battle Management capability for joint electromagnetic spectrum operations. (B) The establishment and operation of as-sociated Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations cells. (c) C
ROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAM FOR ELEC-
TRONIC WARFARE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary shall, in accordance with section 911(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2345; 10 U.S.C. 111 note), establish a cross-functional team for electronic warfare in order to identify gaps in electronic war-fare capabilities and capacities within the Department across personnel, procedural, and equipment areas. (2) S
PECIFIC DUTIES .—The cross-functional team established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall provide recommendations to address gaps identified as described in that para-graph to the senior designated official. (d) P
LANS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR ELEC-
TRONIC WARFARE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-quire the designated senior official to task the cross-functional team established pursu-ant to subsection (c) to develop requirements and specific plans for addressing personnel and capability gaps in the electronic warfare mission area, and plans for future warfare in that domain (including a roadmap for the next five years). (2) U
PDATE OF STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the cross-functional team shall— (A) update the strategy of the Department of Defense titled ‘‘The DOD Electronic War-fare Strategy’’ and dated June 2017 to in-clude the roadmap referred to in paragraph (1); and (B) submit the updated strategy to the des-ignated senior official for transmittal to the congressional defense committees. (3) ELEMENTS .—The requirements and plans developed by the cross-functional team pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An accounting of the efforts under-taken in support of the strategy referred to in paragraph (2)(A) since its issuance in June 2017. (B) A description of any updates or changes to the strategy since its issuance, and a de-scription of any anticipated updates or changes to the strategy as a result of the designation of the designated senior official. (C) An assessment of vulnerabilities identi-fied in the May 2015 Electronic Warfare as-sessment by the Defense Science Board. (D) An assessment of the capability of joint forces to conduct joint electromagnetic spectrum operations against near-peer ad-versaries and any capability or capacity gaps in such capability that need to be addressed, including an assessment of the ability of joint forces to conduct coordinated military operations to exploit, attack, protect, and manage the electromagnetic environment in the Signals Intelligence, Electronic Warfare, and Spectrum Management mission areas. (E) A review of the roles of offices within the Joint Staff, the Office of the Secretary of Defense, and the combatant commands with primary responsibility for joint electro-magnetic spectrum policy and operations. (F) A description of any assumptions about the roles and contributions of the Depart-ment, in coordination with other depart-ments and agencies of the United States Government, with respect to the strategy. (G) A description of actions, performance metrics, and projected timelines for achiev-ing key capabilities for electronic warfare and joint electromagnetic spectrum oper-ations to correspond to the four thematic goals identified in the strategy and as ad-dressed by the roadmap. (H) An analysis of any personnel, resourcing, capability, authority, or other gaps to be addressed in order to ensure effec-tive implementation of the strategy across all relevant elements of the Department, in-cluding an update on each of the following: (i) The development of an Electromagnetic Battle Management capability for joint elec-tromagnetic spectrum operations. (ii) The establishment and operation of Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations cells at critical combatant command loca-tions. (I) An investment framework and projected timeline for addressing any gaps described by subparagraph (H). (J) In consultation with the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency— (i) a comprehensive assessment of the elec-tronic warfare capabilities of the Russian Federation and People’s Republic of China; (ii) a review of vulnerabilities with respect to electronic systems, such as the Global Po-sitioning System, and in Department-wide abilities to conduct countermeasures in re-sponse to electronic warfare attacks; and (iii) a holistic study of all aspects of the manner in which the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China develop elec-tronic warfare doctrine, with order of battle across multiple domains, and long-term re-search trends of each country in connection with such warfare. (K) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (4) P
ERIODIC STATUS REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the requirements and plans required by paragraph (1) are sub-mitted in accordance with paragraph (2), and every 90 days thereafter during the three- year period beginning on the date such plans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3458 June 11, 2018 
and requirements are first submitted in ac-cordance with paragraph (2), the designated senior official shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report describ-ing the status of the efforts of the Depart-ment in accomplishing the tasks specified in subparagraphs (B) and (G) of paragraph (3). (e) T
RAINING AND EDUCATION .—Consistent with the elements under subsection (d)(3) of the plans and requirements required by sub-section (d)(1), the cross-functional team es-tablished pursuant to subsection (c) shall provide the senior designated official rec-ommendations for programs to provide train-ing and education to such members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department as the Secretary considers ap-propriate in order to ensure that such mem-bers and employees understand the roles and vulnerabilities associated with electronic warfare and dependence on the electro-magnetic spectrum. 
SEC. 1033. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS COMMAND GLOBAL MES-SAGING AND COUNTER-MESSAGING PLATFORM. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act may be used for United States Special Operations Command’s Global Messaging and Counter-Messaging platform until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a report containing the following elements: (1) A review of the doctrine, organization, training, materiel, leadership and education, personnel and facilities applicable to mili-tary information support personnel, includ-ing, at a minimum— (A) an assessment of current doctrine, or-ganization, training, materiel, leadership and education, personnel and facilities; and (B) recommended changes for enhancing the ability of military information support personnel to operate effectively in the cur-rent and future information environment. (2) An implementation plan for the estab-lishment of the platform, including a timeline for achieving initial and full oper-ational capability. (3) A description of the budget require-ments for the platform to reach full oper-ational capability, including an identifica-tion and cost of any infrastructure and equipment requirements. (4) A summary of costs to operate and sus-tain the platform across the future year’s de-fense plan. (5) An explanation of the Secretary’s guid-ance to the combatant commands to ensure unity of effort and prevent the proliferation of messaging and counter-messaging plat-forms. (6) A detailed description of the processes for deconfliction and, where possible, inte-gration of platform planning and activities with those of relevant departments and agencies of the United States Government, including the Department of State’s Global Engagement Center. (7) An identification of any additional au-thorities that may be required for achieving full operational capability of the platform. (8) Any other matters deemed relevant by the Secretary. 
SEC. 1034. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE BASING OF KC–46A AIRCRAFT OUTSIDE THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the De-partment of Defense is continuing its process of permanently stationing KC–46A aircraft at installations in the continental United States (CONUS) and forward-basing outside the continental United States (OCONUS). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force, as part of the strategic basing process for KC–46A aircraft, should continue to place emphasis on and consider the benefits de-rived from locations outside the continental United States that— (1) support day-to-day air refueling oper-ations, operations plans of the combatant commands, and flexibility for contingency operations, and have— (A) a strategic location that is essential to the defense of the United States and its in-terests; (B) receivers for boom or probe-and-drogue training opportunities with joint and inter-national partners; and (C) sufficient airfield and airspace avail-ability and capacity to meet requirements; and (2) possess facilities that— (A) take full advantage of existing infra-structure to provide— (i) runway, hangars, and aircrew and main-tenance operations; and (ii) sufficient fuels receipt, storage, and distribution capacities for a 5-day peacetime operating stock; and (B) minimize overall construction and operational costs. SEC. 1035. RELINQUISHMENT OF LEGISLATIVE JURISDICTION OF CRIMINAL OF-FENSES COMMITTED BY JUVENILES ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any mili-tary installation or portion of a military in-stallation of which exclusive legislative ju-risdiction of criminal offenses committed by juveniles is retained by the United States as of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned shall seek to relinquish to the State, Commonwealth, territory, or possession concerned legislative jurisdiction of such offenses such that the United States and the State, Commonwealth, territory, or possession, as the case may be, have concur-rent legislative jurisdiction of such offenses. (b) M
ANNER OF RELINQUISHMENT .—Legisla- tive jurisdiction shall be relinquished pursu-ant to subsection (a) in the manner provided in section 2683(a) of title 10, United States Code. (c) D
EADLINE .—The Secretaries concerned shall, to the extent practicable, complete re-linquishment of legislative jurisdiction pur-suant to subsection (a) by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary concerned shall submit to Congress a report on the relinquishment of legislative jurisdiction pursuant to sub-section (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report of a Secretary under this subsection shall include the fol-lowing: (A) A list of the installations or portions of installations under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of which exclusive legislative ju-risdiction of criminal offenses committed by juveniles is retained by the United States as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) A list of the installations or portions of installations listed pursuant to subpara-graph (A) for which legislative jurisdiction was relinquished pursuant to subsection (a) as of the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (C) A list of the installations or portions of installations listed pursuant to subpara-graph (A) for which legislative jurisdiction was not relinquished pursuant to subsection (a) as of the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and, for each such installation or portion of installa-tion, the reasons why such legislative juris-diction was not so relinquished. (e) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 1036. POLICY ON RESPONSE TO JUVENILE- ON-JUVENILE ABUSE COMMITTED ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a policy, applicable across the military installations of the Department of Defense (including installations outside the United States), on the response of the De-partment to allegations of juvenile-on-juve-nile abuse on military installations. The pol-icy shall be designed to ensure a consistent, standardized response to such allegations across the Department. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The policy required by this section shall provide for the following: (1) Any report or other allegation of juve-nile-on-juvenile abuse on a military installa-tion that is received by the installation com-mander, a law enforcement organization, a Family Advocacy Program, a chid develop-ment center, or a Department school oper-ating on the installation or otherwise under Department administration for the installa-tion shall be reviewed by the Family Advo-cacy Program of the installation. (2) Personnel of Family Advocacy Pro-grams conducting reviews shall have appro-priate training and experience in working with juveniles. (3) Family Advocacy Programs conducting reviews shall conduct a multi-faceted, multi- disciplinary review and recommend treat-ment, counseling, or other appropriate inter-ventions for complainants and respondents. (4) Each review shall be conducted— (A) with full involvement of appropriate authorities and entities, including parents or legal guardians of the juveniles involved (if practicable); and (B) to the extent practicable, in a manner that protects the sensitive nature of the in-cident concerned, using language appro-priate to the treatment of juveniles in writ-ten policies and communication with fami-lies. (5) The requirement for investigation of a report or other allegation shall not be deemed to terminate or alter any otherwise applicable requirement to report or forward the report or allegation to appropriate Fed-eral, State, or local authorities as possible criminal activity. (6) There shall be established and main-tained a centralized database of information on each incident of abuse that is reviewed by a Family Advocacy Program under this sec-tion, with— (A) the information in such database kept strictly confidential; and (B) because the information involves al-leged conduct by juveniles, additional spe-cial precautions taken to ensure the infor-mation is available only to persons who re-quire access to the information. (7) There shall be entered into the data-base, for each substantiated or unsubstan-tiated incident of abuse, appropriate infor-mation on the incident, including— (A) a description of the allegation; (B) whether or not the review is completed; (C) whether or not the incident was subject to an investigation by a law enforcement or-ganization or entity, and the status and re-sults of such investigation; and (D) whether or not action was taken in re-sponse to the incident, and the nature of the action, if any, so taken. Subtitle E—Studies and Reports 
SEC. 1041. REPORT ON HIGHEST-PRIORITY ROLES AND MISSIONS OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the National Defense Strategy correctly characterizes the leading strategic chal-lenges facing the United States as the re-emergence of great power competition, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3459 June 11, 2018 
erosion of the United States military techno-logical advantage, enduring violent extre-mism and instability in the broader Middle East and Africa, and continued uncertainty in the United States about the availability of sufficient resources for national defense; (2) the National Defense Strategy correctly prioritizes the development of a more lethal joint force that is ready to deter and, if nec-essary, defeat aggression by great power competitors with advanced military capa-bilities, while conducting counterterrorism operations in a more sustainable manner, to-gether with allies and partners; (3) the National Defense Strategy, and the implications of the Strategy for the size, structure, shape, roles, missions, and em-ployment of the joint force, was not com-pleted in time to inform fully the budget of the President for national defense for fiscal year 2019; (4) many Department of Defense programs of record are upgraded replacements of leg-acy systems that were not premised on the assumption that future conflict could occur in highly-contested environments against militarily advanced near-peer rivals; (5) considerable growth in the size of the military will not be possible without growth in the budget, because the current future- years defense program assumes that defense spending after fiscal year 2019 will only in-crease at the rate of inflation, while costs for two of the largest drivers of costs for the De-partment, namely military personnel and op-eration and maintenance, continue to grow faster than the rate of inflation; (6) the Senate strongly supports the pur-suit by the Department of budgetary savings through internal reform and efficiencies, but notes that previous attempts to generate ad-ditional resources through such mechanisms did not generate resources as planned; (7) increased force modernization invest-ments must be based on a rigorous reassess-ment of whether current programs will meet present and future warfighting requirements against near-peer rivals that are making rapid military technological advancements; (8) the Department must conduct further analytical work in order— (A) to facilitate the implementation of the National Defense Strategy, as recommended by the Commission on the National Defense Strategy; and (B) to provide Congress with a more rig-orous understanding of, and justification for, future requests for resources to organize, train and equip, and employ the Armed Forces; and (9) the Senate encourages the Secretary of Defense to refine the National Defense Strat-egy into more specific operational tasks and force planning scenarios that the joint force must be ready and able to perform in order to facilitate a better understanding of joint force development priorities and the roles and missions of each Armed Force. (b) R
EPORT ON ROLES AND MISSIONS .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report setting forth a re-evaluation of the highest priority missions of the Depart-ment of Defense, and of the roles of the Armed Forces in the performance of such missions. (2) G
OALS .—The goals of the re-evaluation required for purposes of the report shall be as follows: (A) To support implementation of the Na-tional Defense Strategy. (B) To optimize the effectiveness of the joint force. (C) To inform the preparation of future de-fense program and budget requests by the Secretary, and the consideration of such re-quests by Congress. (c) ELEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (b) shall include the following: (1) A detailed description of the pacing threats for each Armed Force, and for special operations forces, and an assessment of the manner in which such pacing threats deter-mine the primary role of each Armed Force, and special operations forces, including the connection between key operational tasks required by contingency plans. (2) A specific requirement for the size and composition of each Armed Force, including the following: (A) The required total end strength and force structure by type for the Army. (B) The required fleet size of the Navy, identified by class of ships and the cor-responding total end strength requirement once that fleet size is achieved. (C) The required number of operational Air Force squadrons, identified by function and the corresponding total end strength require-ment once that number of squadrons is achieved. (D) The required total end strength and force structure by type for the Marine Corps. (E) The force sizing construct used to de-termine the end strength requirements cov-ered by subparagraphs (A) through (D), the year-by-year plan for achieving such require-ments, relevant force posture assumptions, and the associated military personnel costs of such plan. (3) A re-evaluation of the roles of the Armed Forces in performing low-intensity missions, such as counterterrorism and secu-rity force assistance, including the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment whether the joint force would benefit from having one Armed Force dedicated primarily to low-intensity mis-sions, thereby enabling the other Armed Forces to focus more exclusively on ad-vanced peer competitors. (B) A detailed description of, and accom-panying justification for, the total amount of forces required to perform the security force assistance mission and the planned ge-ographic employment of such forces. (C) A revalidation of the Army plan to con-struct six Security Force Assistant Brigades, and an assessment of the impact, if any, of such plan on the capability of the Army to perform its primary roles under the National Defense Strategy. (D) An assessment whether the security force assistance mission would be better per-formed by the Marine Corps, and an assess-ment of the end strength and force composi-tion changes, if any, required for the Marine Corps to assume such mission. (4) A reassessment of the roles and mis-sions of the total ground forces, both Army and Marine Corps, to execute the National Defense Strategy, including the following: (A) A detailed description of the allocation of roles for the Army and Marine Corps in deterring and waging war against advanced peer competitors that can complement the activities and investments of each such Armed Force and optimize the capabilities of each such Armed Force. (B) A detailed description of the appro-priate balance and mix of Army force struc-ture, including light infantry, mechanized infantry, armor, air defense, fires, engineers, aviation, signals, and logistics, that is re-quired to perform the roles and missions of the Army against its pacing threats. (C) A detailed description of the modern-ized capabilities and concepts to be devel-oped by the Army to contribute to joint force operations against advanced peer com-petitors, including the manner in which Army aviation will evolve in light of un-manned aerial vehicle technology. (D) A revalidation of the requirement for ground force modernization efforts, includ-ing the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, Future Vertical Lift, and Mobile Protected Fires, that are not optimized for conflict between the United States and advanced peer com-petitors. (E) A detailed description of requirements for Army forces needed to support theater operations. (5) An assessment, based on operational plans, of the ability of power projection plat-forms to survive and effectively perform the highest priority operational missions de-scribed in the National Defense Strategy, in-cluding the following: (A) An assessment of the feasibility of the current plans and investments by the Navy and Marine Corps to operate and defend their sea bases in contested environments. (B) An assessment whether amphibious forced entry operations against advanced peer competitors should remain an enduring mission for the joint force considering the stressing operational nature and significant resource requirements of such mission. (C) An assessment whether a transition from large-deck amphibious ships to small aircraft carriers would result in a more le-thal and survivable Marine Corps sea base that could accommodate larger numbers of more diverse strike aircraft. (D) An assessment of the manner in which an acceleration of development and fielding of longer-range, unmanned, carrier-suitable strike aircraft could better meet operational requirements and alter the requirement for shorter-range, manned tactical fighter air-craft. (E) An assessment of the manner in which the emerging technology to operate large numbers of low-cost, autonomous, attrib-utable systems in the air, on and under the sea, on land, and in space could change the manner in which the joint force projects power globally. (6) An assessment, based on operational plans, of the ability of manned, stealthy, penetrating strike platforms to survive and perform effectively the highest priority oper-ational missions described in the National Defense Strategy, including the following: (A) An assessment whether anticipated ad-vances in stealth technology and the em-ployment of such technology on existing or developmental systems, such as the F–35 and B–21 aircraft, can be expected to outpace and overmatch adversary capabilities to detect and target such systems. (B) An assessment of the ability of fourth generation aircraft with advanced sensors and weapons to perform certain missions equally or more effectively than the mis-sions assigned to, or envisioned for, fifth- generation penetrating strike platforms. (C) An assessment of the manner in which the emerging technology to operate large numbers of low-cost, autonomous, attrib-utable systems in the air, on and under the sea, on land, and in space could obviate or reduce the requirement for penetrating strike platforms. (7) A re-evaluation of the most effective and efficient means for the joint force to per-form the air superiority mission in both con-tested and uncontested environments, in-cluding the following: (A) An assessment of the ability to achieve air superiority from other domains, includ-ing with land-based systems, naval systems, undersea systems, space-based systems, elec-tronic warfare systems, or cyber capabilities. (B) A validation of the envisioned oper-ational and cost effectiveness of the Pene-trating Counter-Air platform, and of the re-quirement for developing this system as part of the Air Force Next Generation Air Domi-nance program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3460 June 11, 2018 
(C) A detailed description of the optimal mix across the joint force of fourth-genera-tion and fifth-generation fighter aircraft, bomber aircraft, and Next Generation Air Dominance systems to fulfill operational de-mands for air superiority. (D) A detailed description of the manner in which the joint force will perform the mis-sion of light aerial attack in uncontested en-vironments to support counterterrorism and security force assistance missions, and the mission of countering violent extremism op-erations, at the lowest cost to the readiness of advanced, multirole combat aircraft. (E) A determination of what Armed Force, in addition to the Air Force, should have a role in the mission of light air attack in uncontested environments. (8) A reevaluation of the roles and missions of the joint special operations enterprise, in-cluding the following: (A) A detailed assessment whether the joint special operations enterprise is cur-rently performing too many missions world-wide, and whether any such missions could be performed adequately and more economi-cally by conventional units. (B) A detailed assessment whether the global allocation of special operations forces, and especially the most capable units, is aligned to the pacing threats and priority missions of the National Defense Strategy. (C) A detailed description of the changes required to align the joint special operations enterprise more effectively with the Na-tional Defense Strategy. (9) An assessment of the manner in which increased use of the space domain should re-vise or reallocate the requirements of the joint force, including the following: (A) A detailed description of the missions, including joint moving target indication, air battle management, and missile and aircraft tracking and targeting, that could be per-formed more effectively from space-based platforms due to emerging technology and operational requirements. (B) An assessment of the manner in which the joint force can take advantage of the de-velopment and deployment of disaggregated commercial satellite Internet constellations to replace legacy tactical communications networks and devices and achieve multi-do-main command and control more effectively and at lower cost. (C) An assessment of the manner in which to ensure that the joint force has access to technologies that deliver superior offensive space capabilities and a maneuver advantage to and within the space domain, including reusable launch systems and spacecraft, on- orbit refueling and manufacturing, on-orbit power generation, and exploitation of space minerals and propellants. (D) A detailed description of the actions to be taken by components of the Department to promote and protect the development of a licit space economy, including the following: (i) Defense of commercial activities, facili-ties, and claims. (ii) Safety of navigation. (iii) Rescue and recovery. (iv) Construction and maintenance of pub-lic works in Cis-Lunar Space. (v) Active debris remediation. (vi) Establishment of an on-orbit national strategic reserve of space minerals and pro-pellants. (10) A reassessment of the manner in which the joint force will perform the mission of logistics in contested environments, includ-ing the following: (A) A revalidation of the requirement for the KC–46 tanker aircraft, including an as-sessment of the aerial refueling require-ments in contested environments and a greater reliance on distributed systems of systems. (B) A detailed assessment whether the mis-sion of logistics in contested environments could be better performed by larger numbers of lower-cost, autonomous systems capable of dispersed operations on land, at sea, and in the air. (C) A detailed assessment whether greater forward stationing of joint force capabilities and personnel would be more operationally effective in performing the contact and blunt missions of the National Defense Strategy. (d) F
ORM.—The report required in sub-section (b) shall be submitted in classified form, and shall include an unclassified sum-mary. 
SEC. 1042. ANNUAL REPORTS BY THE ARMED FORCES ON OUT-YEAR UNCON-STRAINED TOTAL MUNITIONS RE-QUIREMENTS AND OUT-YEAR INVEN-TORY NUMBERS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Chapter 9 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing after section 222a the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 222b. Armed forces: Out-Year Uncon-strained Total Munitions Requirements; Out-Year inventory numbers ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—At the same time each year that the budget for the fiscal year beginning in such year is submitted to Con-gress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, the chief of staff of each armed force (other than the Coast Guard) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth for such armed force each of the following for such fiscal year, broken out as specified in subsection (b): ‘‘(1) The Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement. ‘‘(2) The Out-Year inventory numbers. ‘‘(b) P
RESENTATION .—The Out-Year Uncon-strained Total Munitions Requirement and Out-Year inventory numbers for an armed force for a fiscal year pursuant to subsection (a) shall include specific inventory objective requirements for each variant of munitions with respect to each of the following: ‘‘(1) Combat Requirement, broken out by operation plan (OPLAN). ‘‘(2) Current Operation/Forward Presence Requirement. ‘‘(3) Strategic Readiness Requirement. ‘‘(4) Homeland Defense. ‘‘(5) Training and Testing Requirement. ‘‘(6) Total Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement, calculated in ac-cordance with the implementation guidance described in subsection (c). ‘‘(7) Out-year worldwide inventory. ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION GUIDANCE USED.—In submitting information pursuant to sub-section (a) for a fiscal year, the chief of staff of each armed force shall describe and ex-plain the munitions requirements process implementation guidance developed by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and used by such armed force for the munitions requirements process for such armed force for that fiscal year. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘chief of staff’, with respect to the Marine Corps, means the Commandant of the Marine Corps. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement’ has the mean-ing given that term in and for purposes of Department of Defense Instruction 3000.04, or any successor instruction.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 222a the following new item: ‘‘222b. Armed forces: Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirements; Out-Year inventory numbers.’’. SEC. 1043. COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF OPER-ATIONAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE CHAINS-OF-COMMAND AND FUNC-TIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy shall conduct a comprehensive review of the operational and administrative chains-of-command and functions of the De-partment of the Navy. (b) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the review required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider options to do each of the fol-lowing: (1) Increase visibility of unit-level readi-ness at senior levels. (2) Reduce so-called ‘‘double-hatting’’ and ‘‘triple-hatting’’ commanders. (3) Clarify organizations responsible and accountable for training and certification at the unit, group, and fleet level. (4) Simplify reporting requirements appli-cable to commanding officers. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the re-sults of the review required by subsection (a). The report shall include the following: (A) The results of the review, including any findings of the Secretary as a result of the review. (B) Any organizational changes in oper-ational or administrative chains-of-com-mand or functions of the Department under-taken or to be undertaken by the Secretary in light of the review. (C) Any recommendations for legislative or administration action with respect to the operational or administrative chains-of-com-mand or functions of the Department as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the review. (2) F
ORM.—The report under this sub-section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1044. MILITARY AVIATION READINESS RE-VIEW IN SUPPORT OF THE NA-TIONAL DEFENSE STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on military aviation readiness in sup-port of the National Defense Strategy (NDS). (b) R
EVIEW FOR REPORT PURPOSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The report under sub-section (a) shall be based on a review con-ducted for purposes of the report in accord-ance with this section. (2) P
ANEL .—The review shall be conducted by a panel consisting of the following: (A) The Commander of the Air Combat Command, who shall head the panel. (B) The Commander of the Army Aviation Branch. (C) The Chief of Naval Air Forces. (D) The Deputy Commandant of the Marine Corps for Aviation. (E) Such other personnel of the Depart-ment of Defense as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) R
EVIEW ELEMENTS .—The review re-quired by subsection (b) shall address the fol-lowing: (1) An analysis of the career progression of military pilots and non-pilot aviators, in-cluding a comparison between military pilot and non-pilot aviators, on the one hand, and other military specialities, on the other hand, with respect to each of the following: (A) Tours of duty. (B) Assignment lengths. (C) Minimum service commitments. (D) Professional performance evaluation systems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3461 June 11, 2018 
(E) Statutory and administrative pro-motion processes. (2) An analysis of aircrew aviation training for various aircraft platforms, including— (A) an historical analysis, covering the past 15 years, of first and second assignment total flight hours and model-specific flight hours for military pilots and non-pilot avi-ators; and (B) an analysis of the flight hour program in order to determine the appropriate level of required monthly flight hours and sorties to maintain currency (minimum safe level) and proficiency (minimum level to be tactically competent). (3) An analysis of the effect of recent oper-ational deployments on the ability of mili-tary pilots and non-pilot aviators to build and maintain readiness for potential threats from a near-peer adversary, including— (A) a comparison of rates of simulator usage for military pilots and non-pilot avi-ators within and not within the pre-deploy-ment training window; and (B) an assessment of the suitability of training curriculum to address high-end combat operations against a near-peer adver-sary. (4) An analysis of aviation squadron size and composition, including— (A) individual unit-level aircraft alloca-tion; (B) aviation platform-specific force struc-ture; and (C) quantity of squadrons within each avia-tion platform. (5) An analysis of aviation squadron man-ning documents on appropriate levels and composition of military pilots, non-pilot avi-ators, and non-aircrew for each squadron in support of the most current National De-fense Strategy, including a consideration of— (A) appropriate levels and composition of military pilots, non-pilot aviators, and non- aircrew for each squadron in support of such National Defense Strategy; (B) flight-related workload compared with non-flight related workload for military pi-lots and non-pilot aviators; (C) the number of different aircraft plat-forms to which enlisted maintenance per-sonnel are expected to be assigned through-out a typical career; and (D) career training milestones for enlisted maintenance personnel, and the effects of such milestones on military aviation readi-ness. (6) An analysis of logistics programs in support of military aviation readiness, in-cluding— (A) an evaluation of any shortfalls in logis-tics programs that serve as contributing fac-tors to both military pilot retention and overall readiness of military aviation units; (B) an analysis of aircraft parts cannibal-ization rates; (C) a determination of average mission ca-pable ratings for aircraft throughout the various stages of the deployment cycle; (D) an analysis of rates of reassignment of aircraft from non-deploying units to deploy-ing units; and (E) an identification of individual aircraft communities, if any, with strained supply chains with single-source suppliers. 
SEC. 1045. REPORT ON CAPABILITIES AND CA-PACITIES OF ARMORED BRIGADE COMBAT TEAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the capabilities and capacities of Ar-mored Brigade Combat Teams (ABCTs). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the total number of Ar-mored Brigade Combat Teams required to support the National Defense Strategy (NDS). (2) A description of the manner in which the Army plans to equip and field future Ar-mored Brigade Combat Teams. (3) A description of the total number of mechanized infantry companies required in support of the Armored Brigade Combat Teams. (4) A description of steps being taken to improve the number and quality of live-fire gunnery exercises executed each year, in-cluding improving execution of battalion and brigade-level combined arms live-fire exer-cises both at home station and at the Com-bat Training Centers. (5) A description of training being con-ducted to train Armored Brigade Combat Teams in combined arms for air defense and to counter unmanned aerial vehicles with or-ganic weapons and tactics. (6) A plan to improve personnel prepared-ness by the reduction of non-deployable sol-diers and improvements in combat vehicle crew stability and material readiness of key combat systems. (7) A description of deficiencies in repair parts and number of qualified mechanics, and a plan to correct such deficiencies. (8) A plan for the modernization of the Ar-mored Brigade Combat Teams. SEC. 1046. IMPROVEMENT OF ANNUAL REPORT ON CIVILIAN CASUALTIES IN CON-NECTION WITH UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION AND EXPANSION OF ELE-
MENTS .—Subsection (b) of section 1057 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing each specific mission, strike, engage-ment, raid, or incident,’’ after ‘‘military op-erations’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(E), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, in-cluding a differentiation between those killed and those injured’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and, when appropriate, makes ex gratia payments to the victims or their families’’; (4) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) Any update or modification to any re-port under this section during a previous year.’’. (b) S
COPE OF UNCLASSIFIED FORM OF RE-
PORT .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The unclassified form of each report shall, at a minimum, be responsive to each element under subsection (b) of a report under subsection (a), and shall be made available to the public at the same time it is submitted to Congress (unless the Secretary certifies in writing that the publication of such information poses a threat to the na-tional security interests of the United States).’’. 
SEC. 1047. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE PARTICIPATION IN EXPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS LI-CENSE APPLICATION REVIEW PROC-ESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the date that is three years after such date of enactment, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the participation by the De-partment of Defense in the process for re-viewing applications for export licenses under the Export Administration Regula-tions as a reviewing agency under Executive Order 12981 (50 U.S.C. 4603 note; relating to administration of export controls). (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) The number of applications for export licenses under the Export Administration Regulations reviewed by the Department of Defense in the 180-day period preceding the submission of the report. (2) The number of instances during that 180-day period in which the Department dis-agreed with a final determination made with respect to such an application under the re-view procedures set forth in Executive Order 12981. (3) A summary of such instances, includ-ing— (A) a summary of the applicants for such licenses and the recipients of items pursuant to such licenses in such instances; (B) a description of sensitive technologies involved in such instances; and (C) a description of the rationale of the De-partment for disagreeing with such deter-minations. (4) The number of such applications under review by the Department or undergoing interagency dispute resolution as of the date of the submission of the report. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (d) E
XPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Export Administration Regulations’’ means sub-chapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 1048. AUTOMATIC SUNSET FOR FUTURE STATUTORY REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 23 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 480 the following new section: ‘‘§ 480a. Reports to Congress: termination of indefinite-duration reports after three years ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any provision of law en-acted on or after the date of enactment of this section that includes an indefinite-dura-tion report requirement shall cease to be ef-fective, with respect to that requirement, three years after the date of the enactment of that provision of law unless that provision of law expressly states that this section is inapplicable to that requirement or that pro-vision of law. ‘‘(b) I
NDEFINITE -DURATION REPORT REQUIRE -
MENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘in-definite-duration requirement’ means a re-quirement in any provision of law for the Secretary of Defense (or any other officer or employee of the Department of Defense) to submit to Congress (or any committee of Congress) a periodic report for which the law does not— ‘‘(1) state a specific period of time as the period during which that report is required to be submitted or that provision of law is in effect; or ‘‘(2) state a specific termination date for the requirement to submit the report or for that provision of law. ‘‘(c) P
ERIODIC REPORT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘periodic report’ means a report required to be submitted on an an-nual, semiannual, or other regular periodic basis.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 23 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 480 the following new item: ‘‘480a. Reports to Congress: termination of indefinite-duration reports after three years.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3462 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 1049. REPEAL OF CERTAIN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS THAT OTHERWISE TERMI-NATE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021. 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as fol-lows: (1)(A) Section 229, relating to the display of budget information for programs for com-bating terrorism, is repealed. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 is amended by striking the item relating to section 229. (2)(A) Section 231a, relating to budgeting for life-cycle costs of aircraft for the Navy, Army, and Air Force, is repealed. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 is amended by striking the item relating to section 231a. (3) Section 2276, relating to commercial space launch cooperation, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively. (4) Section 7310, relating to report on re-pair of certain vessels in foreign shipyards, is amended by striking subsection (c). (b) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2007.—Section 1017 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2379), relating to obtaining carriage by vessel, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). (c) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2008.—Section 1034(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 272 note), relating to distribution of chemical and biological agents to non-Federal entities, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). (d) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2009.—Section 1047(d) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (10 U.S.C. 2366b note), relating to reports on bandwidth re-quirements for major defense acquisition programs, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by striking ‘‘(d) F
ORMAL REVIEW PROC-
ESS FOR BANDWIDTH REQUIREMENTS .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) F
ORMAL REVIEW PROCESS FOR BAND-
WIDTH REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary’’; and (3) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and indenting appropriately. (e) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2011.—Section 1217 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (22 U.S.C. 7513 note), relating to authority to establish a program to develop and carry out infrastructure projects in Afghanistan, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (i); and (2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-section (i). (f) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2015.—Section 1026 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 127 Stat. 3490), relating to availability of funds for re-tirement of inactivation of Ticonderoga class cruisers or dock landing ships, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1061 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking para-graphs (14), (16), (41), and (59); (2) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph (3); (3) in subsection (g), by striking paragraph (3); and (4) in subsection (i), by striking paragraphs (15), (18), and (24). SEC. 1050. REPORT ON POTENTIAL IMPROVE-MENTS TO CERTAIN MILITARY EDU-CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the results of a review and assessment, obtained by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the potential effects on the military education provided by the educational institutions of the Depart-ment of Defense specified in subsection (b) of the actions described in subsection (c). (2) C
ONDUCTING ORGANIZATION .—The review and assessment required for purposes of the report shall be performed by an organization selected by the Secretary from among orga-nizations independent of the Department that have expertise in the analysis of mat-ters in connection with higher education. (b) E
DUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS OF THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—The educational in-stitutions of the Department of Defense specified in this subsection are the following: (1) The senior level service schools and in-termediate level service schools (as such terms are defined in section 2151(b) of title 10, United States Code). (2) The Air Force Institute of Technology. (3) The National Defense University. (4) The Joint Special Operations Univer-sity. (5) The Army Armament Graduate School. (6) Any other military educational institu-tion of the Department specified by the Sec-retary for purposes of this section. (c) A
CTIONS .—The actions described in this subsection with respect to the educational institutions of the Department of Defense specified in subsection (b) are the following: (1) Modification of admission and gradua-tion requirements. (2) Reduction or expansion of degree-grant-ing authority. (3) Reduction or expansion of the accept-ance of research grants. (4) Reduction of the number of attending students generally. (5) Reduction of the number of attending students through the sponsoring of edu-cation of an increased number of students at non-Department of Defense education insti-tutions of higher education. (6) Increase in the frequency of curriculum changes to account for emerging subject matters of importance to national defense. (7) Modification of civilian faculty man-agement practices, including employment practices. (d) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENTS .—In addition to the matters described in subsection (a), the review and report under this section shall also include the following: (1) A comparison of admission standards and graduation requirements of the edu-cational institutions of the Department of Defense specified in subsection (b) with ad-mission standards and graduation require-ments of public and private institutions of higher education that are comparable to the educational institutions of the Department of Defense. (2) A comparison of the goals and missions of the educational institutions of the Depart-ment of Defense specified in subsection (b) with the goals and missions of such public and private institutions of higher education. (3) Any other matters the Secretary con-siders appropriate for purposes of this sec-tion. SEC. 1051. RECRUITING COSTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the re-sults of a study, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the briefing, on the costs of the Armed Forces in recruiting for members of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the recruiting costs of each Armed Force in each of fiscal years 2010 through 2019. (2) An estimate of the recruiting costs of each Armed Force in each of fiscal years 2020 through 2024. (3) A description of the factors that con-tributed significantly to the recruiting costs of the Armed Forces during fiscal years 2010 through 2019. (4) Any other matters in connection with the recruiting costs of the Armed Forces that the Secretary considers appropriate. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 1061. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS FOR BIEN HOA DIOXIN CLEANUP. 
(a) T RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Notwith- standing section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may transfer to the Secretary of State, for use by the United States Agency for International Development, amounts to be used for the Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup in Vietnam. (b) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNTS .—Not more than $15,000,000 may be transferred in each of fiscal years 2019 through 2027 under the au-thority in subsection (a). (c) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—The Secretary of Defense may transfer funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide’’ under the authority in subsection (a) . (d) A
DDITIONAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY .—The transfer authority provided under subsection (a) is in addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of De-fense. 
SEC. 1062. IMPROVEMENT OF DATABASE ON EMERGENCY RESPONSE CAPABILI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1406 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2436; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘The Secretary’’ the following: ‘‘(a) D
ATABASE REQUIRED .—’’; (2) in subsection (a), as designated by para-graph (1)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘each States’s National Guard, as reported by the States’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the National Guard of each State and Territory, as reported by the States and Ter-ritories’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and Territories’’ after ‘‘their home States’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) Cyber capabilities of the National Guard identified by the Department as crit-ical for response to domestic natural or man-made disasters. ‘‘(4) Cyber capabilities of the other reserve components of the Armed Forces identified by the Department as critical for response to domestic natural or manmade disasters.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TOKEEPDATA-
BASE CURRENT .—In maintaining the database 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3463 June 11, 2018 
required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall identify and revise the information re-quired to be included in the database at least once every two years for purposes of keeping the database current.’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF DATABASE .— (1) D
EADLINE FOR ESTABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish the database required by section 1406 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007, as amended by sub-section (a), by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) U
SE OF EXISTING DATABASE OR SYSTEM  
FOR CERTAIN CAPABILITIES .—The Secretary may meet the requirement with respect to the capabilities described in subsection (a)(1) of section 1406 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007, as so amended, in connection with the database required by that section through use or modification of a current database or tracking system of the Department of De-fense if the Secretary determines that such action will— (A) expedite compliance with the require-ment; and (B) achieve such compliance at a cost not greater than the cost of establishing anew the database otherwise covered by the re-quirement. 
SEC. 1063. ACCEPTANCE AND DISTRIBUTION BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF AS-SISTANCE FROM CERTAIN NON-PROFIT ENTITIES IN SUPPORT OF MISSIONS OF DEPLOYED UNITED STATES PERSONNEL AROUND THE WORLD. 
(a) F INDING .—The Senate finds that Spirit of America, a privately-funded, nonpartisan, nonprofit organization, acting in partnership with the Department of Defense, has made an important contribution in supporting the missions of deployed United States personnel around the world. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that United States military com-manders should, consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance developed consistent with section 1088 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), collaborate with and provide transportation and other logistical support to covered non-Federal en-tities, including Spirit of America, to ad-vance the military missions of the Armed Forces. (c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF COVERED NON-FEDERAL  E
NTITY ASSISTANCE ABROAD THROUGH DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— (1) A
CCEPTANCE AND COORDINATION OF AS -
SISTANCE .—The Department of Defense (in-cluding members of the Armed Forces) may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Defense and in accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary and developed in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development— (A) accept from any covered non-Federal entity humanitarian, economic, and other nonlethal assistance funded by private funds in the carrying out of the purposes of such entity; and (B) respond to requests from covered non- Federal entities for the identification of the needs of local populations abroad for assist-ance, and coordinate with such entitites in the provision and distribution of such assist-ance, in the carrying out of such purposes. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ASSISTANCE TO LOCAL  
POPULATIONS .—In accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense, and de-veloped in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, members of the Armed Forces abroad may provide to local populations abroad hu-manitarian, economic, and other nonlethal assistance provided to the Department by a covered non-Federal entity pursuant to this subsection. (3) SCOPE OF GUIDANCE .—The guidance issued pursuant to this subsection shall en-sure that any assistance distributed pursu-ant to this subsection shall be for purposes of supporting the mission or missions of the Department and the Armed Forces for which such assistance is provided by a covered non- Federal entity. (4) D
OD SUPPORT FOR ENTITY ACTIVITIES .—In accordance with guidance issued by the Sec-retary of Defense, the Department, and the Armed Forces may— (A) provide transportation, lodging, stor-age, and other logistical support— (i) to personnel of a covered non-Federal entity (whether in the United States or abroad) who are carrying out the purposes of such entity; and (ii) in connection with the acceptance and distribution of assistance provided by a cov-ered non-Federal entity; and (B) use assets of the Department and the Armed Forces in the provision of support de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (d) C
OVERED NON-FEDERAL ENTITY DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered non-Federal entity’’ means the following: (1) Spirit of America, a privately-funded, nonpartisan, nonprofit organization de-scribed in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 that is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. (2) Any other organization that— (A) is based in the United States; (B) has an independent board of directors and is subject to independent financial au-dits; (C) is substantially privately-funded; (D) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; and (E) provides international assistance. 
SEC. 1064. UNITED STATES POLICY WITH RE-SPECT TO FREEDOM OF NAVIGA-TION AND OVERFLIGHT. 
(a) D ECLARATION OF POLICY .—It is the pol-icy of the United States to fly, sail, and op-erate throughout the oceans, seas, and air-space of the world wherever international law allows. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF POLICY .—In fur- therance of the policy set forth in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense should— (1) plan and execute a robust series of rou-tine and regular air and naval presence mis-sions throughout the world and throughout the year, including for critical transpor-tation corridors and key routes for global commerce; (2) in addition to the missions executed pursuant to paragraph (1), execute routine and regular air and maritime freedom of navigation operations throughout the year, in accordance with international law, includ-ing the use of expanded military options and maneuvers beyond innocent passage; and (3) to the maximum extent practicable, execute the missions pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) with regional partner countries and allies of the United States. 
SEC. 1065. PROHIBITION OF FUNDS FOR CHINESE LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION PROVIDED BY A CONFUCIUS INSTITUTE. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 under this Act may be obligated or expended for Chinese language instruction provided by a Confucius Institute. (b) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 under this Act may be obligated or expended to support a Chinese language program at an institution of higher education that hosts a Confucius Institute. (c) WAIVER .—The Under Secretary of De-fense for Personnel and Readiness may waive the limitation in subsection (b) with respect to a Chinese language program at a specific institution of higher education if the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Read-iness— (1) certifies to the congressional defense committees that— (A) Confucius Institute employees and in-structors will have no affiliation with the program; (B) Confucius Institute employees and in-structors will provide no instruction or sup-port to the program; (C) Confucius Institute employees and in-structors will have no authority or influence with regard to the curriculum and activities of the program; and (D) the institution has made publicly available all memoranda of understanding, contracts, and other agreements between the institution and the Confucius Institute, or between the institution and any agency of or organization affiliated with the government of the People’s Republic of China; or (2) certifies to the congressional defense committees that— (A) the requirements described in subpara-graphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1) have been met; and (B) the waiver of the limitation in sub-section (b) is necessary for national security, and there is no reasonable alternative to issuing the waiver. (d) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) C
HINESE LANGUAGE PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Chinese language program’’ means any De-partment of Defense program designed to provide or support Chinese language instruc-tion, including the National Security Edu-cation Program, the Language Flagship pro-gram, Project Global Officer, and the Lan-guage Training Centers program. (2) C
ONFUCIUS INSTITUTE .—The term ‘‘Con-fucius Institute’’ means a Confucius Insti-tute that is operated by the Office of Chinese Languages Council International, also known as Hanban, which is affiliated with the Ministry of Education of the People’s Re-public of China. (3) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Subtitle A—Department of Defense Matters 
SEC. 1101. INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE QUALIFICATIONS BY QUALIFICATION REVIEW BOARDS OF OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGE-MENT FOR INITIAL APPOINTMENTS TO SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE PO-SITIONS IN DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) T EMPORARY INAPPLICABILITY .—Notwith- standing section 3393(c) of title 5, United States Code, or any regulations imple-menting that section, and subject to the pro-visions of this section, the Secretary of De-fense may appoint individuals for service in the Senior Executive Service of the Depart-ment of Defense without such individuals being subject to the certification of execu-tive qualifications by a qualification review board of the Office of Personnel Management in connection with such appointment other-wise required by that section. (b) Q
UALIFICATIONS OF INDIVIDUALS AP-
POINTED .—The Secretary shall ensure that individuals appointed under this section pos-sess the necessary qualifications and experi-ence for the position to which appointed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3464 June 11, 2018 
(c) L IMITATION .—The total number of ap-pointments made under this section in any year may not exceed 50 appointments. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the com-mittees of Congress and official specified in paragraph (3) a report on the number and type of appointments made under this sec-tion as of the date of the report, including— (A) a description of the qualifications of the individuals appointed; and (B) data on the time required to appoint the individuals. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the com-mittees of Congress and official specified in paragraph (3) a report on the use of the au-thority in this section. The report shall in-clude the following: (A) The number and type of appointments made under this section during the one-year period ending on the date of the report. (B) Data on and an assessment whether ap-pointments under the authority in this sec-tion reduced the time to hire when compared with the time to hire under the current re-view system of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. (C) An assessment of the utility of the ap-pointment authority and process under this section. (D) An assessment whether the appoint-ments made under this section resulted in higher quality new executives for the Senior Executive Service of the Department when compared with the executives produced under the current review system of the Of-fice of Personnel Management. (E) Any recommendation for the improve-ment of the selection and qualification proc-ess for the Senior Executive Service of the Department that the Secretary considers necessary in order to attract and hire highly qualified candidates for service in that Sen-ior Executive Service. (3) C
OMMITTEES OF CONGRESS AND OFFI -
CIAL.—The committees of Congress and offi-cial specified in this paragraph are— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; and (C) the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. (e) S
UNSET .—Subsection (a) shall cease to be effective on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1102. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY RE-INVENTION LABORATORIES AND MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILI-TIES BASE FACILITIES FOR RECENT SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEER-ING, AND MATHEMATICS GRAD-UATES OF MINORITY-SERVING INSTI-TUTIONS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOMAKE DIRECT APPOINT -
MENTS .—The director of any facility speci-fied in subsection (b) may appoint any quali-fied recent graduate of a covered educational institution with a degree in science, tech-nology, engineering, or mathematics to a po-sition at such facility described in sub-section (d) without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. (b) F
ACILITIES .—A facility specified in this subsection is any facility as follows: (1) A science and technology reinvention laboratory of the Department of Defense, as designated pursuant to section 1105(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note). (2) A facility of the Major Range and Test Facilities Base of the Department. (c) RECENT GRADUATES .—For purposes of this section, a person is a recent graduate of a covered educational institution if— (1) the person was awarded a degree by the institution not more than two years before the date of the appointment of the person pursuant to this section; or (2) in the case of any person who has com-pleted a period of obligated service in a uni-formed service of more than four years as of the date the appointment of the person pur-suant to this section, the person was award-ed a degree by the institution not more than four years before such date of appointment. (d) C
OVERED POSITIONS .—The positions to which persons may be appointed pursuant to this section at a facility specified in sub-section (b) are scientific and engineering po-sitions at the facility. (e) D
URATION OF APPOINTMENT .—Any ap- pointment pursuant to this section may be made on a temporary, term, or permanent basis, at the election of the director of the facility making such appointment. (f) C
OVERED EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered educational institution’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2362(e) of title 10, United States Code. (g) S
UNSET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to make appointments under this section shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to terminate an ap-pointment made under this section before the expiration date provided in that para-graph in accordance with the terms of such appointment. 
SEC. 1103. INCLUSION OF STRATEGIC CAPABILI-TIES OFFICE AND DEFENSE INNOVA-TION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN PER-SONNEL MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY TO ATTRACT EXPERTS IN SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1599h of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) S
TRATEGIC CAPABILITIES OFFICE .—The Director of the Strategic Capabilities Office may carry out a program of personnel man-agement authority provided in subsection (b) in order to facilitate recruitment of eminent experts in science or engineering for the Of-fice. ‘‘(5) DIUx.—The Director of the Defense In-novation Unit Experimental may carry out a program of personnel management authority provided in subsection (b) in order to facili-tate recruitment of eminent experts in science or engineering for the Unit.’’. (b) S
COPE OF APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .— Subsection (b)(1) of such section is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(D) in the case of the Strategic Capabili-ties Office, appoint scientists and engineers to a total of not more than 5 scientific and engineering positions in the Office; and ‘‘(E) in the case of the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental, appoint scientists and engineers to a total of not more than 5 sci-entific and engineering positions in the Unit;’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF TERMS OF APPOINTMENT .— Subsection (c)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘or the Office of Operational Test and Evaluation’’ and inserting ‘‘the Of-fice of Operational Test and Evaluation, the Strategic Capabilities Office, or the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental’’. SEC. 1104. ENHANCEMENT OF FLEXIBLE MAN-AGEMENT AUTHORITIES FOR SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY RE-INVENTION LABORATORIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) E NHANCEMENT OF NONCOMPETITIVE CON-
VERSIONS OF APPOINTMENTS OF STUDENTS EN-
ROLLED IN SCIENTIFIC AND ENGINEERING PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 2358a(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
TO PERMANENT APPOINTMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘
OF APPOINTMENTS ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘to a permanent appoint-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘to another temporary appointment or to a term or permanent ap-pointment’’. (b) E
NHANCEMENT OF PILOT PROGRAM ON  D
YNAMIC SHAPING OF WORKFORCE TECHNICAL  S
KILLS AND EXPERTISE .—Section 1109(b)(1)(A) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1028; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended by striking ‘‘to appoint’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘to make appointments as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) Appointment of qualified scientific and technical personnel who are not current De-partment of Defense civilian employees into any scientific or technical position in the laboratory for a period of more than one year but not more than six years. ‘‘(ii) Appointment of qualified scientific and technical personnel who are Department civilian employees in term appointments into any scientific or technical position in the laboratory for a period of more than one year but not more than six years.’’. 
SEC. 1105. INCLUSION OF OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE AMONG COMPONENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE COVERED BY DIRECT HIRE AUTHOR-ITY FOR FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT EXPERTS. 
Section 1110(f) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 1580 note prec.) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (9) as paragraphs (2) through (10), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) The Office of the Secretary of De-fense.’’. 
SEC. 1106. AUTHORITY TO EMPLOY CIVILIAN FAC-ULTY MEMBERS AT THE JOINT SPE-CIAL OPERATIONS UNIVERSITY. 
Section 1595(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The Joint Special Operations Univer-sity.’’. Subtitle B—Government-Wide Matters 
SEC. 1121. ALCOHOL TESTING OF CIVIL SERVICE MARINERS OF THE MILITARY SEA-LIFT COMMAND ASSIGNED TO VES-SELS. 
(a) A LCOHOL TESTING .—Chapter 643 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing after section 7479 the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 7479a. Civil service mariners of Military Sealift Command: alcohol testing ‘‘The Secretary of the Navy may prescribe regulations establishing a program to con-duct on-duty reasonable suspicion alcohol testing and post-accident alcohol testing of civil service mariners of the Military Sealift Command who are assigned to vessels.’’. (b) R
ELEASE OF ALCOHOL TESTRESULTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7479 of such title is amended— (A) in the heading of subsection (a), by in-serting ‘‘
ORALCOHOL ’’ after ‘‘D RUG’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or alcohol’’ after ‘‘drug’’ each place it appears. (2) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3465 June 11, 2018 
‘‘§ 7479. Civil service mariners of Military Sealift Command: release of drug and alco-hol test results to Coast Guard’’. (c) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 643 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 7479 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘7479. Civil service mariners of Military Sea-lift Command: release of drug and alcohol test results to Coast Guard. ‘‘7479a. Civil service mariners of Military Sealift Command: alcohol test-ing.’’. 
SEC. 1122. EXPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY FOR COLLEGE GRADUATES AND POST SECONDARY STUDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3115. Expedited hiring authority for col-lege graduates; competitive service ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. ‘‘(2) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency may appoint, without regard to any provi-sion of sections 3309 through 3319 and 3330, a qualified individual to a position in the com-petitive service classified in a professional or administrative occupational category at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below. ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS .—An appointment under paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Director. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFICATIONS FOR APPOINTMENT .— The head of an agency may make an appoint-ment under subsection (b) only if the indi-vidual being appointed— ‘‘(1) has received a baccalaureate or grad-uate degree from an institution of higher education; ‘‘(2) applies for the position— ‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after the date on which the individual being appointed re-ceived the degree described in paragraph (1); or ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who has completed a period of not less than 4 years of obligated service in a uniformed service, not later than 2 years after the date of the dis-charge or release of the individual from that service; and ‘‘(3) meets each minimum qualification standard prescribed by the Director for the position to which the individual is being ap-pointed. ‘‘(d) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND ADVERTISING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency making an appointment under subsection (b) shall publicly advertise positions under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the head of an agency shall— ‘‘(A) adhere to merit system principles; ‘‘(B) advertise positions in a manner that provides for diverse and qualified applicants; and ‘‘(C) ensure potential applicants have ap-propriate information relevant to the posi-tions available. ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the total number of employees that the head of an agency may appoint under this section during a fiscal year may not exceed the number equal to 15 percent of the number of individuals that the agency head appointed during the previous fiscal year to a position in the competitive service classified in a professional or administrative occupational category, at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below, under a com-petitive examining procedure. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTIONS .—Under a regulation pre-scribed under subsection (f), the Director may establish a lower limit on the number of individuals that may be appointed under paragraph (1) of this subsection during a fis-cal year based on any factor the Director considers appropriate. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director shall issue interim regulations, with an opportunity for comment, for the ad-ministration of this section. ‘‘(g) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30 of each of the first 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of this section, the head of an agency that makes an appointment under this section shall submit a report to— ‘‘(A) Congress that assesses the impact of the use of the authority provided under this section during the fiscal year in which the report is submitted; and ‘‘(B) the Director that contains data that the Director considers necessary for the Di-rector to assess the impact and effectiveness of the authority described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .—The head of an agency shall include in each report under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency under this section, as well as the number of such individuals who are— ‘‘(i) minorities or members of other under-represented groups; or ‘‘(ii) veterans; ‘‘(B) recruitment sources; ‘‘(C) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency during the applicable fiscal year to a position in the competitive service classified in a professional or admin-istrative occupational category at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below; and ‘‘(D) any additional data specified by the Director. ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL PROVISION REGARDING THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—Nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary of Defense from exercising any authority to appoint a recent graduate under section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any appli-cable successor statute. ‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Any regulations pre-scribed by the Director for the administra-tion of this section shall not apply to the De-partment of Defense during the period end-ing on the date on which the appointment authority of the Secretary of Defense under section 1106 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute, terminates. ‘‘§ 3116. Expedited hiring authority for post- secondary students; competitive service ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. ‘‘(2) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). ‘‘(3) S
TUDENT .—The term ‘student’ means an individual enrolled or accepted for enroll-ment in an institution of higher education who is pursuing a baccalaureate or graduate degree on at least a part-time basis as deter-mined by the institution of higher education. ‘‘(b) APPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency may make a time-limited appointment of a student, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319 and 3330, to a posi-tion in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below for which the student is qualified. ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS .—An appointment under paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Director. ‘‘(c) P
UBLIC NOTICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency making an appointment under subsection (b) shall publicly advertise positions available under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the head of an agency shall— ‘‘(A) adhere to merit system principles; ‘‘(B) advertise positions in a manner that provides for diverse and qualified applicants; and ‘‘(C) ensure potential applicants have ap-propriate information relevant to the posi-tions available. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the total number of students that the head of an agency may appoint under this section during a fiscal year may not exceed the number equal to 15 percent of the number of students that the agency head appointed during the previous fiscal year to a position in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Under a regulation pre-scribed under subsection (g), the Director may establish a lower limit on the number of students that may be appointed under para-graph (1) of this subsection during a fiscal year based on any factor the Director con-siders appropriate. ‘‘(e) C
ONVERSION .—The head of an agency may, without regard to any provision of chapter 33 or any other provision of law re-lating to the examination, certification, and appointment of individuals in the competi-tive service, convert a student serving in an appointment under subsection (b) to a per-manent appointment in the competitive service within the agency without further competition if the student— ‘‘(1) has completed the course of study leading to the baccalaureate or graduate de-gree; ‘‘(2) has completed not less than 640 hours of current continuous employment in an ap-pointment under subsection (b); and ‘‘(3) meets the qualification standards for the position to which the student will be converted. ‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION .—The head of an agency shall, without regard to any provision of chapter 35 or 75, terminate the appointment of a student appointed under subsection (b) upon completion of the designated academic course of study unless the student is selected for conversion under subsection (e). ‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director shall issue interim regulations, with an opportunity for comment, for the ad-ministration of this section. ‘‘(h) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30 of each of the first 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of this section, the head of an agency that makes an appointment under this section shall submit a report to— ‘‘(A) Congress that assesses the impact of the use of the authority provided under this section during the fiscal year in which the report is submitted; and ‘‘(B) the Director that contains data that the Director considers necessary for the Di-rector to assess the impact and effectiveness of the authority described in subparagraph (A). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3466 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(2) C ONTENT .—The head of an agency shall include in each report under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency under this section, as well as the number of such individuals who are— ‘‘(i) minorities or members of other under-represented groups; or ‘‘(ii) veterans; ‘‘(B) recruitment sources; ‘‘(C) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency during the applicable fiscal year to a position in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below; and ‘‘(D) any additional data specified by the Director. ‘‘(i) S
PECIAL PROVISION REGARDING THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—Nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary of Defense from exercising any authority to appoint a post- secondary student under section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute. ‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Any regulations pre-scribed by the Director for the administra-tion of this section shall not apply to the De-partment of Defense during the period end-ing on the date on which the appointment authority of the Secretary of Defense under section 1106 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute, terminates.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3115. Expedited hiring authority for college graduates; competitive service. ‘‘3116. Expedited hiring authority for post- secondary students; competi-tive service.’’. 
SEC. 1123. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF VOLUNTARY SEPARATION INCEN-TIVE PAY AUTHORIZED FOR CIVIL-IAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3523 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$40,000 (as adjusted in accordance with subsection (c))’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c)(1) On March 1 each year, the dollar amount specified in subsection (b)(3)(B) shall be adjusted by the amount determined by the Secretary of Labor to represent the per-centage increase, if any, between the Con-sumer Price Index (all items; United States city average) published for December of the preceding year and that price index pub-lished for the December of the year before the preceding year. ‘‘(2) A percentage increase under paragraph (1) shall be adjusted to the nearest one-tenth of one percent, and an amount determined under paragraph (1) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000 (or, if midway be-tween multiples of $1,000, to the next higher multiple of $1,000).’’. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EMPLOYEES .— Section 9902(f)(5) of such title is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount deter-mined by the Secretary, not to exceed $40,000 (as adjusted under subparagraph (D)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D)(i) On March 1 each year, the dollar amount specified in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be adjusted by the amount determined by the Secretary of Labor to represent the percentage increase, if any, between the Con-sumer Price Index (all items; United States city average) published for December of the preceding year and that price index pub-lished for the December of the year before the preceding year. ‘‘(ii) A percentage increase under clause (i) shall be adjusted to the nearest one-tenth of one percent, and an amount determined under clause (i) shall be rounded to the near-est multiple of $1,000 (or, if midway between multiples of $1,000, to the next higher mul-tiple of $1,000).’’. SEC. 1124. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO GRANT ALLOW-ANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATUITIES TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFI-CIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Paragraph (2) of section 1603(a) of the Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 109–234; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4616) and most re-cently amended by section 1108 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 1125. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO WAIVE ANNUAL LIMITATION ON PREMIUM PAY AND AGGREGATE LIMITATION ON PAY FOR FEDERAL CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES WORKING OVERSEAS. 
Subsection (a) of section 1101 of the Dun-can Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4615), as most recently amended by section 1105 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2019’’. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
SEC. 1201. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR USE OF ADVISORS AND TRAINERS FOR TRAINING OF PERSONNEL OF FOREIGN MINISTRIES WITH SECU-RITY MISSIONS UNDER DEFENSE IN-STITUTION CAPACITY BUILDING AU-THORITIES. 
Section 332(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘assign ci-vilian employees of the Department of De-fense and members of the armed forces as ad-visors and trainers’’ and inserting ‘‘provide advisors or trainers’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘assigned’’ each place it ap-pears (other than the last place) and insert-ing ‘‘provided’’; (B) by striking ‘‘assigned advisor or train-er’’ and inserting ‘‘advisor or trainer so pro-vided’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘each assignment’’ and in-serting ‘‘each provision of such an advisor or trainer’’. 
SEC. 1202. MODIFICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STATE PARTNERSHIP PRO-GRAM. 
Section 341(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘assistance’’ after ‘‘any’’. 
SEC. 1203. EXPANSION OF REGIONAL DEFENSE COMBATING TERRORISM FELLOW-SHIP PROGRAM TO INCLUDE IRREG-ULAR WARFARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 345 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following new subsections (a) and (b): ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a program under which the Secretary may pay any costs associated with the education and training of foreign mili-tary officers, ministry of defense officials, or security officials at military or civilian edu-cational institutions, regional centers, con-ferences, seminars, or other training pro-grams conducted for purposes of regional de-fense in connection with either of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Combating terrorism. ‘‘(B) Irregular warfare. ‘‘(2) COVERED COSTS .—Costs for which pay-ment may be made under this section in-clude the costs of transportation and travel and subsistence costs. ‘‘(3) D
ESIGNATION .—The program author-ized by this section shall be known as the ‘Regional Defense Combating Terrorism and Irregular Warfare Fellowship Program’. ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The program authorized by subsection (a) shall be carried out under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The regulations shall en-sure that— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of State— ‘‘(i) jointly develop and plan activities under the program that— ‘‘(I) advance United States security co-operation objectives; and ‘‘(II) support theater security cooperation planning of the combatant commands; and ‘‘(ii) coordinate on the implementation of activities under the program; ‘‘(B) each of the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State designates an indi-vidual at the lowest appropriate level of the Department of Defense or the Department of State, as applicable, who shall be responsible for program coordination; and ‘‘(C) to the extent practicable, activities under the program are appropriately coordi-nated with, and do not duplicate or conflict with, activities under International Military Education and Training (IMET) authorities. ‘‘(3) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Upon any update of the regulations, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a copy of the regulations as so updated, together with a description of the update.’’; and (3) in paragraph (3) of subsection (d), as re-designated by paragraph (1) of this sub-section, by striking ‘‘in the global war on terrorism’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 345. Regional Defense Combating Ter-rorism and Irregular Warfare Fellowship Program’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of sub-chapter V of chapter 16 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 345 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘345. Regional Defense Combating Terrorism and Irregular Warfare Fellow-ship Program.’’. 
SEC. 1204. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT BORDER SECURITY OPERATIONS OF CERTAIN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
(a) E XPANSION OF AUTHORITY .—Paragraph (1) of subsection (a) of section 1226 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized to provide support on a reimbursement basis as follows: ‘‘(A) To the Government of Jordan for pur-poses of supporting and enhancing efforts of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3467 June 11, 2018 
the armed forces of Jordan to increase secu-rity and sustain increased security along the border of Jordan with Syria and Iraq. ‘‘(B) To the Government of Lebanon for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Lebanon to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Lebanon with Syria. ‘‘(C) To the Government of Egypt for pur-poses of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Egypt to increase secu-rity and sustain increased security along the border of Egypt with Libya. ‘‘(D) To the Government of Tunisia for pur-poses of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Tunisia to increase secu-rity and sustain increased security along the border of Tunisia with Libya. ‘‘(E) To the Government of Oman for pur-poses of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Oman to increase secu-rity and sustain increased security along the border of Oman with Yemen. ‘‘(F) To the Government of Pakistan for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Pakistan to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Pakistan with Afghanistan.’’. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) N
OTICE AND CERTIFICATION BEFORE EX-
ERCISE .—Not later than 15 days before pro-viding support under the authority of sub-section (a) to a country that has not pre-viously received such support, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, shall submit to the specified congressional committees a report that— ‘‘(1) sets forth a full description of the sup-port to be provided, including— ‘‘(A) the purpose of such support; ‘‘(B) the amount of support to be provided; and ‘‘(C) the anticipated duration of the provi-sion of such support; and ‘‘(2) includes a certification that— ‘‘(A) the recipient country has taken de-monstrable steps to increase security along the border specified for such country in sub-section (a); and ‘‘(B) the provision of such support is in the interest of United States national security.’’. (c) L
IMITATION ON REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKI-
STAN .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON REIMBURSEMENT OF  P
AKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION .—No amount of reimbursement support under sub-section (a)(1)(F) is authorized to be disbursed to the Government of Pakistan unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that the following conditions are met: ‘‘(1) The military and security operations of Pakistan pertaining to border security and ancillary activities for which reimburse-ment is sought have been coordinated with United States military representatives in ad-vance of the execution of such operations and activities. ‘‘(2) The goals and desired outcomes of each such operation or activity have been es-tablished and agreed upon in advance by the United States and Pakistan. ‘‘(3) A process exists to verify the achieve-ment of the goals and desired outcomes es-tablished in accordance with paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) The Government of Pakistan is mak-ing an effort to actively coordinate with the Government of Afghanistan on issues relat-ing to border security on the Afghanistan- Pakistan border.’’. (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Such section is further amended by inserting after sub-section (e), as so designated by subsection (c) of this section, the following new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) QUARTERLY REPORTS .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the specified congressional committees a report on reimbursements pursuant to subsection (a) during the preceding fiscal quarter that includes— ‘‘(1) an identification of each country reim-bursed; ‘‘(2) the date of each reimbursement; ‘‘(3) a description of any partner nation border security efforts for which reimburse-ment was provided; ‘‘(4) an assessment of the value of partner nation border security efforts for which re-imbursement was provided; ‘‘(5) the total amounts of reimbursement provided to each partner nation in the pre-ceding four fiscal quarters; and ‘‘(6) such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. (e) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of such sec-tion, as so redesignated, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1205. LEGAL AND POLICY REVIEW OF AD-VISE, ASSIST, AND ACCOMPANY MIS-SIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall, in coordination with the General Counsel of the Department of Defense and the commanders of appropriate combatant commands, submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on a review, con-ducted for purposes of the report, of the legal and policy frameworks associated with ad-vise, assist, and accompany missions by United States military personnel. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report and review re-quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) An analysis of the risks and benefits of United States military personnel conducting advise, assist, and accompany missions with foreign partner forces, and an assessment of the relation of such risks and benefits to United States security objectives. (2) A review of execute orders in order to ensure that such orders comply with United States law for the employment of United States military personnel and capabilities to advise, assist, and accompany foreign part-ner forces. (3) An assessment whether the legal and policy frameworks applicable to advise, as-sist, and accompany missions by United States military personnel are adequately communicated to and understood at all lev-els of operational command. (4) An assessment whether approvals re-lated to advise, assist, and accompany mis-sions are taken at the appropriate level of command. (5) A definition, and policy guidance, for the appropriate use in execute orders of each of the following: (A) Advise (B) Assist. (C) Accompany. (D) Collective self defense. (E) Last point of cover and conceal. (6) Any other matters the Under Secretary considers appropriate. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1206. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS RELATING TO DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERA-TION STATUTORY REORGANIZATION. 
(a) C HAPTER REFERENCES .—The following provisions of law are amended by striking ‘‘chapter 15’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 13’’: (1) Section 886(a)(5) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 466(a)(5)). (2) Section 332(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1982(a)(1)). (3) Section 101(a)(13)(B) of title 10, United States Code. (4) Section 115(i)(6) of title 10, United States Code. (5) Section 12304(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code. (6) Section 484C(c)(3)(C)(v)) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091c(c)(3)(C)(v)). (b) SECTION REFERENCES .— (1) Title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (A) in section 386(c)(1), by striking ‘‘Sec-tions 311, 321, 331, 332, 333,’’ and inserting ‘‘Sections 246, 251, 252, 253, 321,’’; and (B) in section 10541(b)(9), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sec-tions 331, 332, 333,’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 251, 252, 253,’’. (2) Section 484C(c)(3)(C)(i) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091c(c)(3)(C)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 331, 332,’’ and inserting ‘‘section 251, 252,’’. 
SEC. 1207. NAVAL SMALL CRAFT INSTRUCTION AND TECHNICAL TRAINING SCHOOL. 
(a) S CHOOL AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter V of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 351. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense may operate an education and training facility known as the ‘Naval Small Craft In-struction and Technical Training School’ (in this section referred to as the ‘School’). ‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION OF EXECUTIVE AGENT .— The Secretary of Defense shall designate the Secretary of a military department as the Department of Defense executive agent for carrying out the responsibilities of the Sec-retary of Defense under this section. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the School shall be to provide to the military and other security forces of one or more friendly for-eign countries education and training to in-crease professionalism, readiness, and re-spect for human rights through— ‘‘(1) formal courses of instruction; and ‘‘(2) mobile training teams for— ‘‘(A) the operation, employment, mainte-nance, and logistics of specialized equip-ment; ‘‘(B) participation in— ‘‘(i) joint exercises; or ‘‘(ii) coalition or international military op-erations; and ‘‘(C) improved interoperability between— ‘‘(i) the armed forces; and ‘‘(ii) the military and other security forces of the one or more friendly foreign countries. ‘‘(d) P
ERSONNEL ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE EDU-
CATION AND TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not provide education or training at the School to any personnel of a country that is prohibited from receiving such education or training under any other provision of law. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION IN SELECTION .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall consult with the Sec-retary of State in the selection of foreign personnel to be provided education and training at the School. ‘‘(e) F
IXED COSTS.—The fixed costs of oper-ation and maintenance of the School in a fis-cal year may be paid from amounts made available for such fiscal year for operation and maintenance of the Department of De-fense. ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than March 15 each year, the Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3468 June 11, 2018 
State, shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a detailed report on the activities and operating costs of the School during the preceding fiscal year.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V of chapter 16 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘351. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School.’’. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port that sets forth the following: (1) The budget requirements for the oper-ation and sustainment of the Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School authorized by section 351 of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)), during the period of the future-years de-fense program submitted to Congress in fis-cal year 2019, including— (A) a description of the budget require-ments relating to the School for— (i) Major Force Program–2; and (ii) Major Force Program–11; and (B) an identification of any other source of funding for the School. (2) The anticipated requirements for facili-ties for the School. (3) An identification of the Secretary of a military department designated by the Sec-retary of Defense as executive agent for the School under subsection (b) of such section. (4) The anticipated military construction and facilities renovation requirements for the School during such period. (5) Any other matter relating to the School that the Secretary of Defense considers ap-propriate. (c) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in section 351 of title 10, United States Code (as so added), may be construed as authorizing the use of funds appropriated for the Department of De-fense for any purpose described in paragraph (2) unless specifically authorized by an Act of Congress other than that section or this Act. (2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes described in this paragraph are the following: (A) The operation of a facility other than the Naval Small Craft Instruction and Tech-nical Training School that is in operation as of the date of the enactment of this Act for the provision of education and training au-thorized to be provided by the School. (B) The construction or expansion of any facility of the School. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan 
SEC. 1211. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND. 
(a) C ONTINUATION OF PRIOR AUTHORITIES  
ANDNOTICE AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— Funds available to the Department of De-fense for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2019 shall be subject to the conditions contained in— (1) subsections (b) through (f) of section 1513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 428), as most recently amended by section 1521(d)(2)(A) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2577); and (2) section 1521(d)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Section 1513(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 is amended by striking ‘‘secu-rity forces of Afghanistan’’ and inserting ‘‘security forces of the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of the Interior of the Gov-ernment of the Islamic Republic of Afghani-stan’’. (c) EQUIPMENT DISPOSITION .— (1) A
CCEPTANCE OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT .— Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may accept equipment that is pro-cured using amounts authorized to be appro-priated for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund by this Act and is intended for transfer to the security forces of Afghanistan, but is not accepted by such security forces. (2) C
ONDITIONS ON ACCEPTANCE OF EQUIP -
MENT .—Before accepting any equipment under the authority provided by paragraph (1), the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall make a determination that such equipment was procured for the purpose of meeting requirements of the secu-rity forces of Afghanistan, as agreed to by both the Government of Afghanistan and the Government of the United States, but is no longer required by such security forces or was damaged before transfer to such security forces. (3) E
LEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—In mak- ing a determination under paragraph (2) re-garding equipment, the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall consider alternatives to the acceptance of such equipment by the Secretary. An expla-nation of each determination, including the basis for the determination and the alter-natives considered, shall be included in the relevant quarterly report required under paragraph (5). (4) T
REATMENT AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
STOCKS .—Equipment accepted under the au-thority provided by paragraph (1) may be treated as stocks of the Department of De-fense upon notification to the congressional defense committees of such treatment. (5) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS ON EQUIPMENT DIS -
POSITION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 90-day period thereafter during which the authority provided by paragraph (1) is exercised, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port describing the equipment accepted dur-ing the period covered by such report under the following: (i) This subsection. (ii) Section 1521(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2575). (iii) Section 1531(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1088). (iv) Section 1532(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3613). (v) Section 1531(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 938; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (B) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under sub-paragraph (A) shall include a list of all equipment that was accepted during the pe-riod covered by such report and treated as stocks of the Department of Defense and cop-ies of the determinations made under para-graph (2), as required by paragraph (3). (d) S
ECURITY OF AFGHAN WOMEN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2019, it is the goal that $25,000,000, but in no event less than $10,000,000, shall be used for— (A) the recruitment, integration, reten-tion, training, and treatment of women in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces; and (B) the recruitment, training, and con-tracting of female security personnel for fu-ture elections. (2) T
YPES OF PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .— Such programs and activities may include— (A) efforts to recruit women into the Af-ghan National Defense and Security Forces, including the special operations forces; (B) programs and activities of the Afghan Ministry of Defense Directorate of Human Rights and Gender Integration and the Af-ghan Ministry of Interior Office of Human Rights, Gender and Child Rights; (C) development and dissemination of gen-der and human rights educational and train-ing materials and programs within the Af-ghan Ministry of Defense and the Afghan Ministry of Interior; (D) efforts to address harassment and vio-lence against women within the Afghan Na-tional Defense and Security Forces; (E) improvements to infrastructure that address the requirements of women serving in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, including appropriate equipment for female security and police forces, and trans-portation for policewomen to their station; (F) support for Afghanistan National Po-lice Family Response Units; and (G) security provisions for high-profile fe-male police and military officers. (e) ASSESSMENT OF AFGHANISTAN PROGRESS  
ONSECURITY OBJECTIVES .— (1) A
SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—Not later than May 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate an assess-ment describing the progress of the Govern-ment of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan toward meeting shared security objectives. In conducting such assessment, the Sec-retary of Defense shall consider each of the following: (A) The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has taken steps toward in-creased accountability and reducing corrup-tion within the Ministries of Defense and In-terior. (B) The extent to which the capability and capacity of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces have improved as a result of Afghanistan Security Forces Fund invest-ment, including through training. (C) The extent to which the Afghan Na-tional Defense and Security Forces have been able to increase pressure on the Taliban, al-Qaeda, the Haqqani network, and other terrorist organizations, including by re-taking territory, defending territory, and disrupting attacks. (D) Whether or not the Government of Af-ghanistan is ensuring that supplies, equip-ment, and weaponry supplied by the United States are appropriately distributed to secu-rity forces charged with fighting the Taliban and other terrorist organizations. (E) The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has designated the appropriate staff, prioritized the development of relevant processes, and provided or requested the allo-cation of resources necessary to support a peace and reconciliation process in Afghani-stan. (F) Such other factors as the Secretaries consider appropriate. (2) W
ITHHOLDING OF ASSISTANCE FOR INSUF -
FICIENT PROGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of De-fense determines, in coordination with the Secretary of State, pursuant to the assess-ment under paragraph (1) that the Govern-ment of Afghanistan has made insufficient progress, the Secretary of Defense may with-hold assistance for the Afghan National De-fense and Security Forces until such time as the Secretary determines sufficient progress has been made. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3469 June 11, 2018 
(B) N OTICE TO CONGRESS .—If the Secretary of Defense withholds assistance under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of State, provide notice to Congress not later than 30 days after making the decision to withhold such assistance. 
SEC. 1212. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PROVIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPER-ATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1212 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2019’’; and (2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) Pakistan for certain activities meant to enhance the security situation in the Af-ghanistan-Pakistan border region pursuant to section 1226 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note), as amended by the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019.’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION TO LIMITATIONS .—Sub- section (d) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2019’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$900,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$350,000,000’’; and (B) by striking the second sentence; and (2) by striking paragraph (3). (c) R
EPEAL OF PROVISION RELATING TO RE-
IMBURSEMENT TO PAKISTAN FOR SECURITY EN-
HANCEMENT ACTIVITIES .—Such section is fur-ther amended— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsections (f) through (h) as subsections (e) through (g), respec-tively. (d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Paragraph (1) of subsection (e) of such section, as redesig-nated by subsection (c) of this section, is amended by striking the second sentence. 
SEC. 1213. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANS-FER DEFENSE ARTICLES AND PRO-VIDE DEFENSE SERVICES TO THE MILITARY AND SECURITY FORCES OF AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as most recently amended by section 1211 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (b) E
XCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—Subsection (i)(2) of such section, as so amended, is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1214. MODIFICATION OF REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS FOR SPECIAL IMMI-GRANT VISAS FOR AFGHAN ALLIES PROGRAM. 
Section 602 of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (10); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (11) through (16) as paragraphs (10) through (15), respectively; (C) in paragraph (11)(A), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’; (D) in paragraph (12), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (12)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (11)(B)’’; and (E) in paragraph (13), as so redesignated, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a report to the’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘a report to the appropriate committees of Congress’’; (2) by striking subsection (c); and (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c). Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran SEC. 1221. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-VIDE ASSISTANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3558), as most recently amended by sec-tion 1222 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Subsection (g) of such sec-tion 1236, as most recently so amended, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘for the Department of De-fense for Overseas Contingency Operations for fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for the Department of Defense for Overseas Contin-gency Operations for fiscal year 2019’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$1,269,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$850,000,000’’. (c) L
IMITATION OF USE OF FISCAL YEAR2019 F
UNDS .—Of the amounts authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act for activities under the authority in section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by this sec-tion, not more than $450,000,000 may be obli-gated or expended for such activities until the date on which the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense committees each of the following: (1) The report on the United States strat-egy in Iraq required by the joint explanatory statement of the committee of the con-ference accompanying Conference Report 115–404. (2) A report setting forth the following: (A) An explanation of the purpose of a con-tinuing United States military presence in Iraq, including— (i) an explanation of the national security objectives of the United States with respect to Iraq; (ii) a detailed description of— (I) the size of a continuing United States military presence in Iraq; and (II) the roles and missions associated with a continuing United States military presence in Iraq; and (iii) a delineation of the responsibilities in connection with a continuing United States military presence in Iraq of— (I) the Combined Joint Task Force Oper-ation Inherent Resolve (or a successor task force); (II) the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq; and (III) other United States embassy-based military personnel. (B) An identification of the specific units of the Iraqi Security Forces to receive train-ing and equipment or other support in fiscal year 2019. (C) A plan for ensuring that any vehicles and equipment provided to the Iraqi Security Forces pursuant to that authority are main-tained in subsequent fiscal years using funds of Iraq. (D) An estimate, by fiscal year, of the funding anticipated to be required for sup-port of the Iraqi Security Forces pursuant to that authority during the five fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 2020. (E) A detailed plan for the obligation and expenditure of the funds requested for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for Operational Sustainment of the Iraqi Secu-rity Forces. (F) A plan for the transition to the Govern-ment of Iraq of responsibility for funding for Operational Sustainment of the Iraqi Secu-rity Forces for fiscal years after fiscal year 2019. (G) A description of any actions carried out under this paragraph. SEC. 1222. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSIST-ANCE TO THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPO-SITION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1209(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3559), as most recently amended by section 1221(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2485), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2019’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS IN GEN-
ERAL .— (1) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for activities under the author-ity in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a), until the later of the following: (A) The date on which the President sub-mits the report on United States strategy in Syria required by section 1221 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (B) The date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report described in paragraph (2). (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (A) A detailed description of the internal security forces of the vetted Syrian opposi-tion to be trained and equipped under such authority, including a description of their geographic locations, demographic profiles, political affiliations, current capabilities, and relation to the objectives under the au-thority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a). (B) A detailed description of planned capa-bilities, including categories of equipment, intended to be provided to the elements of the vetted Syrian opposition under such au-thority. (C) A description of the planned level of en-gagement by United States forces with the elements of the vetted Syrian opposition after such elements of the vetted Syrian op-position have been trained and equipped under such authority, including the over-sight of equipment provided under such au-thority and the activities conducted by such vetted Syrian opposition forces. (D) An explanation of the processes and mechanisms for local commanders of the vetted Syrian opposition to exercise com-mand and control of the elements of the vet-ted Syrian opposition after such elements of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3470 June 11, 2018 
the vetted Syrian opposition have been trained and equipped under such authority. (E) An explanation of complementary local governance and other stabilization activities in areas in which elements of the local inter-nal security forces trained and equipped under such authority will be operating and the relation of such local governance and other stabilization activities to the over-sight of such security forces. (c) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON USE OF  F
UNDS DURING FISCAL YEAR2019.— (1) C
ERTIFICATIONS IN CONNECTION WITH USE  
OF FUNDS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 120 days thereafter, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a written certification on the following: (A) Whether, during the 120-day period end-ing on the date of the certification, demon-strable progress was made— (i) to retake control of territory in Syria from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS); or (ii) to stabilize areas in Syria formerly held by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. (B) Whether, during such period, the vetted Syrian opposition tasked with conducting local security operations that United States forces are training and equipping under the authority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a), were demo-graphically representative of the local com-munities and serve local governance bodies that are similarly representative of the local communities. (C) Whether, during such period, the De-partment of Defense took actions to miti-gate any pause in offensive operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria through the training, equipping, and assist-ance of the vetted Syrian opposition. (D) Whether, during such period, support provided under the authority referred to in subparagraph (B) was consistent with United States standards regarding respect for human rights, rule of law, and support for stable and equitable governance. (E) Whether, during such period, members of the vetted Syrian opposition receiving support under the authority referred to in subparagraph (B) continued to demonstrate respect for human rights and rule of law, vio-lations of human rights and rule of law by such members were appropriately inves-tigated, and the individuals responsible for such violations were appropriately held ac-countable. (2) L
IMITATION .—If the Secretary does not make a certification by the deadline for sub-mittal required for the certification under paragraph (1), or is unable in the certifi-cation to certify each of the matters speci-fied in that paragraph, no support may be provided to the vetted Syrian opposition under the authority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a), during the period that— (A) begins on the deadline for submittal of the certification (if the certification is not made) or the date of the certification (if the certification does not certify each of the matters), as applicable; and (B) ends on the date on which a certifi-cation is submitted under paragraph (1) that certifies each of the matters. 
SEC. 1223. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT OPER-ATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OF-FICE OF SECURITY COOPERATION IN IRAQ. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (f)(1) of section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘fis-cal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. (b) AMOUNT AVAILABLE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Such section is further amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018 may not exceed $42,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal year 2019 may not exceed $45,300,000’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. (2) L
IMITATION OF USE OF FISCAL YEAR 2019  
FUNDS PENDING REPORTS .—Of the amount available for fiscal year 2019 for section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, as amended by this sec-tion, not more than an amount equal to 25 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended for the Office of Security Coopera-tion in Iraq until 30 days after the later of— (A) the date on which the report on the United States strategy on Iraq required by the joint explanatory statement of the com-mittee of the conference accompanying Con-ference Report 115–404 is submitted to the congressional defense committees; and (B) the date on which the report required under subsection (c) is submitted to the ap-propriate committees of Congress. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in cooperation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the enduring planned size and missions of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq after the cessation of major combat operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. (B) A description of the relationship be-tween the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq and any planned enduring presence of other United States forces in Iraq. (C) A detailed description of any activity to be conducted by the Office of Security Co-operation in Iraq in fiscal year 2019. (D) A plan and timeline for the normaliza-tion of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq to conform to other offices of security cooperation, including the transition of funding from the Department of Defense to the Department of State by the beginning of fiscal year 2020. (E) Such other matters with respect to the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State consider appropriate. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1224. SYRIA STUDY GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a working group to be known as the ‘‘Syria Study Group’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Group’’). (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Group is to examine and make recommendations on the military and diplomatic strategy of the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. (c) C
OMPOSITION .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Group shall be com-posed of 12 members, who shall be appointed as follows: (A) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (B) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (C) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (D) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate. (E) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (F) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives. (G) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (H) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (I) One member appointed by the majority leader of the Senate. (J) One member appointed by the minority leader of the Senate. (K) One member appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. (L) One member appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (2) CO-CHAIRS .— (A) Of the members of the Group, one co- chair shall be jointly designated by— (i) the chairs of the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate; (ii) the chairs of the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives; (iii) the majority leader of the Senate; and (iv) the Speaker of the House of Represent-atives. (B) Of the members of the Group, one co- chair shall be jointly designated by— (i) the ranking minority members of the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (ii) the ranking minority members of the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (iii) the minority leader of the Senate; and (iv) the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (3) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—A member shall be appointed for the life of the Group. (4) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Group shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (d) D
UTIES .— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Group shall conduct a re-view on the current United States military and diplomatic strategy with respect to the conflict in Syria that includes a review of current United States objectives in Syria and the desired end state in Syria. (2) A
SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— The Group shall— (A) conduct a comprehensive assessment of the current situation in Syria, the impact of such situation on neighboring countries, the resulting regional and geopolitical threats to the United States, and current military, dip-lomatic, and political efforts to achieve a stable Syria; and (B) develop recommendations on the mili-tary and diplomatic strategy of the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. (e) C
OOPERATION OF UNITED STATES GOV-
ERNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Group shall receive the full and timely cooperation of the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence in providing the Group with analyses, briefings, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3471 June 11, 2018 
and other information necessary for the dis-charge of the duties of the Group under sub-section (d). (2) L
IAISON .—The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall each designate at least one officer or employee of the Depart-ment of Defense, the Department of State, and the Office of the Director of National In-telligence, respectively, to serve as a liaison to the Group. (3) F
ACILITATION .—The United States Insti-tute of Peace shall take appropriate actions to facilitate the Group in the discharge of the duties of the Group under this section. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than June 30, 2019, the Group shall submit to the Presi-dent, the Secretary of Defense, the Com-mittee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the majority and minor-ity leaders of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives a re-port that sets forth the findings, conclu-sions, and recommendations of the Group under this section. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall include each of the following: (i) An assessment of the current security, political, humanitarian, and economic situa-tions in Syria. (ii) An assessment of the current participa-tion and objectives of the various external actors in Syria. (iii) An assessment of the consequences of continued conflict in Syria. (iv) Recommendations for a resolution to the conflict in Syria, including— (I) options for a gradual political transi-tion to a post-Assad Syria; and (II) actions necessary for reconciliation. (v) A roadmap for a United States and coa-lition strategy to reestablish security and governance in Syria, including recommenda-tions for the synchronization of stabiliza-tion, development, counterterrorism, and re-construction efforts. (vi) Any other matter with respect to the conflict in Syria that the Group considers to be appropriate. (2) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2019, the Group shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the majority and minor-ity leaders of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives a re-port that describes the status of the review and assessment under subsection (d) and any interim recommendations developed by the Group as of the date of the briefing. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report submitted to Congress under paragraph (1) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The Group shall termi-nate on the date that is 180 days after the date on which the Group submits the report required by subsection (f)(1). 
SEC. 1225. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY POWER OF IRAN. 
Section 1245(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘the Houthis,’’ after ‘‘Hamas,’’; and (2) in paragraph (7)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Russian Federation,’’ after ‘‘Pakistan,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘trafficking or’’ before ‘‘development’’. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Europe and the Russian Federation SEC. 1231. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON MILI-TARY COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1232 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2488), as amended by section 1231 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is fur-ther amended in the matter preceding para-graph (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017 or 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017, 2018, or 2019’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection (a) shall be construed to limit bi-lateral military-to-military dialogue be-tween the United States and the Russian Federation for the purpose of reducing the risk of conflict.’’. 
SEC. 1232. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING TO SOVEREIGNTY OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OVER CRIMEA. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to implement any activity that recognizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may waive the limitation in sub-section (a) if the Secretary of Defense— (1) determines that the waiver is in the na-tional security interest of the United States; and (2) submits to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives a notification of the waiver. 
SEC. 1233. EXTENSION OF UKRAINE SECURITY AS-SISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
Section 1250 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068), as most recently amended by section 1234 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2018 pursuant to subsection (f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to subsection (f)(4)’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’; (2) in subsection (f), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) For fiscal year 2019, $200,000,000.’’; and (3) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1234. SENSE OF SENATE ON RELOCATION OF JOINT INTELLIGENCE ANALYSIS COMPLEX. 
It is the sense of the Senate that, in con-sideration of any future plans regarding the relocation of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex of the United States European Com-mand, the Secretary of Defense should main-tain its geographic location within the United Kingdom and its collocation with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Intelligence Fusion Center. SEC. 1235. SENSE OF SENATE ON ENHANCING DE-TERRENCE AGAINST RUSSIAN AG-GRESSION IN EUROPE. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—To protect the national security of the United States, it is the policy of the United States to pursue an integrated approach to strengthening the de-fense of allies and partners in Europe as part of a broader, long-term strategy backed by all elements of United States national power to deter and, if necessary, defeat Russian ag-gression. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that in order to strengthen the defense of allies and partners in Europe, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State and in consultation with the commander of United States Euro-pean Command, should— (1) prioritize the need for additional United States Army forward presence in Europe, es-pecially increased forward-stationed combat enablers to enhance United States Army ca-pability and capacity in areas such as— (A) long-range fires; (B) air and missile defense; (C) combat engineering; (D) logistics and sustainment; (E) warfighting headquarters elements; and (F) electronic warfare; (2) conduct a review of the balance of United States Army presence in Europe be-tween rotationally deployed and forward-sta-tioned forces, including an examination of transitioning the rotational presence of a United States Army armored brigade combat team (ABCT) in Europe to a forward-sta-tioned ABCT, with consideration of— (A) the opportunity to more effectively sig-nal the enduring commitment of the United States— (i) to assure allies and partners in Europe; and (ii) to deter Russian aggression; (B) the significant recurring fiscal costs of rotating heavy, equipment-intensive units; (C) the family readiness impacts of lengthy heel-to-toe rotational deployments; (D) the potential advantages of interoper-ability and cultural proficiency that can be achieved by forward-stationed forces that have knowledge of local rules, regulations, culture, customs, geography, and counter-part military units and officials; (E) the potential tradeoffs between— (i) the training readiness and high oper-ational tempo of rotational units; and (ii) the higher manning rates of forward- stationed forces; and (F) the benefits of National Training Cen-ter rotations for rotationally deployed units as compared to maximized use of United States Army training areas in Europe, in-cluding the Joint Multinational Readiness Center in Germany, by forward-stationed units in Europe; (3) consider options for mitigating per-sonnel impacts of heel-to-toe rotations of United States forces in Europe, including designation of Operation Atlantic Resolve as a named operation; (4) examine the merit and feasibility of maintaining a continuous and enduring pres-ence of at least one United States Army company in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania; (5) examine the merit and feasibility of in-creasing the presence of United States spe-cial operations forces in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania to deter aggression, promote interoperability, build resilience through training activities focused on countering un-conventional warfare strategies, and enable the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to take collective action if required; (6) examine the merit and feasibility of prepositioning certain equipment and ammu-nition in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3472 June 11, 2018 
(7) continue rotational deployments of United States forces to Romania and Bul-garia while taking full advantage of the training opportunities available at military locations such as Camp Mihail Kogalniceanu in Romania and Novo Selo Training Area in Bulgaria; (8) examine the implications of Russian military activity in the Arctic region for United States military capability, capacity, and force posture; (9) conduct exercises focused on dem-onstrating the capability to flow United States forces from the continental United States and surge forces from central to east-ern Europe in a nonpermissive environ-ment— (A) to test and improve strategic and oper-ational logistics and transportation capabili-ties; (B) to identify capability gaps, capacity shortfalls, or other limiting factors in the execution of operational plans; and (C) to identify appropriate corrective ac-tion; (10) consider incorporating cyber protec-tion teams, to the extent practicable, with rotational forces in Europe with a focus on training United States and allied forces to operate against adversary cyber, electronic warfare, and information operations capa-bilities; (11) support robust security assistance for Ukraine, including defensive lethal assist-ance, while promoting necessary defense in-stitutional reforms; (12) support robust security assistance for Georgia, including defensive lethal assist-ance, to strengthen the defense capabilities and readiness of Georgia, and improve inter-operability with NATO forces; (13) promote enhanced military-to-military engagement between the United States and the militaries of the countries of the West-ern Balkans to promote interoperability with NATO, civilian control of the military, procurement reforms, and regional security cooperation; (14) develop and implement a comprehen-sive security cooperation strategy that rationalizes and prioritizes support for allies and partners in Europe, including Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Bul-garia, Ukraine, Moldova, and Georgia; (15) consider the merit and feasibility of a defense lending initiative to support allies and partners in Europe, especially allies and partners that are most vulnerable to Russian aggression, to supplement and fill gaps in ex-isting United States security assistance and arms sales mechanisms; and (16) in NATO or through other multilateral formats— (A) promote reforms to accelerate the speed of decision and deployability within NATO, including delegation to the Secretary General and the Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR) of the authority to deploy the Very High Readiness Joint Task Force to any location within the territory of NATO allies in response to a security crisis; (B) promote a more robust NATO defense planning process that— (i) defines clear, stable chains-of-command responsible for the execution of graduated response plans; (ii) generates realistic military require-ments; and (iii) provides a basis for assigning allies specific responsibilities as force providers in contingency plans; (C) pursue planning agreements with allies and partners in Europe on rules of engage-ment and arrangements for command and control, access, transit, and support in crisis situations, which occur prior to an invoca-tion of Article 5 of the Washington Treaty by the North Atlantic Council; (D) promote operational readiness of major combat units as a key element of alliance burden sharing alongside spending commit-ments made at the 2014 Wales Summit, in-cluding through— (i) the establishment of 30-day readiness targets for NATO kinetic air squadrons, major naval combatants, and mechanized maneuver battalions; (ii) emphasis on allies maintaining fully manned units, improving readiness of key lo-gistics units, increasing lift capacity, and maintaining sufficient stocks of equipment and munitions; and (iii) the conduct of NATO exercises with a focus on rapid mobilization and deployment of allied forces; (E) explore transitioning the Baltic air po-licing mission of NATO to a Baltic air de-fense mission that would— (i) be fully integrated with the Integrated Air and Missile Defense of NATO and other regional short- and medium-range air de-fense systems; and (ii) include the participation of NATO and regional partners such as Sweden and Fin-land; and (F) support multilateral efforts to improve maritime domain awareness in the Baltic Sea, including— (i) integrating subsurface sensors and anti- submarine warfare platforms of NATO and other regional partners into a shared mari-time domain awareness framework; (ii) coordinating the development, procure-ment, and employment of aerial, surface, and subsurface unmanned vehicles as well as mo-bile air surveillance radars; (iii) expanding the scope of Sea Surveil-lance Cooperation Baltic Sea (SUCBAS) in-formation sharing to include sensitive or classified data with the goal of creating a common operating picture; and (iv) encouraging civil-military collabora-tion on maritime domain awareness; (G) promote alignment of the Permanent Structured Cooperation, European Defense Fund, and Coordinated Annual Review on Defense of the European Union (EU) with the NATO defense planning process; (H) support NATO–EU cooperation to en-sure that— (i) EU capability development is coherent, complementary, and interoperable with NATO; (ii) EU-generated capabilities are available to NATO; and (iii) EU defense activities are conducted with appropriate transparency and participa-tion of non-EU states; (I) support coordinated NATO and EU ac-tions on expediting or waiving diplomatic clearances for the movement of United States and allied forces during contin-gencies; (J) support cooperative investment frame-works that promote increased military mo-bility in Europe; (K) explore enhancing the role of NATO Force Integration Units to more centrally coordinate exercises and training by de-con-flicting training engagements, identifying opportunities for combined activities, and ensuring exercise design and delivery are re-sponsive to the dynamic security environ-ment; (L) support cooperative efforts to improve the cyber resiliency of commercial systems in Europe, especially port and rail infra-structure essential for military mobility; (M) support NATO procurement and train-ing efforts to expand the use of secure and interoperable communications at the oper-ational level, especially in the militaries of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Roma-nia, and Bulgaria; (N) expand cooperation and joint planning with allies and partners on intelligence, sur-veillance, and reconnaissance (ISR), includ-ing— (i) exercises related to border security and crisis command and control; and (ii) electronic warfare, anti-air, and anti- surface capabilities; (O) promote efforts to improve the capa-bility and readiness of NATO Standing Mari-time Groups; (P) encourage regular review and update of the Alliance Maritime Strategy of NATO to reflect the changing military balance in the Black Sea with a particular focus on ISR, cyber, electronic warfare, and anti-sub-marine warfare capabilities as well as de-fense of ports, airfields, military bases, and other critical infrastructure; (Q) explore increasing the frequency, scale, and scope of NATO and other multilateral exercises in the Black Sea with the partici-pation of Ukraine and Georgia; (R) promote integration of United States Marines in Norway with the United King-dom-led Joint Expeditionary Force to in-crease multilateral cooperation and inter-operability between NATO and regional part-ners such as Sweden and Finland; (S) affirm support for the Open Door policy of NATO, including the eventual membership of Georgia in NATO; and (T) promote the contribution of sufficient 
resources by NATO allies for the Substantial NATO-Georgia Package, and encourage NATO allies to make full use of the NATO– Georgian Joint Training and Evaluation Center. 
SEC. 1236. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS RELATED TO NATO SUPPORT AND PROCURE-MENT ORGANIZATION AND RELATED NATO AGREEMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Sec- tion 2350d of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘NATO Support Organiza-tion’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘NATO Support and Procurement Organiza-tion’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Support Partnership Agreement’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘Support or Procurement Partnership Agreement’’; and (3) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Sup-port Partnership Agreements’’ and inserting ‘‘Support or Procurement Partnership Agreements’’. (b) A
RMS EXPORT CONTROL ACT.—Section 21(e)(3) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2761(e)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (NATO) Support Organization’’ and in-serting ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Support and Procurement Organiza-tion’’; and (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘support part-nership agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘support or procurement partnership agreement’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C)(i), in the matter preceding subclause (I)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘weapon system partner-ship agreement’’’ and inserting ‘‘‘support or procurement partnership agreement’’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization (NATO) Support Organization’’ and inserting ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization (NATO) Support and Procurement Organization’’. 
SEC. 1237. REPORT ON SECURITY COOPERATION BETWEEN THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION AND CUBA, NICARAGUA, AND VENEZUELA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on security co-operation between the Russian Federation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3473 June 11, 2018 
and each of the countries specified in sub-section (b). (b) C
OUNTRIES .—The countries specified in this subsection are as follows: (1) Cuba. (2) Nicaragua. (3) Venezuela. (c) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of bilateral security co-operation between the Russian Federation and each country specified in subsection (b) that includes each of the following: (A) A list of Russian weapon systems or other military hardware or technology val-ued at not less than $1,000,000 provided to or purchased by such country since January 1, 2007. (B) A description of the participation of the security forces of such country in train-ing or exercises with the security forces of the Russian Federation since January 1, 2007. (C) A description of any security coopera-tion agreement between the Russian Federa-tion and such country. (D) A description of any military or intel-ligence infrastructure, facilities, and assets developed by the Russian Federation in each such country and any associated agreements or understandings between the Russian Fed-eration and such country. (2) An assessment of security cooperation, specifically in an advisory role, among the countries specified in subsection (b). (d) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1238. SENSE OF SENATE ON COUNTERING RUSSIAN MALIGN INFLUENCE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of State should— (1) urgently prioritize the completion of a comprehensive strategy to counter Russian malign influence; and (2) submit to Congress the report required by section 1239A(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–91). Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Indo- Pacific Region 
SEC. 1241. REDESIGNATION, EXPANSION, AND EX-TENSION OF SOUTHEAST ASIA MARI-TIME SECURITY INITIATIVE. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION AS INDO-PACIFIC MARI-
TIME SECURITY INITIATIVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(2) of sec-tion 1263 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 333 note) is amended by striking ‘‘the ‘Southeast Asia Maritime Security Initiative’’’ and in-serting ‘‘the ‘Indo-Pacific Maritime Security Initiative’’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1263. INDO-PACIFIC MARITIME SECURITY INITIATIVE.’’. 
(b) E XPANSION .— (1) E
XPANSION OF REGION TO RECEIVE ASSIST -
ANCE AND TRAINING .—Subsection (a)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Indian Ocean’’ after ‘‘South China Sea’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A). (2) R
ECIPIENT COUNTRIES OF ASSISTANCE AND  
TRAINING GENERALLY .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a period; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) Bangladesh. ‘‘(7) Sri Lanka.’’. (3) COUNTRIES ELIGIBLE FOR PAYMENT OF  
CERTAIN INCREMENTAL EXPENSES .—Subsection (e)(2) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) India.’’. (c) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of such sec-tion is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2025’’. 
SEC. 1242. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVEL-OPMENTS INVOLVING THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
Section 1202(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (16) and (17) through (23) as paragraphs (7) through (17) and (19) through (25), respec-tively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraph (6): ‘‘(6) China’s overseas military basing and logistics infrastructure.’’; (3) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘including technology transfers and espionage’’ in the first sentence and insert-ing ‘‘including investment, industrial espio-nage, cybertheft, academia, and other means of technology transfer’’; (4) by inserting after paragraph (17), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph (18): ‘‘(18) An assessment of relations between China and the Russian Federation with re-spect to security and military matters.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(26) The relationship between Chinese overseas investment, including initiatives such as the Belt and Road Initiative, and Chinese security and military strategy ob-jectives. ‘‘(27) Efforts by China to influence the media, cultural institutions, business, and academic and policy communities of the United States to be more favorable to its se-curity and military strategy and objectives. ‘‘(28) Efforts by China to monitor and in-fluence, in support of its security and mili-tary strategy and objectives, the following: ‘‘(A) Chinese citizens in the United States. ‘‘(B) United States citizens of Chinese de-scent.’’. 
SEC. 1243. SENSE OF SENATE ON TAIWAN. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the Taiwan Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) and the ‘‘Six Assurances’’ are both cornerstones of United States relations with Taiwan; (2) the United States should strengthen de-fense and security cooperation with Taiwan to support the development of capable, ready, and modern defense forces necessary for Taiwan to maintain a sufficient self-de-fense capability; (3) the United States should strongly sup-port the acquisition by Taiwan of defensive weapons through foreign military sales, di-rect commercial sales, and industrial co-operation, with a particular emphasis on asymmetric warfare and undersea warfare capabilities, consistent with the Taiwan Re-lations Act; (4) the United States should improve the predictability of arms sales to Taiwan by en-suring timely review of and response to re-quests of Taiwan for defense articles and de-fense services; (5) the Secretary of Defense should pro-mote Department of Defense policies con-cerning exchanges that enhance the security of Taiwan, including— (A) United States participation in appro-priate Taiwan exercises, such as the annual Han Kuang exercise; (B) Taiwan participation in appropriate United States exercises; and (C) exchanges between senior defense offi-cials and general officers of the United States and Taiwan consistent with the Tai-wan Travel Act (Public Law 115–135); (6) the United States and Taiwan should expand cooperation in humanitarian assist-ance and disaster relief; and (7) the Secretary of Defense should con-sider supporting the visit of a United States hospital ship to Taiwan as part of the annual ‘‘Pacific Partnership’’ mission in order to improve disaster response planning and pre-paredness as well as to strengthen coopera-tion between the United States and Taiwan. SEC. 1244. REDESIGNATION AND MODIFICATION OF SENSE OF CONGRESS AND INI-TIATIVE FOR THE INDO-ASIA-PA-CIFIC REGION. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1251 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘Indo-Asia-Pacific’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Indo-Pacific’’. (2) H
EADING AMENDMENTS .— (A) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1251. SENSE OF CONGRESS AND INITIATIVE FOR THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION.’’. 
(B) S UBSECTION HEADINGS .—Such section is further amended in the headings of sub-sections (b) and (f) by striking ‘‘I
NDO-ASIA- P
ACIFIC ’’ and inserting ‘‘I NDO-PACIFIC ’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF INITIATIVE .—Such sec- tion is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs (1) through (4): ‘‘(1) Activities to increase the rotational and forward presence, improve the capabili-ties, and enhance the posture of the United States Armed Forces in the Indo-Pacific re-gion— ‘‘(A) consistent with the National Defense Strategy; and ‘‘(B) to the extent required to minimize the risk of execution of the contingency plans of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(2) Activities to improve military and de-fense infrastructure, logistics, and assured access in the Indo-Pacific region to enhance the responsiveness, survivability, and oper-ational resilience of the United States Armed Forces in the Indo-Pacific region. ‘‘(3) Activities to enhance the storage and pre-positioning in the Indo-Pacific region of equipment and munitions of the United States Armed Forces. ‘‘(4) Bilateral and multilateral military training and exercises with allies and part-ner nations in the Indo-Pacific region.’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘security capacity’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of allies’’ in subpara-graph (B) and inserting ‘‘security capacity of allies’’; and (ii) by redesignating clauses (i) through (v) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘only’’; and (3) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) F
IVE-YEAR PLAN FOR THE INDO-PACIFIC  S
TABILITY INITIATIVE .— ‘‘(1) P
LAN REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-tion with the Commander of the United States Pacific Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a future 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3474 June 11, 2018 
years plan on activities and resources of the Initiative. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—The plan shall apply to the Initiative with respect to fiscal year 2020 and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) A description of the objectives of the Initiative. ‘‘(B) A description of the manner in which such objectives support implementation of the National Defense Strategy and reduce the risk of execution of the contingency plans of the Department of Defense by im-proving the operational resilience of United States forces in the Indo-Pacific region. ‘‘(C) An assessment of the resource require-ments to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(D) An assessment of any additional rota-tional or permanently stationed United States forces in the Indo-Pacific region re-quired to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(E) An assessment of the logistics re-quirements, including force enablers, equip-ment, supplies, storage, and maintenance, to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(F) An identification and assessment of required infrastructure investments to achieve such objectives, including potential infrastructure investments by host countries and new construction or upgrades of existing sites that would be funded by the United States. ‘‘(G) An assessment of any new agree-ments, or changes to existing agreements, with other countries for assured access re-quired to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(H) An assessment of security cooperation investments required to achieve such objec-tives. ‘‘(3) F
ORM.—The plan required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.’’. 
SEC. 1245. PROHIBITION ON PARTICIPATION OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA IN RIM OF THE PACIFIC (RIMPAC) NAVAL EXERCISES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the pace and militarization by the Gov-ernment of the People’s Republic of China of land reclamation activities in the South China Sea is destabilizing the security of United States allies and partners and threat-ening United States core interests; (2) these activities of the Government of the People’s Republic of China adversarially threaten the maritime security of the United States and our allies and partners; (3) no country that acts adversarially should be invited to multilateral exercises; and (4) the involvement of the Government of the People’s Republic of China in multilat-eral exercises should undergo reevaluation until such behavior changes. (b) C
ONDITIONS FOR FUTURE PARTICIPATION  
INRIMPAC.—The Secretary of Defense shall not enable or facilitate the participation of the People’s Republic of China in any Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) naval exercise unless the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that China has— (1) ceased all land reclamation activities in the South China Sea; (2) removed all weapons from its land rec-lamation sites; and (3) established a consistent four-year track record of taking actions toward stabilizing the region. 
SEC. 1246. ASSESSMENT OF AND REPORT ON GEO-POLITICAL CONDITIONS IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall select and enter into an agreement with an entity inde-pendent of the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the geopolitical conditions in the Indo-Pacific region that are necessary for the successful implementa-tion of the National Defense Strategy. (2) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The assess-ment required by paragraph (1) shall include a determination of the geopolitical condi-tions in the Indo-Pacific region, including any change in economic and political rela-tions, that are necessary to support United States military requirements for forward de-fense, extensive forward basing, and alliance formation and strengthening in such region. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the independent entity selected under subsection (a) shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report on the results of the assessment conducted under that sub-section. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT .— The Secretary shall provide the independent entity selected under subsection (a) with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, and analyses necessary for the independent entity to conduct the as-sessment required by that subsection in a thorough and independent manner. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1247. SENSE OF SENATE ON UNITED STATES- INDIA DEFENSE RELATIONSHIP. 
It is the sense the Senate that the United States should strengthen and enhance its major defense partnership with India and work toward mutual security objectives by— (1) expanding engagement in multilateral frameworks, including the Quadrilateral Dialogue between the United States, India, Japan, and Australia, to promote regional security and defend shared values and com-mon interests in the rules-based order; (2) exploring additional steps to implement the ‘‘major defense partner’’ designation to better facilitate military interoperability, information sharing, and appropriate tech-nology transfers; (3) designating the responsible individual within the Department of Defense to facili-tate the major defense partnership with India, as required by section 1292(a)(1)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114-328; 130 Stat. 2559); (4) pursuing strategic initiatives to help develop India’s defense capabilities, includ-ing maritime security capabilities; (5) improving cooperation on and coordina-tion of humanitarian and disaster relief re-sponses; (6) conducting additional joint exercises with India in the Persian Gulf, the Indian Ocean region, and the Western Pacific; and (7) furthering cooperative efforts to pro-mote security and stability in Afghanistan. 
SEC. 1248. SENSE OF SENATE ON STRATEGIC IM-PORTANCE OF MAINTAINING COM-MITMENTS UNDER COMPACTS OF FREE ASSOCIATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Re-public of Palau are sovereign countries in free association with the United States under the Compacts of Free Association (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Compacts’’), which provide for the exclusive right of the United States Armed Forces to operate in the areas covered by the Compacts. (2) Such exclusive right allows the United States to curtail the potential expansion of foreign militaries into areas covered by the Compacts. (3) Under the Compacts, eligible citizens of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Re-public of the Marshall Islands, and the Re-public of Palau may— (A) reside, work, and study in the United States without a visa; and (B) serve in the United States Armed Forces. (4) An estimated 1⁄4of the populations of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Re-public of the Marshall Islands, and the Re-public of Palau has relocated to the United States. (5) Under the Compacts, the Federal Gov-ernment is required to provide assistance to any affected jurisdiction in the United States to defray costs incurred by the af-fected jurisdiction for health, educational, social, or public safety services, or for infra-structure relating to such services, due to the residence in the affected jurisdiction of citizens of the Federated States of Micro-nesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that maintaining the commitments of the United States under the Compacts is of vital strategic importance to the national security interests of the United States. 
SEC. 1249. SENSE OF SENATE ON UNITED STATES MILITARY FORCES ON THE KOREAN PENINSULA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) On June 25, 1950, the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea (DPRK), under the rule of Kim Il-sung, the grandfather of Kim Jong-un, launched a surprise attack against forces from the Republic of Korea (South Korea) and small contingent of United States forces, thus beginning the Korean War. (2) In June and July of 1950, the United Na-tions Security Council adopted Resolutions 82, 83, and 84 calling for the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea to cease hostilities and withdraw, to recommend that United Nations member nations provide forces to repel the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea attack, and stating any forces pro-vided should be unified under the command of the United States, respectively. (3) Fighting as part of a 1,000,000-strong, 22- nation United Nations force, 36,574 members of the United States Armed Forces and 137,899 members of the South Korean mili-tary lost their lives during the three years of armed hostilities and brutal conflict in the Korean War. (4) On July 27, 1953, the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, Chinese People’s Volunteers, and the United Nations signed an armistice agreement ceasing all hos-tilities in Korea and establishing the Demili-tarized Zone (DMZ). (5) Since 1953, lawfully-deployed United States and United Nations forces have re-mained alongside their South Korean coun-terparts, continuing to protect and defend South Korea and deter aggression from the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (6) As a lasting testament the blood and treasure lost during the Korean War and the strong and unwavering alliance built from the ashes of the conflict, the Korean War Me-morial in Washington, District of Columbia, and the War Memorial of Korea in Seoul, South Korea, prominently display the fol-lowing inscription: ‘‘Our Nation honors her Sons and Daughters who answered the call to defend a Country they never knew and a peo-ple they never met.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3475 June 11, 2018 
(7) The United States maintains a robust, well-trained, and ready force of approxi-mately 28,500 members of the Armed Forces in South Korea, and the presence of the members of the Armed Forces in South Korea demonstrates the continued resolve and support of the United States for the en-during United States-South Korean Alliance. (8) On December 22, 2017, Kim Jong-un stat-ed, ‘‘The rapid development of [North Ko-rea’s] nuclear force is now exerting big influ-ence on the world political structure and strategic environment.’’. (9) On January 1, 2018, Kim Jong-un stated ‘‘The entire United States is within range of our nuclear weapons, and a nuclear button is always on my desk. This is reality, not a threat. This year we should focus on mass producing nuclear warheads and ballistic missiles for operational deployment.’’. (10) Despite 11 standalone United Nations Security Council resolutions against the nu-clear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, 8 of which passed during the rule of Kim Jong- un, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has continued to illegally and unlaw-fully pursue a long-range, nuclear capability meant to hold hostage the United States and threaten the security of the neighbors of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (11) The 2017 National Security Strategy (NSS) states— (A) ‘‘Our alliance and friendship with South Korea, forged by the trials of history, is stronger than ever.’’; (B) ‘‘Allies and partners magnify our power . . . [and] together with our allies, partners, and aspiring partners, the United States will pursue cooperation with reciprocity.’’; and (C) with respect to priority actions in the Indo-Pacific region, ‘‘We will redouble our commitment to established alliances and partnerships, while expanding and deepening relationships with new partners that share respect for sovereignty . . . and the rule of law.’’. (12) Secretary of Defense James Mattis stated, ‘‘Winston Churchill noted that the only thing harder than fighting with allies is fighting without them. History proves that we are stronger when we stand united with others. Accordingly, our military will be de-signed, trained, and ready to fight alongside allies.’’. (13) The 2018 National Defense Strategy (NDS) states, ‘‘Mutually beneficial alliances and partnerships are crucial to our strategy, providing a durable, asymmetric strategic advantage that no competitor or rival can match . . . [and the United States] will strengthen and evolve our alliances and part-nerships into an extended network capable of deterring or decisively acting to meet the shared challenges of our time.’’. (14) The unclassified summary of 2018 NDS, an 11-page document, mentions the term ‘‘al-lies’’ or ‘‘alliances’’ over 50 times. (15) The 2018 NDS states, ‘‘China is a stra-tegic competitor using predatory economics to intimidate its neighbors . . . [and] it is in-creasingly clear that China. . .want[s] to shape a world consistent with their authori-tarian model—gaining veto authority over other nations’ economic, diplomatic, and se-curity decisions.’’. (16) Foreign policy experts have long con-tended that the first priority of the People’s Republic of China on the Korean Peninsula is to ensure that the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea remains a buffer between China and the democratic South Korea and the United States forces deployed on the Ko-rean Peninsula. (17) China continues to provide the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea with most of its food and energy supplies and, until re-cently, accounted for approximately 90 per-cent of the total trade volume of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea. (18) On June 30, 2017, President Donald Trump stated, ‘‘Our goal is peace, stability and prosperity for the region. But the United States will defend itself, always will defend itself, always, and we will always defend our allies. As part of that commitment, we are working together to ensure fair burden shar-ing and support of the United States mili-tary presence in Republic of Korea.’’. (19) South Korea already pays for approxi-mately 50 percent of the total nonpersonal costs of the 28,500 United States members of the Armed Forces on the Korean Peninsula, amounting to $887,500,000 in 2018. (20) President Moon Jae-in has committed to increasing the defense spending of South Korea during his term from the current level 2.4 percent of the gross domestic product to 2.9 percent of the gross domestic product. (21) News reports published in early May 2018 have stated that President Trump asked the Secretary of Defense to provide him with options for removing United States troops from the Korean Peninsula. (22) National Security Advisor John Bolton responded, ‘‘The President has not asked the Pentagon to provide options for reducing American forces stationed in South Korea.’’. (23) A spokesman for the Secretary stated, ‘‘The president has not asked the Pentagon to provide options for reducing American forces stationed in South Korea. The Depart-ment of Defense’s mission in South Korea re-mains the same, and our force posture has not changed. The Department of Defense re-mains committed to supporting the max-imum pressure campaign, developing and maintaining military options for the Presi-dent, and reinforcing our ironclad security commitment with our allies. We all remain committed to complete, verifiable, and irre-versible denuclearization of the Korean Pe-ninsula.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) South Korea is a close friend and ally of the United States, and the United States- South Korea alliance is the linchpin of peace and security in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) the presence of United States military forces on the Korean Peninsula and across the Indo-Pacific region continues to play a critical role in safeguarding the peaceful and stable rules-based international order that benefits all countries; (3) South Korea has contributed heavily to its own defense and to the defense of the United States Armed Forces in South Korea, including by providing $10,000,000,000 of the $10,800,000,0000 Camp Humphreys project, which is 93 percent of the funding, to build and relocate United States military forces to a new base in South Korea; (4) United States military forces, pursuant to international law, are lawfully deployed on the Korean Peninsula; (5) the nuclear and ballistic missile pro-grams of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea are clear and consistent violations of international law; (6) the long-stated strategic objective of authoritarian states such as the People’s Re-public of China, the Russian Federation, and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has been the significant removal of United States military forces from the Korean Pe-ninsula; (7) the maximum pressure campaign of the Trump Administration, including an in-crease in economic sanctions and diplomatic measures with United States allies and re-gional partners, has worked to bring Kim Jong-un to the negotiation table; and (8) the significant removal of United States military forces from the Korean Peninsula is a non-negotiable item as it relates to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. Subtitle F—Reports SEC. 1251. REPORT ON MILITARY AND COERCIVE ACTIVITIES OF THE PEOPLE’S RE-PUBLIC OF CHINA IN SOUTH CHINA SEA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (d), immediately after the com-mencement of any significant reclamation or militarization activity by the People’s Re-public of China in the South China Sea, in-cluding any significant military deployment or operation or infrastructure construction, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, and release to the public, a report on the mili-tary and coercive activities of China in the South China Sea in connection with such ac-tivity. (b) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT TO PUBLIC .—Each report on a significant reclamation or mili-tarization activity under subsection (a) shall include a short narrative on, and one or more corresponding images of, such signifi-cant reclamation or militarization activity. (c) F
ORM.— (1) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Any report under subsection (a) that is submitted to the congressional defense committees shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may in-clude a classified annex. (2) R
ELEASE TO PUBLIC .—If a report under subsection (a) is released to the public, such report shall be so released in unclassified form. (d) W
AIVER .— (1) R
ELEASE OF REPORT TO PUBLIC .—The Secretary of Defense may waive the require-ment in subsection (a) for the release to the public of a report on a significant reclama-tion or militarization activity if the Sec-retary determines that the release to the public of a report on such activity under that subsection in the form required by sub-section (c)(2) would have an adverse effect on the national security interests of the United States. (2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—If the Secretary issues a waiver under paragraph (1) with re-spect to a report on an activity, not later than 48 hours after the Secretary issues such waiver, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees written notice of, and justification for, such waiver. 
SEC. 1252. REPORT ON TERRORIST USE OF HUMAN SHIELDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall provide a report on the use of human shields by terrorist groups to protect other-wise lawful targets from attack. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the lessons learned from the United States and its allies and partners in addressing the use of human shields by terrorist organizations such as Hamas, Hezbollah, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Al Qaeda, and any other organiza-tion as determined by the Secretary of De-fense. (2) A description of a specific plan and ac-tions being taken by the Department of De-fense to incorporate the lessons learned as identified in paragraph (1) into Department of Defense operating guidance, relevant ca-pabilities, and tactics, techniques, and pro-cedures to deter, counter, and address the challenge posed by the use of human shields and hold accountable terrorist organizations for the use of human shields. (c) S
UBMITTAL OF THE REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3476 June 11, 2018 
submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the report required in subsection (a). (d) F
ORM.—The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a clas-sified annex. (e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SEC. 1253. REPORT ON ARCTIC STRATEGIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the strategy of the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, and the Air Force, respectively, for the Arctic re-gion. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the specific means by which each Armed Force, including regular components, the National Guard, and the Re-serves, will— (A) enhance the capability of the Armed Forces to defend the homeland and exercise sovereignty; (B) strengthen deterrence at home and abroad; (C) strengthen alliances and partnerships; (D) preserve freedom of the seas in the Arc-tic; (E) engage public, private, and inter-national partners to improve domain aware-ness in the Arctic; (F) develop Department of Defense Arctic infrastructure and capabilities consistent with changing conditions and needs; (G) provide support to civil authorities, as directed; (H) partner with other departments, agen-cies, and countries to support human and en-vironmental security; and (I) support international institutions that promote regional cooperation and the rule of law. (2) An analysis of the role of each Armed Force in the operational and contingency plans for the protection of United States na-tional security interests in the Arctic re-gion, including strategic national assets, United States citizens, territory, freedom of navigation, and economic and trade interests in the Arctic region, weighed against the missions described in the Arctic strategy. (3) A detailed description of near-term and long-term training, capability, and resource gaps that must be addressed to fully execute each mission described in the Arctic strategy against an increasing threat environment. (4) A description of the Armed Force-spe-cific infrastructure that may be needed to continue to accomplish each mission de-scribed in the Arctic strategy against an in-creasing threat environment, including a cost estimate and potential construction timeline for such infrastructure. (5) A description, by Armed Force, of the current and projected Arctic capabilities of the Russian Federation and the People’s Re-public of China, and an analysis of current and future United States capabilities that are required to comply with— (A) each mission described in the Arctic strategy; and (B) the strategic objectives in the National Defense Strategy. (6) With respect to each Armed Force— (A) an assessment of the level of coopera-tion between each Armed Force and other departments and agencies of the United States Government (including the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the National Security Agency), State and local govern-ments, and Tribal entities; and (B) a plan for increased cooperation be-tween the Armed Forces and such depart-ments, agencies, and entities. (c) FORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1254. REPORT ON PERMANENT STATIONING OF A UNITED STATES ARMY BRI-GADE COMBAT TEAM IN THE REPUB-LIC OF POLAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of permanently stationing a United States Army brigade combat team in the Republic of Poland. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall address the following: (1) An assessment whether a permanently stationed United States Army brigade com-bat team in Poland would enhance deter-rence against Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. (2) An assessment of the actions the Rus-sian Federation may take in response to a United States decision to permanently sta-tion such a brigade combat team in Poland. (3) An assessment of the international po-litical considerations of permanently sta-tioning such a brigade combat team in Po-land, including within the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). (4) An assessment whether such a brigade combat team in Poland would support imple-mentation of the National Defense Strategy. (5) A description and assessment of the manner in which such a brigade combat team in Poland may affect the ability of the Joint Force to execute Department of De-fense contingency plans in Europe. (6) A description and assessment of the manner in which such a brigade combat team in Poland would affect the ability of the Joint Force to respond to a crisis inside the territory of a North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization ally that occurs prior to the invo-cation of Article 5 of the Washington Treaty by the North Atlantic Council. (7) An identification and assessment of— (A) potential locations in Poland for sta-tioning such a brigade combat team; (B) the logistics requirements, including force enablers, equipment, supplies, storage, and maintenance, that would be required to support such a brigade combat team in Po-land; (C) infrastructure investments by the United States and Poland, including new construction or upgrades of existing sites, that would be required to support such a bri-gade combat team in Poland; (D) any new agreements, or changes to ex-isting agreements, between the United States and Poland that would be required for such a brigade combat team in Poland; (E) any changes to the posture or capabili-ties of the Joint Force in Europe that would be required to support such a brigade combat team in Poland; and (F) the timeline required to achieve the permanent stationing of such a brigade com-bat team in Poland. (8) An assessment of the willingness and ability of the Government of Poland to pro-vide host nation support for such a brigade combat team. (9) An assessment of whether future growth in United States Army end strength may be used to source additional forces for such a brigade combat team In Poland. (c) FORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1255. REPORTS ON NUCLEAR CAPABILITIES OF THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE’S RE-PUBLIC OF KOREA. 
(a) B ASELINE REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Director of National Intel-ligence, shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on the status of the nuclear program of the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea to establish a base-line of progress for negotiations with the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea with respect to denuclearization. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following, to the extent known or suspected: (1) A description of the location, quantity, capability, and operational status of the nu-clear weapons of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (2) A description of the location of nuclear research, development, production, and test-ing facilities of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea, including covert facilities. (3) A description of the location, quantity, capability, and operational status of the bal-listic missiles of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (4) A description of the location of the bal-listic missile manufacturing and assembly facilities of the Democratic People’s Repub-lic of Korea. (5) An assessment of any intelligence gaps with respect to the information required by this subsection and verification or inspection measures that may fill such gaps. (c) U
PDATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an agree-ment between the United States and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, not later than 60 days after the date on which the agreement is reached, and every 90 days thereafter, the report required by subsection (a) shall be augmented by a written update. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each written update under paragraph (1) shall include the following for the preceding 90-day period: (A) A description of the number of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles verifiably dis-mantled, destroyed, rendered permanently unusable, or transferred out of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea. (B) An identification of the location of nu-clear research, development, production, and testing facilities in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea identified and verifiably dismantled, destroyed, or rendered perma-nently unusable. (C) An identification of the location of bal-listic missile manufacturing and assembly facilities in the Democratic People’s Repub-lic of Korea verifiably dismantled, destroyed, or rendered permanently unusable. (D) A description of the number of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles that remain in or under the control of the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea. (E) An assessment of the progress made in extending the breakout period required for the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to reconstitute its nuclear weapons program and build a nuclear weapon, as such progress relates to the information required by sub-paragraphs (A) through (D). (d) V
ERIFICATION ASSESSMENT REPORT .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which the report required by subsection (a) is submitted, and every 180 days thereafter, the written update required under paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall include, in addition to the information required by subpara-graphs (A) through (E) of that subsection, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3477 June 11, 2018 
the following for the preceding 180-day pe-riod: (1) An assessment of the establishment of safeguards, other control mechanisms, and other assurances secured from the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea to ensure the activities of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea permitted under any agree-ment will not be used to further any nuclear- related military or nuclear explosive pur-pose, including research on or development of a nuclear explosive device. (2) An assessment of the capacity of the United States or an international organiza-tion, including the International Atomic En-ergy Agency, to effectively access and inves-tigate suspicious sites in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea or allegations of covert nuclear-related activities, including storage sites for nuclear weapons. (e) S
UNSET .—The section shall cease to be effective on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1256. REPORT ON UNITED STATES MILITARY TRAINING OPPORTUNITIES WITH AL-LIES AND PARTNERS IN THE INDO- PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the Secretary of Defense, as part of strategic initiatives, should continue to place emphasis on and consider the benefits of United States military training exercises with allies in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) the Indo-Pacific region is— (A) a strategically important region; and (B) critical to the interests of the United States; (3) the relationship between the United States and allies and partners in the Indo- Pacific region is essential for ensuring peace and security in the region; (4) interoperability between the United States and allies in the Indo-Pacific region increases readiness and regional contingency response time; (5) the United States should focus on ex-panding training with other allied nations and partners in the Indo-Pacific region; (6) the United States, working within our framework of alliances and partnerships, should seek to build the capacity and capa-bility of our allies and partners in the Indo- Pacific region and to expand interoperability with them; and (7) the United States and its partners in the Indo-Pacific region should continue to work together to build the forces, infrastruc-ture, relationships, and training needed to respond to search and rescue and humani-tarian assistance needed in the whole of cat-astrophic natural disasters. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on future United States military training op-portunities with allied and partner countries in the Indo-Pacific region. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed description of— (i) current United States military exer-cises involving United States partners and allies in the Indo-Pacific region; (ii) the manner in which such exercises are intended to improve the capability and ca-pacity of such partners and allies; and (iii) the interoperability of such partners and allies with the United States Armed Forces. (B) An analysis of the potential to expand the size, scope, or makeup of such exercises to include— (i) additional forces and units of current participants; (ii) additional capabilities or training; and (iii) other allies and partners in the Indo- Pacific region and other regions. (C) An identification of new United States military exercises that may be initiated in the Indo-Pacific region with— (i) security treaty allies such as Japan, South Korea, Australia, the Philippines, and Thailand; (ii) growing partners such as India, Indo-nesia, Malaysia, Mongolia, New Zealand, Singapore, Sri Lanka, and Vietnam; (iii) existing multilateral frameworks, such as the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN); (iv) allies and partners outside the Indo- Pacific region; and (v) potential new allies or partners. (3) FORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1261. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES RE-LATING TO ACQUISITION AND CROSS-SERVICING AGREEMENTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS .—Section 2342 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsections (d) and (e): ‘‘(d) The Secretary of may not use an agreement with any government of an orga-nization described in subsection (a)(1) to fa-cilitate the transfer of logistic support, sup-plies, and services to any country or organi-zation with which the Secretary has not signed an agreement described in subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(e) An agreement described in subsection (a)(2) may not provide or otherwise con-stitute a commitment for the introduction of the armed forces into hostilities.’’. (b) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Such section is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) Not later than January 15 each year, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on acquisition and cross-servicing activities that sets forth, in detail, the following: ‘‘(1) A list of agreements in effect pursuant to subsection (a)(1) during the preceding fis-cal year. ‘‘(2) The date on which each agreement listed under paragraph (1) was signed, and, in the case of an agreement with a country that is not a member of the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization, the date on which the Sec-retary notified Congress pursuant to sub-section (b)(2) of the designation of such coun-try under subsection (a). ‘‘(3) The total dollar amount and major categories of logistic support, supplies, and services provided during the preceding fiscal year under each such agreement. ‘‘(4) The total dollar amount and major categories of reciprocal provisions of logistic support, supplies, and services received under each such agreement. ‘‘(5) With respect to the calendar year dur-ing which the report is submitted, an assess-ment of the following: ‘‘(A) The anticipated logistic support, sup-plies, and services requirements of the United States. ‘‘(B) The anticipated requirements of other countries for United States logistic support, supplies, and services.’’. (c) DEFINITIONS .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘the Committee on Armed Services’’ the first place it appears and all that follows through ‘‘the House of Representatives’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the appropriate committees of Con-gress’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) In this section, the term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 1262. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF AMOUNTS FOR GLOB-AL ENGAGEMENT CENTER. 
Section 1287(e)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2546; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) for fiscal year 2019 are less than $80,000,000, the Secretary of Defense is au-thorized to transfer, from amounts author-ized to be appropriated by an Act author-izing funds for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019, to the Secretary of State an amount, not to exceed $60,000,000, to be avail-able to carry out the functions of the Center for fiscal year 2019.’’. 
SEC. 1263. SENSE OF SENATE ON PURCHASE BY TURKEY OF S–400 AIR DEFENSE SYS-TEM. 
It is the sense of the Senate that if the Re-public of Turkey purchases the S–400 air de-fense system from the Russian Federation— (1) such purchase would constitute a sig-nificant transaction within the meaning of section 231(a) of the Countering Russian In-fluence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (title II of Public Law 115–44; 22 U.S.C. 9525(a)); and (2) the President should faithfully execute that Act by imposing and applying sanctions under section 235 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 9529) with respect to any individual or entity de-termined to have engaged in such significant transaction as if such person were a sanc-tioned person for purposes of such section 235. 
SEC. 1264. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT FOR STABILIZATION ACTIVITIES IN NATIONAL SECURITY INTEREST OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and in consultation with the Admin-istrator of the United States Agency for International Development and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, provide support for the stabilization activi-ties of other Federal agencies specified under subsection (c). (b) D
ESIGNATION OF FOREIGN AREAS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts authorized to be provided pursuant to this section shall be available only for support for stabilization activities— (A) in a country specified in paragraph (2); and (B) that the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, has determined are in the national security in-terest of the United States. (2) S
PECIFIED COUNTRIES .—The countries specified in this paragraph are as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3478 June 11, 2018 
(A) Iraq. (B) Syria. (C) Afghanistan. (D) Somalia. (c) S
UPPORT TO OTHER AGENCIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Support may be provided for stabilization activities under subsection (a) to the Department of State, the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, or other Federal agencies, on a reim-bursable or nonreimbursable basis. (2) T
YPE OF SUPPORT .—Support under sub-section (a) may consist of— (A) logistic support, supplies, and services; and (B) equipment. (d) R
EQUIREMENT FOR A STABILIZATION  S
TRATEGY .— (1) L
IMITATION .—With respect to any coun-try specified in subsection (b)(2), no amount of support may be provided under subsection (a) until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, submits to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a detailed report setting forth a stabilization strategy for such country. (2) E
LEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—The sta- bilization strategy required by paragraph (1) shall set forth the following: (A) The United States interests in con-ducting stabilization activities in the coun-try specified in subsection (b)(2). (B) The key foreign partners and actors in such country. (C) The desired end states and objectives of the United States stabilization activities in such country. (D) The Department of Defense support in-tended to be provided for the stabilization activities of other Federal agencies under section (a). (E) Any mechanism for civil-military co-ordination regarding support for stabiliza-tion activities. (F) The mechanisms for monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of Department of Defense support for United States sta-bilization activities in the area. (e) R
EQUIREMENT FOR GUIDANCE .—No amount of support may be provided under subsection (a) until 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the appropriate committees of Congress written guidance for the design, implementa-tion, monitoring, and evaluation of support provided under that subsection. (f) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress on an annual basis a re-port that includes the following: (1) The identification of each foreign area within countries specified in subparagraph (b)(2) for which support to stabilization has occurred. (2) The total amount spent by the Depart-ment of Defense, broken out by recipient Federal agency and activity. (3) An assessment of the contribution of each activity toward greater stability. (4) An articulation of any plans for contin-ued Department of Defense support to sta-bilization in the specified foreign area in order to maintain or improve stability. (5) Other matters as the Secretary con-siders to be appropriate. (g) U
SE OF FUNDS .— (1) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—Amounts for activi-ties carried out under this section in a fiscal year shall be derived only from amounts au-thorized to be appropriated for such fiscal year for the Department of Defense for Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-wide. (2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than $25,000,000 in each fiscal year is authorized to be used to provide support under this section. (h) EXPIRATION .—The authority provided under this section may not be exercised after September 30, 2020. (i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) L
OGISTIC SUPPORT , SUPPLIES , AND SERV -
ICES.—The term ‘‘logistic support, supplies, and services’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2350(1) of title 10 United States Code. 
SEC. 1265. ENHANCEMENT OF U.S.-ISRAEL DE-FENSE COOPERATION. 
(a) E XTENSION OF WARRESERVES STOCKPILE  A
UTHORITY .—Section 12001(d) of the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 1011) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘after September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘after September 30, 2023’’. (b) J
OINT ASSESSMENT OF QUANTITY OF PRE-
CISION GUIDED MUNITIONS FOR USE BY  I
SRAEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President, acting through the Secretary of State and the Sec-retary of Defense, is authorized to conduct a joint assessment with the Government of Israel with respect to the matters described in paragraph (2). (2) M
ATTERS DESCRIBED .—The matters de-scribed in this paragraph are the following: (A) The quantity and type of precision guided munitions that are necessary for Israel to combat Hezbollah in the event of a sustained armed confrontation between Israel and Hezbollah. (B) The quantity and type of precision guided munitions that are necessary for Israel in the event of a sustained armed con-frontation with other armed groups and ter-rorist organizations such as Hamas. (C) The resources the Government of Israel plans to dedicate to acquire such precision guided munitions. (D) United States planning to assist Israel to prepare for sustained armed confronta-tions described in this subsection as well as the ability of the United States to resupply Israel in the event of confrontations de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B), if any. (3) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after the date on which the joint assessment authorized under paragraph (1) is completed, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that contains the joint assessment. (B) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-paragraph (A) shall be submitted in classi-fied form, but may contain an unclassified summary. (C) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (i) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF RAPID ACQUISITION AND  D
EPLOYMENT PROCEDURES .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH PROCE -
DURES .—Section 806(a) of the Bob Stump Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note; Public Law 107–314) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘; and’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) urgently needed to support production of precision guided munitions— ‘‘(A) for the United States to meet require-ments; or ‘‘(B) to assist an ally of the United States under direct missile threat from— ‘‘(i) an organization the Secretary of State has designated as a foreign terrorist organi-zation pursuant to section 219 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or ‘‘(ii) a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Export Admin-istration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)) (as in effect pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act), section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), or any other provision of law, is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism.’’. (2) PRESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall prescribe procedures for the rapid acquisition and deployment of supplies and associated support services for purposes de-scribed in paragraph (3) of section 806(a) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2003, as added by paragraph (1)(C). 
SEC. 1266. CERTIFICATIONS REGARDING AC-TIONS BY SAUDI ARABIA IN YEMEN. 
(a) R ESTRICTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), if the Secretary of State is unable under sub-section (c) or (d) to certify that the Govern-ment of Saudi Arabia is undertaking the ef-fort, measures, and actions described in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c), no Federal funds may be obligated or ex-pended after the deadline for the applicable certification to provide authorized in-flight refueling pursuant to section 2342 of title 10, United States Code, or other applicable stat-utory authority, of Saudi or Saudi-led coali-tion non-United States aircraft conducting missions in Yemen, other than missions re-lated to— (A) al Qaeda, al Qaeda in the Arabian Pe-ninsula (AQAP), or the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS); (B) countering the transport, assembly, or employment of ballistic missiles or compo-nents in Yemen; (C) helping coalition aircraft return safely to base in emergency situations; (D) force protection of United States air-craft, ships, or personnel; or (E) freedom of navigation for United States military and international commerce. (2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the restriction in paragraph (1) with respect to a particular certification if the Secretary— (A) certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that the waiver is in the na-tional security interests of the United States; and (B) submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report, in written and unclassi-fied form, setting forth— (i) the effort in subsection (c)(1), measures in subsection (c)(2), or actions in subsections (c)(3) or (c)(4), or combination thereof, about which the Secretary is unable to make the certification; (ii) a detailed explanation why the Sec-retary is unable to make the certification about such effort, measures, or actions; (iii) a description of the actions the Sec-retary is taking to encourage the Govern-ment of Saudi Arabia to undertake such ef-fort, measures, or actions; and (iv) a detailed justification for the waiver. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3479 June 11, 2018 
(b) R EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President or the President’s designee shall provide a briefing to the ap-propriate committees of Congress including, at a minimum— (1) a description of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates’ military and political objectives in Yemen and whether United States assistance to the Saudi-led coalition has resulted in significant progress towards meeting those objectives; (2) a description of efforts by the Govern-ment of Saudi Arabia to avoid dispropor-tionate harm to civilians and civilian objects in Yemen, and an assessment of whether United States assistance to the Saudi-led co-alition has led to a demonstrable decrease in civilians killed or injured by Saudi-led air-strikes and damage to civilian infrastruc-ture; (3) an assessment of the United Nations Verification and Inspection Mechanism (UNVIM) in Yemen and an assessment of the need for existing secondary inspection and clearance processes and transshipment re-quirements on humanitarian and commer-cial vessels that have been cleared by UNVIM; (4) a description of the sources of external support for the Houthi forces, including fi-nancial assistance, weapons transfers, oper-ational planning, training, and advisory as-sistance; (5) an assessment of the applicability of United States and international sanctions to Houthi forces that have committed grave human rights abuses, obstructed inter-national aid, and launched ballistic missiles into Saudi territory, and an assessment of the applicability of United States and inter-national sanctions to individuals or entities providing the Houthi forces with material support; and (6) an assessment of the effect of the Saudi- led coalition’s military operations in Yemen on the efforts of the United States to defeat al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. (c) I
NITIAL CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a certification indicating whether the Govern-ment of Saudi Arabia is undertaking— (1) an urgent and good faith effort to sup-port diplomatic efforts to end the civil war in Yemen; (2) appropriate measures to alleviate the humanitarian crisis in Yemen by increasing access for Yemenis to food, fuel, medicine, and medical evacuation, including through the appropriate use of Yemen’s Red Sea ports, including the port of Hudaydah, the airport in Sana’a, and external border cross-ings with Saudi Arabia; (3) appropriate actions to reduce any un-necessary delays to shipments associated with secondary inspection and clearance processes other than the United Nations Verification and Inspections Mechanism (UNVIM); and (4) demonstrable actions to reduce the risk of harm to civilians and civilian infrastruc-ture resulting from its military operations in Yemen, including by— (A) complying with applicable agreements and laws regulating defense articles pur-chased or transferred from the United States; and (B) taking appropriate steps to avoid dis-proportionate harm to civilians and civilian infrastructure. (d) S
UBSEQUENT CERTIFICATIONS .—Not later than 180 and 360 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a certification indicating wheth-er the Government of Saudi Arabia is under-taking the effort, measures, and actions de-scribed in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c). (e) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as authorizing the use of military force. (f) F
ORM OF CERTIFICATIONS .—The certifi-cations required under subsections (c) and (d) shall be written, detailed, and submitted in unclassified form. (g) S
TRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an unclassified report listing United States ob-jectives in Yemen and detailing a strategy to accomplish those objectives. The report shall be unclassified but may include a classified annex. (h) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1267. SENSE OF SENATE ON SUPPORT FOR G5 SAHEL JOINT FORCE COUNTRIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the United States should— (1) work with partners and allies to disrupt violent extremist organizations in the Sahel region that threaten United States security interests; (2) enhance cooperation with G5 Sahel Joint Force countries, which are— (A) Burkina Faso; (B) Mali; (C) Mauritania; (D) Niger; and (E) Chad; (3) continue to support the efforts of each G5 Sahel Joint Force country— (A) to improve security along the respec-tive borders of each country through the co-operation and deployment of joint patrols to interdict the cross-border flows of illicit trafficking and violent extremist groups; (B) to address underlying sources of insta-bility in each country through a whole-of- government approach; and (C) to build and sustain in each country— (i) an effective, accountable government; (ii) a capable and professional military; and (iii) a healthy economy; and (4) ensure that any assistance of the United States to a G5 Sahel Joint Force country is undertaken as a whole-of-govern-ment effort that balances all instruments of United States national power. 
SEC. 1268. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON BROADENING AND EXPANDING STRATEGIC PART-NERSHIPS AND ALLIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States is an ally-rich coun-try and our potential competitors, such as Russia, China, and North Korea, are ally- poor countries; (2) United States allies and partners are critical to defending peace and prosperity throughout the world; (3) the rules-based international order sup-ported by the United States and its allies has ensured, and will continue to promote, an international system that benefits all na-tions; (4) throughout the world, the United States will continue to foster relationships with countries with like minds and beliefs; (5) as the United States manages multiple strategic challenges, the enduring strength of the United States remains in alliances such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, the Rio Treaty, and mutual defense treaties with Japan, the Republic of Korea, Australia, the Philippines, and Thailand; (6) the resolve of the United States re-mains as strong as ever to forge new alli-ances and partnerships with countries in order to jointly to work with one another on shared challenges in Europe, the Indo-Pacific and throughout the world; (7) the United States will continue to in-vest in critical capabilities, build a force posture that decreases the vulnerabilities of the United States and increases resiliency, all of which will help reassure the allies and partners of the United States; (8) the United States will encourage allies and partners to be full and cooperative part-ners in their own defense and the defense of the free and open international order; and (9) the United States will continue to deep-en and expand alliances, especially in the Indo-Pacific, and will take no ally for grant-ed. SEC. 1269. REMOVAL OF TURKEY FROM THE F–35 PROGRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Government of the Republic of Tur-key continues to unlawfully and wrongfully detain Andrew Brunson, a United States cit-izen, and continues to deny Mr. Brunson due process rights consistent with international norms. (2) The Government of the Republic of Tur-key has wrongly charged Andrew Brunson with belonging to a terrorist organization and engaging in terrorist activities. (3) The Government of the Republic of Tur-key, including the senior leadership of the government, bears direct responsibility for the health and safety of Andrew Brunson while he remains in the custody of the Gov-ernment of the Republic of Turkey. (4) Congress will not tolerate any foreign government’s efforts to use United States citizens for political leverage. (5) President Erdogan, along with other senior officials of the Government of the Re-public of Turkey, have publicly and repeat-edly stated the intention of the Government of the Republic of Turkey to purchase the S– 400 system from Russia, an act that is sanctionable under current United States law. (6) Any effort by the Government of the Republic of Turkey to further enhance their relationship with Russia will degrade the general security of the NATO alliance, and NATO member countries, and degrade inter-operability of the alliance. (b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a plan to remove the Gov-ernment of the Republic of Turkey from par-ticipation in the F–35 program, to include in-dustrial and military aspects of the program. The plan shall include: (1) steps required to unwind industrial par-ticipation of Turkish industry in the manu-facturing and assembly of the F–35 program; (2) costs associated with replacing tooling and other manufacturing materials held by Turkish industry; (3) timelines associated with the removal of the Government of the Republic of Turkey and Turkish industry from participation in the F–35 program, so as to cause the least impact on the remaining international pro-gram partners; and (4) steps required to prohibit the transfer of any F–35 aircraft currently owned and op-erated, by the Government of the Republic of Turkey, from the territory of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3480 June 11, 2018 
(c) L IMITATION ON THE TRANSFER OF THE F– 35 
TOTURKEY .—The Department of Defense may not transfer the title for any F–35 air-craft to the Government of the Republic of Turkey, until such time as the report identi-fied in subsection (b) has been submitted. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1270. INCREASE IN MINIMUM AMOUNT OF OBLIGATIONS FROM THE SPECIAL DEFENSE ACQUISITION FUND FOR PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Section 114(c)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2018, and shall apply with respect to fiscal years beginning on and after that date. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION 
SEC. 1301. SPECIFICATION OF COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION FUNDS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2019 C OOPERATIVE THREAT  R
EDUCTION FUNDS DEFINED .—In this title, the term ‘‘fiscal year 2019 Cooperative Threat Reduction funds’’ means the funds appro-priated pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations in section 301 and made avail-able by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Funds appro-priated pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations in section 301 and made avail-able by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program shall be available for obligation for fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021. 
SEC. 1302. FUNDING ALLOCATIONS. 
Of the $335,240,000 authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 in section 301 and made avail-able by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obli-gated for the purposes specified: (1) For strategic offensive arms elimi-nation, $2,823,000. (2) For chemical weapons destruction, $5,446,000. (3) For global nuclear security, $29,001,000. (4) For cooperative biological engagement, $197,585,000. (5) For proliferation prevention, $74,937,000. (6) For activities designated as Other As-sessments/Administrative Costs, $25,448,000. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs 
SEC. 1401. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for pro-viding capital for working capital and re-volving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1402. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for Chemical Agents and Muni-tions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. (b) USE.—Amounts authorized to be appro-priated under subsection (a) are authorized for— (1) the destruction of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and (2) the destruction of chemical warfare ma-teriel of the United States that is not cov-ered by section 1412 of such Act. 
SEC. 1403. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter- Drug Activities, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1404. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Office of the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Defense, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1405. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4501, for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense in providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries. Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile 
SEC. 1411. CONSOLIDATION OF REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS UNDER THE STRA-TEGIC AND CRITICAL MATERIALS STOCK PILING ACT. 
Section 11 of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act (50 U.S.C. 98h–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘January 15 of’’ and inserting ‘‘February 15’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later’’ and all that follows through ‘‘report containing’’ and inserting ‘‘Each report under subsection (a) shall also include’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Each such report’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘Each report under subsection (a) with respect to matters covered by this subsection’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Each such report’’ in the second sentence and inserting ‘‘Each report under subsection (a) with respect to such matters’’. Subtitle C—Armed Forces Retirement Home 
SEC. 1421. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
There is hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 from the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
SEC. 1422. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR RESI-DENCE AT THE ARMED FORCES RE-TIREMENT HOME. 
Section 1512 of the Armed Forces Retire-ment Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 412) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1512. RESIDENTS OF RETIREMENT HOME. 
‘‘(a) P ERSONS ELIGIBLE TO BERESIDENTS .— Except as provided in subsection (b), the fol-lowing persons who served as members of the Armed Forces, at least one-half of whose service was not active commissioned service (other than as a warrant officer or limited- duty officer), are eligible to become resi-dents of the Retirement Home: ‘‘(1) Persons who are 60 years of age or over and were discharged or released from service in the Armed Forces after 20 or more years of active service. ‘‘(2) Persons who are determined under rules prescribed by the Chief Operating Offi-cer to be suffering from a service-connected disability incurred in the line of duty in the Armed Forces. ‘‘(3) Persons who served in a war theater during a time of war declared by Congress or were eligible for hostile fire special pay under section 310 or 351 of title 37, United States Code, and who are determined under rules prescribed by the Chief Operating Offi-cer to be suffering from injuries, disease, or disability. ‘‘(4) Persons who served in a women’s com-ponent of the Armed Forces before June 12, 1948, and are determined under rules pre-scribed by the Chief Operating Officer to be eligible for admission because of compelling personal circumstances. ‘‘(b) PERSONS INELIGIBLE TO BERESI-
DENTS .—The following persons are ineligible to become a resident of the Retirement Home: ‘‘(1) A person who— ‘‘(A) has been convicted of a felony; or ‘‘(B) was discharged or released from serv-ice in the Armed Forces under other than honorable conditions. ‘‘(2) A person with substance abuse or men-tal health problems, except upon a judgment and satisfactory determination by the Chief Operating Officer that— ‘‘(A) the person has been evaluated by a qualified health professional selected by the Retirement Home; ‘‘(B) the Retirement Home can accommo-date the person’s condition; and ‘‘(C) the person agrees to such conditions of residency as the Retirement Home may require. ‘‘(c) A
CCEPTANCE .—To apply for acceptance as a resident of a facility of the Retirement Home, a person eligible to be a resident shall submit to the Administrator of that facility an application in such form and containing such information as the Chief Operating Offi-cer may require. ‘‘(d) P
RIORITIES FOR ACCEPTANCE .—The Chief Operating Officer shall establish a sys-tem of priorities for the acceptance of resi-dents so that the most deserving applicants will be accepted whenever the number of eli-gible applicants is greater than the Retire-ment Home can accommodate. ‘‘(e) S
POUSES OF RESIDENTS .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY TO ADMIT .—Except as oth-erwise established pursuant to subsection (d), the spouse of a person accepted as a resi-dent of a facility of the Retirement Home may be admitted to that facility if the spouse— ‘‘(A) is a covered beneficiary within the meaning of section 1072(5) of title 10, United States Code; ‘‘(B) is not ineligible to become a resident as provided in subsection (b); and ‘‘(C) submits an application for admittance in accordance with subsection (c). ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS RESIDENT .—A spouse ad-mitted in accordance with paragraph (1) shall be a resident of the Retirement Home consistent with this Act, except as the Chief Operating Officer may otherwise provide.’’. 
SEC. 1423. OVERSIGHT OF HEALTH CARE PRO-VIDED TO RESIDENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
Section 1513A(c) of the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 413a(c)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) Facilitate and monitor the timely availability to residents of the Retirement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3481 June 11, 2018 
Home such medical, mental health, and den-tal care services as such residents may re-quire at locations other than the Retirement Home.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Ensure’’ and inserting ‘‘Monitor’’. 
SEC. 1424. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY ON AC-CEPTANCE OF GIFTS FOR THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
Paragraph (1) of section 1515(f) of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 415(f)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) The Chief Operating Officer may ac-cept, receive, solicit, hold, administer, and use any gift, devise, or bequest, either abso-lutely or in trust, of real or personal prop-erty, or any income therefrom or other in-terest therein, for the benefit of the Retire-ment Home.’’. 
SEC. 1425. RELIEF FOR RESIDENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME IMPACTED BY INCREASE IN FEES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON REMOVAL FOR INABILITY  T
OPAYFEEINCREASE .—A resident of the Armed Forces Retirement Home as of Sep-tember 30, 2018, may not be removed or re-leased from the Retirement Home after that date based solely upon the inability of the resident to pay the amount of any increase in fees applicable to residents of the Retire-ment Home that takes effect on October 1, 2018. (b) O
THER RELIEF .—The Chief Operating Officer of the Armed Forces Retirement Home shall take all actions practicable to accommodate residents of the Retirement Home who are impacted by the fee structure applicable to residents of the Retirement Home that takes effect on October 1, 2018, in-cluding through hardship relief, additional deductions from gross income, and other ap-propriate actions. 
SEC. 1426. LIMITATION ON APPLICABILITY OF FEE INCREASE FOR RESIDENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
In the case of an individual who was a resi-dent of the Armed Forces Retirement Home as of April 9, 2018, the increase in fees pursu-ant to the increase in fees for residents of the Home scheduled to take effect on Octo-ber 1, 2018, may not exceed an amount equal to 50 percent of the fees payable by such in-dividual as such a resident as of April 9, 2018. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 1431. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS TO JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEM-ONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS .— Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by section 1405 and available for the Defense Health Program for operation and mainte-nance, $113,000,000 may be transferred by the Secretary of Defense to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense–Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund established by subsection (a)(1) of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2571). For purposes of subsection (a)(2) of such section 1704, any funds so trans-ferred shall be treated as amounts author-ized and appropriated specifically for the purpose of such a transfer. (b) U
SE OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS .—For the purposes of subsection (b) of such section 1704, facility operations for which funds transferred under subsection (a) may be used are operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, con-sisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility under an operational agreement covered by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). SEC. 1432. ECONOMICAL AND EFFICIENT OPER-ATION OF WORKING CAPITAL FUND ACTIVITIES. 
Section 2208(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The accomplishment of the most eco-nomical and efficient organization and oper-ation of working capital fund activities for the purposes of paragraph (1) shall include actions toward the following: ‘‘(A) The implementation of a workload plan that optimizes the efficiency of the workforce operating within a working cap-ital fund activity and reduces the rate struc-ture. ‘‘(B) Encouraging a working capital fund activity to perform reimbursable work for other entities to sustain the efficient use of the workforce. ‘‘(C) Determining the appropriate leader-ship level for approving work from outside entities to maximize efficiency.’’. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorizations of Appropriations 
SEC. 1501. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to authorize appropriations for the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2019 to provide addi-tional funds for overseas contingency oper-ations being carried out by the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 1502. OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the Depart-ment of Defense for overseas contingency op-erations in such amounts as may be des-ignated as provided in section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(ii)). 
SEC. 1503. PROCUREMENT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement accounts for the Army, the Navy and the Ma-rine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4102. 
SEC. 1504. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4202. 
SEC. 1505. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for oper-ation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4302. 
SEC. 1506. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for mili-tary personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4402. 
SEC. 1507. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for pro-viding capital for working capital and re-volving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. SEC. 1508. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter- Drug Activities, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1509. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Office of the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Defense, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1510. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1521. TREATMENT AS ADDITIONAL AUTHOR-IZATIONS. 
The amounts authorized to be appropriated by this title are in addition to amounts oth-erwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
SEC. 1522. SPECIAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may transfer amounts of authoriza-tions made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2019 be-tween any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of au-thorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this subsection may not exceed $3,500,000,000. (b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Transfers under this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. (c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The transfer authority provided by this section is in addi-tion to the transfer authority provided under section 1001. Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 1531. JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT ORGANIZATION. 
(a) U SE AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsections (b) and (c) of section 1514 of the John Warner National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2439), as in ef-fect before the amendments made by section 1503 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4649), shall apply to amounts made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization. (2) R
EFERENCES TO JOINT IMPROVISED EXPLO -
SIVE DEVICE DEFEAT FUND .—In the applica-tion of paragraph (1) to the use of funds de-scribed in that paragraph in fiscal year 2019, any reference in the subsections referred to in that paragraph to the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund shall be deemed to be a reference to the Joint Impro-vised-Threat Defeat Organization. (b) I
NTERDICTION OF IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE  D
EVICE PRECURSOR CHEMICALS .— (1) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3482 June 11, 2018 
fiscal year 2019 for the Department of De-fense by this Act for the Joint Improvised- Threat Defeat Organization, $15,000,000 may be made available to the Secretary of De-fense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide training, equipment, supplies, and services to ministries and other entities of foreign governments that the Sec-retary of Defense has identified as critical for countering the flow of improvised explo-sive device precursor chemicals. (2) P
ROVISION THROUGH OTHER UNITED  
STATES AGENCIES .—If jointly agreed upon by the Secretary of Defense and the head of an-other department or agency of the United States Government, the Secretary of Defense may transfer amounts made available under paragraph (1) to such department or agency for the provision by such department or agency of training, equipment, supplies, and services to ministries and other entities of foreign governments as described in that paragraph. (3) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—None of the funds made available under paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended to supply training, equipment, supplies, or services to a foreign country before the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, has submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a notice that includes each of the fol-lowing: (A) The name of the foreign country for which training, equipment, supplies, or serv-ices are proposed to be supplied. (B) A description of the training, equip-ment, supplies, and services to be provided to such foreign country using such funds. (C) A detailed description of the amounts proposed to be obligated or expended to sup-ply such training, equipment, supplies, or services, including— (i) any amounts proposed to be obligated or expended to support the participation of a department or agency of the United States Government other than the Department of Defense; and (ii) a description of the training, equip-ment, supplies, or services proposed to be supplied. (D) An evaluation of the effectiveness of the efforts of such foreign country to counter the flow of improvised explosive de-vice precursor chemicals. (E) An overall plan for countering the flow of precursor chemicals in such foreign coun-try. (4) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided by this subsection expires on December 31, 2019. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities 
SEC. 1601. MODIFICATIONS TO SPACE RAPID CA-PABILITIES OFFICE. 
Section 2273a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘joint’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Department of Defense Execu-tive Agent for Space’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of the Air Force’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) to rapidly develop and field new classi-fied space capabilities.’’; and (4) by striking subsections (d) through (g) and inserting the following new subsections (d) through (f): ‘‘(d) ACQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The acquisi-tion activities of the Office shall be subject to the following: ‘‘(1) The Secretary of the Air Force shall designate the acquisition executive of the Office, who shall provide streamlined acqui-sition authority for any project of the Office. ‘‘(2) The Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System process shall not apply to any acquisition by the Office. ‘‘(3) The Joint Force Space Component of the United States Strategic Command shall establish, validate, and prioritize program requirements. ‘‘(e) R
EQUIRED PROGRAM ELEMENT .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure, within budget program elements for space programs, that— ‘‘(A) there are separate, dedicated program elements for unclassified and classified ac-tivities relating to space rapid capabilities; and ‘‘(B) the Office executes the responsibil-ities of the Office through those program ele-ments. ‘‘(2) The Office shall manage the program elements required by paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) B
OARD OF DIRECTORS .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall establish for the Office a Board of Directors (to be known as the ‘Space Rapid Capabilities Board of Direc-tors’) to provide coordination, oversight, and approval of projects for the Office.’’. 
SEC. 1602. SPACE WARFIGHTING POLICY AND RE-VIEW OF SPACE CAPABILITIES. 
(a) S PACE WARFIGHTING POLICY .—Not later than March 29, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a space warfighting policy. (b) R
EVIEW OF SPACE CAPABILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a review relating to the national secu-rity space enterprise that evaluates the fol-lowing: (A) The resiliency of the national security space enterprise with respect to a conflict. (B) The ability of the national security space enterprise to attribute an attack on a space system in a timely manner. (C) The ability of the United States— (i) to resolve a conflict in space; and (ii) to determine the material means by which such conflict may be resolved. (D) The ability of the national security space enterprise— (i) to defend against aggressive behavior in space at all levels of conflict; (ii) to defeat any adversary that dem-onstrates aggressive behavior in space at all levels of conflict; (iii) to deter aggressive behavior in space at all levels of conflict; and (iv) to develop a declassification strategy, if required to demonstrate deterrence. (E) The effectiveness and efficiency of the national security space enterprise to rapidly research, develop, acquire, and deploy space capabilities and capacities— (i) to deter and defend United States na-tional security space assets; and (ii) to respond to any new threat to such space assets. (F) The current organizational structure of the national security space enterprise with respect to roles, responsibilities, and au-thorities. (G) Any emerging space threat the Sec-retary expects the United States to confront during the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (H) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 29, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the findings of the review under paragraph (1). (B) FORM.—The report under subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1603. REPORT ON ENHANCEMENTS TO THE GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that identifies whether the current Global Positioning System Operational Control Segment (OCS) can be incrementally im-proved to achieve capabilities similar to the Next Generation Operational Control Seg-ment (OCX) used to operate the Global Posi-tioning System III. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A cybersecurity review of both OCS and OCX to determine the specific cybersecurity improvements needed to operate the system through 2030, including— (A) the cybersecurity improvements to OCS needed to match the cybersecurity ca-pabilities that OCX is intended to provide; (B) any additional OCS cybersecurity pro-tections needed beyond those OCX is in-tended to provide; and (C) any additional OCX cybersecurity pro-tections needed beyond those for which OCX is currently contracted. (2) An incremental development plan for OCS, including— (A) the number of additional incremental upgrades needed to achieve capabilities simi-lar to OCX, including a discussion of— (i) any additional capabilities needed; (ii) the specific capabilities in each up-grade; (iii) the duration of each upgrade; and (iv) a full schedule to complete all up-grades; (B) the estimated cost for each incre-mental OCS upgrade; and (C) the total estimated cost across fiscal years for all OCS upgrades to achieve capa-bilities similar to OCX and any additional capabilities. (3) The date by which the Department of Defense would have to begin contracting for each incremental OCS upgrade to ensure availability of OCS for the Global Posi-tioning System III. (4) A comparison of current improvements to OCS that are underway, and additional OCS incremental improvements described under paragraph 2, to the program of record OCX capabilities, including— (A) the acquisition and sustainment cost by fiscal year through fiscal year 2030 for OCS and OCX; (B) a comparison schedule between OCS (including incremental improvements de-scribed under paragraph 2) and OCX that identifies the delivery dates and capability delivered; and (C) the cost and schedule required to pro-vide OCX with any additional needed capa-bilities that are now required and not cur-rently in the program of record. 
SEC. 1604. STREAMLINE OF COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH OPERATIONS. 
Section 1617 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1106; 51 U.S.C. 50918 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) S
TREAMLINING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any li-censed activity under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3483 June 11, 2018 
may not impose any requirement on a li-censee or transferee that is duplicative of, or overlaps in intent with, any requirement im-posed by the Secretary of Transportation under that chapter. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation under subpara-graph (A) if the Secretary determines that imposing a requirement described in that subparagraph is necessary to avoid negative consequences for the national security space program.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF LAW.—Nothing in this sec-tion limits the ability of the Secretary of Defense to consult with the Secretary of Transportation with respect to requirements and approvals under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 1605. REUSABLE LAUNCH VEHICLES. 
(a) R EUSABILITY .—The Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle Program shall be designated as the ‘‘National Security Space Launch Program’’. (b) R
EFERENCE TO EVOLVED EXPENDABLE  L
AUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM .—Any reference in any law, regulation, guidance, instruction, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States to the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle Program shall be deemed to be a reference to the National Security Space Launch Program. (c) P
OLICY .—In carrying out the policy set forth in section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall pursue a strategy that includes fully or partially re-usable launch systems. (d) C
ERTIFICATION STRATEGY .—The Sec-retary shall continue to develop a process to evaluate and certify launch vehicles using previously flown components or systems for national security space launch. (e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not less than 60 days before the date on which a solic-itation for procurement of space launch serv-ices is issued, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port that sets forth— (1) a determination with respect to wheth-er launch vehicles using previously flown components, or systems or with components or systems that are intended to be reused, that could otherwise meet mission require-ments are eligible for award; and (2) in the case of a determination that such launch vehicles shall not be eligible for award, a justification with respect to the reason for ineligibility. 
SEC. 1606. REVIEW OF AND REPORT ON ACTIVI-TIES OF INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) in coordination with the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, complete a review of each pro-gram, activity, and future technology re-search project of the Department of Defense being carried out on the International Space Station as of that date; and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that describes the re-sults of the review under paragraph (1). (b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-related Activities SEC. 1611. FRAMEWORK ON GOVERNANCE, MIS-SION MANAGEMENT, RESOURCING, AND EFFECTIVE OVERSIGHT OF DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE COMBAT SUPPORT AGENCIES THAT ARE ALSO ELEMENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) F RAMEWORK REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with sec-tion 105 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3038), section 193 of title 10, United States Code, and section 1018 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–458; 50 U.S.C. 3023 note), the Secretary of Defense shall develop and codify in policy a framework and sup-porting processes within the Department of Defense to help ensure that the missions, roles, and functions of the Combat Support Agencies (CSA) of the Department of Defense that are also elements of the intelligence community (IC), and other intelligence com-ponents of the Department, are appro-priately balanced and resourced. (2) S
COPE.—The framework shall include a consistent, repeatable process for regular re-evaluation of the responsibilities and re-source profiles of the elements described in paragraph (1) for purposes of preventing im-balances in priorities, insufficient or mis-aligned resources, and mission creep. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The framework required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A lexicon of relevant terms used by the Department of Defense to ensure consistent definitions are used in determinations about the balance described in subsection (a)(1), which lexicon shall reconcile and codify jointly-used definitions. (2) A reevaluation of the intelligence com-ponents of the Department, including the Joint Intelligence Centers and Joint Intel-ligence Operations Centers within the com-batant commands, in order to determine which components should be formally des-ignated as part of the intelligence commu-nity and any components not so designated conform to relevant tradecraft standards. (3) A repeatable Department process for evaluating the addition, transfer, or elimi-nation of defense intelligence missions, roles, and functions, currently or to be per-formed by elements described in subsection (a)(1), which process shall include the fol-lowing: (A) A justification for any proposed addi-tion, transfer, or elimination of a mission, role, or function. (B) The identification of the elements in the Federal Government, if any, that cur-rently perform the mission, role, or function concerned. (C) For any proposed addition of a mission, role, or function, an assessment of the most appropriate element of the Department to assume it, taking into account current re-source profiles, scope of existing responsibil-ities, primary customers, and infrastructure necessary to support the addition. (D) For any proposed addition of transfer of a mission, role, or function— (i) a determination of the appropriate re-source profile for such mission, role, or func-tion; and (ii) the identification, in writing, for the Department elements concerned of the re-sources anticipated to be needed and source of such resources within the future-years de-fense program in effect at the time of the proposed addition or transfer. (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing on the framework required by subsection (a). (d) P
OLICY .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth the policy that codifies the framework required by subsection (a). (e) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. Subtitle C—Cyberspace-related Matters PART I—CYBERSPACE GENERALLY 
SEC. 1621. POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES ON CYBERSPACE, CYBERSECURITY, CYBER WARFARE, AND CYBER DE-TERRENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It shall be the policy of the United States, with respect to matters pertaining to cyberspace, cybersecurity, and cyber warfare, that the United States should employ all instruments of national power, including the use of offensive cyber capabili-ties, to deter if possible, and respond when necessary, to any and all cyber attacks or other malicious cyber activities that target United States interests with the intent to— (1) cause casualties among United States persons or persons of our allies; (2) significantly disrupt the normal func-tioning of United States democratic society or government (including attacks against critical infrastructure that could damage systems used to provide key services to the public or government); (3) threaten the command and control of the United States Armed Forces, the free-dom of maneuver of the United States Armed Forces, or the industrial base or other infra-structure on which the United States Armed Forces rely to defend United States interests and commitments; or (4) achieve an effect, whether individually or in aggregate, comparable to an armed at-tack or imperil a vital interest of the United States. (b) R
ESPONSE OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a), the United States shall plan, develop, and demonstrate response options to address the full range of potential cyber attacks on United States in-terests that could be conducted by potential adversaries of the United States. (c) D
ENIAL OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through re-sponse options developed pursuant to sub-section (b), the United States shall, to the greatest extent practicable, prioritize the de-fensibility and resiliency against cyber at-tacks and malicious cyber activities de-scribed in subsection (a) of infrastructure critical to the political integrity, economic security, and national security of the United States. (d) C
OST-IMPOSITION OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through response options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall de-velop and demonstrate, or otherwise make known to adversaries of the existence of, cyber capabilities to impose costs on any for-eign power targeting the United States or United States persons with a cyber attack or malicious cyber activity described in sub-section (a). (e) M
ULTI-PRONG RESPONSE .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through response options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall— (1) devote immediate and sustained atten-tion to boosting the cyber resilience of crit-ical United States strike systems (including cyber, nuclear, and non-nuclear systems) in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3484 June 11, 2018 
order to ensure the United States can credibly threaten to impose unacceptable costs in response to even the most sophisti-cated large-scale cyber attack; (2) develop offensive cyber capabilities and specific plans and strategies to put at risk targets most valued by adversaries of the United States and their key decision makers; (3) enhance attribution capabilities to re-duce the time required to positively at-tribute an attack with high confidence; and (4) develop intelligence and offensive cyber capabilities to detect, disrupt, and poten-tially expose malicious cyber activities. (f) P
OLICIES RELATING TO OFFENSIVE CYBER  C
APABILITIES AND SOVEREIGNTY .—It is the policy of the United States that, when a cyber attack or malicious cyber activity transits or otherwise relies upon the net-works or infrastructure of a third country— (1) the United States shall, to the greatest extent practicable, notify and encourage the government of that country to take action to eliminate the threat; and (2) if the government is unable or unwilling to take action, the United States reserves the right to act unilaterally (with the con-sent of that government if possible, but without such consent if necessary). (g) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense has the authority to develop, prepare, co-ordinate, and, when appropriately authorized to do so, conduct military cyber operations in response to cyber attacks and malicious cyber activities described in subsection (a) that are carried out against the United States or United States persons by a foreign power. (2) D
ELEGATION OF ADDITIONAL AUTHORI -
TIES.—The Secretary may delegate to the Commander of the United States Cyber Com-mand such authorities of the Secretaries of the military departments, including authori-ties relating to manning, training, and equipping, that the Secretary considers ap-propriate. (3) U
SE OF DELEGATED AUTHORITIES .—The use by the Commander of the United States Cyber Command of any authority delegated to the Commander pursuant to this sub-section shall be subject to the authority, di-rection, and control of the Secretary. (4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority of the President or Congress to au-thorize the use of military force. (h) F
OREIGN POWER DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘foreign power’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
SEC. 1622. AFFIRMING THE AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE TO CON-DUCT MILITARY ACTIVITIES AND OP-ERATIONS IN CYBERSPACE. 
Section 130g of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) A
FFIRMATION OF AUTHORITY .—(1) Con- gress affirms that the Secretary of Defense may conduct military activities or oper-ations in cyberspace, including clandestine military activities or operations in cyber-space, to defend the United States and allies and interests of the United States, including in response to malicious cyber activity car-ried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign power. ‘‘(2) Congress affirms that the authority referred to in paragraph (1) includes the con-duct of military activities or operations in cyberspace short of war and in areas outside of named areas of conflict for the purpose of preparation of the environment, influence, force protection, and deterrence of hos-tilities, or counterterrorism operations in-volving the armed forces of the United States. ‘‘(c) CLANDESTINE ACTIVITIES OR OPER-
ATIONS .—A clandestine military activity or operation in cyberspace shall be considered a traditional military activity for the purposes of section 503(e)(2) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093(e)(2)). ‘‘(d) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—The Sec- retary shall brief the congressional defense committees about any military activities or operations in cyberspace, including clandes-tine military activities or operations in cyberspace, occurring during the previous quarter during the quarterly briefing re-quired by section 484 of this title. ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to conduct mili-tary activities or operations in cyberspace, including clandestine activities or oper-ations in cyberspace, or to alter or otherwise affect the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541–1548), the Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note), or reporting of sensitive military cyber activities or operations required by section 130j of this title. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘clandestine military activ-ity or operation in cyberspace’ means a mili-tary activity or operation carried out in cyberspace, or associated preparatory ac-tions, authorized by the President or the Secretary that— ‘‘(A) is marked by, held in, or conducted with secrecy, where the intent is that the ac-tivity or operation will not be apparent or acknowledged publicly; and ‘‘(B) is to be carried out— ‘‘(i) as part of a military operation plan ap-proved by the President or the Secretary in anticipation of hostilities or as directed by the President or the Secretary against— ‘‘(I) adversaries (as defined by the National Security Strategy); or ‘‘(II) other emergent national security threats; ‘‘(ii) to deter, safeguard, or defend against attacks or malicious cyber activities against the United States or Department of Defense information, networks, systems, installa-tions, facilities, or other assets; or ‘‘(iii) in support of other information re-lated capabilities such as military deception and psychological operations. ‘‘(2) The term ‘foreign power’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). ‘‘(3) The term ‘United States person’ has the meaning given such term in such sec-tion.’’; and (3) in subsection (a), as designated by para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘(as’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘))’’. 
SEC. 1623. ACTIVE DEFENSE AND SURVEILLANCE AGAINST RUSSIAN FEDERATION AT-TACKS IN CYBERSPACE. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO DISRUPT , DEFEAT , AND D
ETER CYBER ATTACKS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the event that the Na-tional Command Authority determines that the Russian Federation is conducting an ac-tive, systematic, and ongoing campaign of attacks against the government or people of the United States in cyberspace, the Na-tional Command Authority may authorize the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, acting through the Cyber Mission Forces assigned to the United States Cyber Command, to take appropriate and propor-tional action in cyberspace to disrupt, de-feat, and deter such attacks under the au-thority and policy of the Secretary of De-fense to conduct cyber operations and infor-mation operations as traditional military activities. (2) NOTIFICATION AND REPORTING .— (A) N
OTIFICATION OF OPERATIONS .—IN exer- cising the authority provided in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide notices to the congressional defense committees in accord-ance with section 130(f) of title 10, United States Code. (B) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS BY COMMANDER OF  
THE UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In any fiscal year in which the Commander of the United States Cyber Command carries out an action under para-graph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall, not less frequently than quarterly, submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the actions of the Commander under such paragraph in such fiscal year. (ii) M
ANNER OF REPORTING .—Reports sub-mitted under clause (i) shall be submitted in a manner that is consistent with the recur-ring quarterly report required by section 484 of title 10, United States Code. (b) S
URVEILLANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Commander of the United States Cyber Command and the cyber mis-sion forces of such command, may conduct surveillance in networks outside the United States of personnel and organizations en-gaged at the behest or in support of the Rus-sian Federation in— (A) stealing and releasing confidential in-formation from United States persons or supporting organizations who are cam-paigning for public office; (B) generating and planting information and narratives, including the purchase of ad-vertisements, in social and other media in-tended to mislead, sharpen social and polit-ical conflicts, or otherwise manipulate per-ceptions and opinions of the people of the United States; (C) creating networks of subverted com-puters and associated false accounts on so-cial media platforms for the purpose of spreading and amplifying the impact of in-formation and narratives intended to mis-lead, sharpen social and political conflicts, or otherwise manipulate perceptions and opinions of the people of the United States; and (D) developing or using cyber capabilities— (i) to disable, disrupt, or destroy critical infrastructure of the United States; or (ii) to cause— (I) casualties among United States persons or persons of allies of the United States; (II) significant damage to private or public property; (III) significant economic disruption; (IV) an effect, whether individually or in aggregate, comparable to that of an armed attack or one that imperils a vital national security interest of the United States; or (V) significant disruption of the normal functioning of United States democratic so-ciety or government, including attacks against or incidents involving critical infra-structure that could damage systems used to provide key services to the public or govern-ment. (2) P
RIVATE SECTOR COOPERATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make arrangements, directly or through other gov-ernment organizations, with private sector media representatives and organizations, in-cluding social media companies, on a vol-untary basis, using the results of the surveil-lance under paragraph (1) to assist in the identification of such malicious individuals and organizations and associated false or counterfeit accounts created on social media platforms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3485 June 11, 2018 
(B) S ECURITY CLEARANCES .—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary may grant such security clearances to individuals of media organizations as the Secretary con-siders necessary and appropriate to share evidence that supports the Secretary’s con-clusions regarding the individuals and orga-nizations engaged in the activities described in paragraph (1). (c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees and the congressional intelligence commit-tees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) a report on— (1) the scope and intensity of the Russian Federation’s information operations and at-tacks through cyberspace against the gov-ernment or people of the United States ob-served by the cyber mission forces of the United States Cyber Command and the Na-tional Security Agency; (2) adjustments of the Department of De-fense in the response directed or rec-ommended by the Secretary with respect to such operations and attacks; and (3) whether the authorities under sub-sections (a) and (b) should be expanded to in-clude other foreign powers, such as the Is-lamic Republic of Iran and the People’s Re-public of China. 
SEC. 1624. REORGANIZATION AND CONSOLIDA-TION OF CERTAIN CYBER PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of subtitle A of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by transferring sections 130g, 130j, and 130k to chapter 19; and (2) in chapter 19, by redesignating sections 130g, 130j, and 130k, as transferred by sub-paragraph (A), as sections 394, 395, and 396, respectively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 108(m) of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1507(m)) is amended by striking ‘‘under section 130g’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 394’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—(1) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 130g, 130j, and 130k. (2) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 19 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘394. Authorities concerning military cyber operations. ‘‘395. Notification requirements for sensitive military cyber operations. ‘‘396. Notification requirements for cyber weapons.’’. 
SEC. 1625. DESIGNATION OF OFFICIAL FOR MAT-TERS RELATING TO INTEGRATING CYBERSECURITY AND INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS WITHIN THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF INTEGRATING OFFI-
CIAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate one official to be responsible for matters relating to inte-grating cybersecurity and industrial control systems within the Department of Defense. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The official des-ignated pursuant to subsection (a) shall be responsible for matters described in such subsection at all levels of command, from the Department to the facility using indus-trial control systems, including developing Department-wide certification standards for integration of industrial control systems and taking into consideration frameworks set forth by the National Institute of Standards and Technology for the cybersecurity of such systems. SEC. 1626. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL MANUFAC-TURERS IN THE DEFENSE INDUS-TRIAL SUPPLY CHAIN ON MATTERS RELATING TO CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) D ISSEMINATION OF CYBERSECURITY RE-
SOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in consultation with the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, shall take such actions as may be necessary to enhance awareness of cyberse-curity threats among small manufacturers in the defense industrial supply chain. (2) P
RIORITY .—The Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering shall prioritize efforts to increase awareness to help reduce cybersecurity risks faced by small manufacturers described in paragraph (1). (3) S
ECTOR FOCUS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall carry out this subsection with a focus on such industry sectors as the Under Secretary considers critical. (4) O
UTREACH EVENTS .—Under paragraph (1), the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering shall conduct out-reach to support activities consistent with this section. Such outreach may include live events with a physical presence and outreach conducted through Internet websites. (b) V
OLUNTARY CYBERSECURITY SELF-AS-
SESSMENTS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall develop mechanisms to provide assistance to help small manufacturers conduct voluntary self- assessments in order to understand oper-ating environments, cybersecurity require-ments, and existing vulnerabilities, includ-ing through the Mentor Prote´ge´Program, small business programs, and engagements with defense laboratories and test ranges. (c) T
RANSFER OF RESEARCH FINDINGS AND  E
XPERTISE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall promote the transfer of appropriate tech-nology and techniques developed in the De-partment of Defense to small manufacturers throughout the United States to implement security measures that are adequate to pro-tect covered defense information, including controlled unclassified information. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL EX -
PERTISE AND CAPABILITIES .—The Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing shall coordinate efforts, when appro-priate, with the expertise and capabilities that exist in Federal agencies and federally sponsored laboratories. (3) A
GREEMENTS .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering may enter into agreements with private industry, institutes of higher education, or a State, United States territory, local, or tribal government to ensure breadth and depth of coverage to the United States defense industrial base and to leverage resources. (d) D
EFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE CYBER  T
RAINING PROGRAM .—The Secretary of De-fense shall establish a cyber counseling cer-tification program, or approve a similar ex-isting program, to certify small business pro-fessionals and other relevant acquisition staff within the Department of Defense to provide cyber planning assistance to small manufacturers in the defense industrial sup-ply chain. (e) A
UTHORITIES .—In executing this pro-gram, the Secretary may use the following authorities: (1) The Manufacturing Technology Pro-gram established under section 2521 of title 10, United States Code. (2) The Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership program under section 2368 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The Manufacturing Engineering Edu-cation Program established under section 2196 of title 10, United States Code. (4) The Small Business Innovation Re-search program. (5) The mentor-prote´ge´program. (6) Other legal authorities as the Secretary deems necessary for the effective and effi-cient execution of the program. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) R
ESOURCES .—The term ‘‘resources’’ means guidelines, tools, best practices, standards, methodologies, and other ways of providing information. (2) S
MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term ‘‘small business concern’’ means a small business concern as that term is used in sec-tion 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (3) S
MALL MANUFACTURER .—The term ‘‘small manufacturer’’ means a small busi-ness concern that is a manufacturer. (4) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, Territories, and posses-sions of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
SEC. 1627. MODIFICATION OF ACQUISITION AU-THORITY OF THE COMMANDER OF THE UNITED STATES CYBER COM-MAND. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON USE OF  C
YBER OPERATIONS PROCUREMENT FUND.— Subsection (e) of section 807 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$75,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000,000’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2025’’. (b) E
XTENSION ON SUNSET .—Subsection (i)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 1628. EMAIL AND INTERNET WEBSITE SECU-RITY AND AUTHENTICATION. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF PLAN REQUIRED .— Except as provided by subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall develop and im-plement the plan outlined in Binding Oper-ational Directive 18–01, issued by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security on October 16, 2017, relating to email security and authen-tication and Internet website security, ac-cording to the schedule established by the Binding Operational Directive for the rest of the Executive Branch beginning with the date of enactment of this Act. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The actions required of the Secretary of Defense under subsection (a) in-clude the following: (1) The adoption of the START Transport Layer Security (STARTTLS) protocol for encryption. (2) Enforcement of Sender Policy Frame-work (SPF), Domain Keys Identified Mail (DKIM), and Domain-based Message Authen-tication, Reporting, and Conformance (DMARC) for email authentication. (3) Implementation of Hypertext Transfer Protocol Strict Transport Security (HSTS). (c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the requirements of subsection (a) if the Sec-retary submits to the congressional defense committees a certification that existing or planned security measures for the Depart-ment of Defense either meet or exceed the information security requirements of Bind-ing Operational Directive 18–01. (d) F
UTURE BINDING OPERATIONAL DIREC-
TIVES .—The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall notify the con-gressional defense committees within 180 days of the issuance by the Secretary of Homeland Security after the date of the en-actment of this Act of any Binding Oper-ational Directive for cybersecurity whether the Department of Defense will comply with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3486 June 11, 2018 
the Directive or how the Department of De-fense plans to meet or exceed the security objectives of the Directive. 
SEC. 1629. MATTERS PERTAINING TO THE SHARKSEER CYBERSECURITY PRO-GRAM. 
(a) T RANSFER OF PROGRAM .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall transfer the Sharkseer cybersecurity pro-gram from the National Security Agency to the Defense Information Systems Agency, including all associated funding and, as the Secretary considers necessary, personnel. (b) L
IMITATION ON FUNDING FOR THE INFOR -
MATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 or any subsequent fiscal year for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Information Systems Security Pro-gram for the National Security Agency, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or ex-pended unless the Principal Cyber Advisor certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that the operations and maintenance funding for the Sharkseer program for fiscal year 2019 and the subsequent fiscal years of the current Future Years Defense Program are available or programmed. (c) S
HARKSEER BREAK AND INSPECT CAPA-
BILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the decryption capability described in section 1636 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is provided by the break and inspect subsystem of the Sharkseer cy-bersecurity program, unless the Principal Cyber Advisor notifies the congressional de-fense committees on or before the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that a superior enterprise solution will be operational before October 1, 2019. (2) I
NTEGRATION OF CAPABILITY .—The Sec- retary shall take such actions as are nec-essary to integrate the break and inspect subsystem of the Sharkseer cybersecurity program with the Department of Defense public key infrastructure. (d) V
ISIBILITY TO ENDPOINTS .—The Sec-retary shall take such actions as are nec-essary to enable, by October 1, 2020, the Sharkseer cybersecurity program and com-puter network defense service providers to instantly and automatically determine the specific identity and location of computer hosts and other endpoints that received or sent malware detected by the Sharkseer cy-bersecurity program or other network perim-eter defenses. (e) S
ANDBOX AS A SERVICE .—The Secretary shall use the Sharkseer cybersecurity pro-gram sandbox-as-a-service capability as an enterprise solution and terminate all other such projects, unless the Principal Cyber Ad-visor notifies the congressional defense com-mittees on or before the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that a superior enterprise solution will be operational before October 1, 2019. (f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  B
ANDWIDTH EXPANSION .—There is authorized to be appropriated $20,000,000 for procure-ment, defense-wide, for the Defense Informa-tion Systems Agency to increase the band-width of the Sharkseer cybersecurity pro-gram to match the bandwidth of communica-tions entering the Internet access points of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1630. PILOT PROGRAM ON MODELING AND SIMULATION IN SUPPORT OF MILI-TARY HOMELAND DEFENSE OPER-ATIONS IN CONNECTION WITH CYBER ATTACKS ON CRITICAL IN-FRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security shall carry out a pilot program that uses the results of research exercises of local government, industry, and military re-sponses to combined natural disasters and cyber attacks on critical infrastructure in order to identify and develop means of im-proving such responses to such combined dis-asters and attacks. (2) DISCHARGE .—The Assistant Secretary shall carry out the pilot program through the United States Northern Command and the United States Cyber Command. (3) R
ESEARCH EXERCISES .—The pilot pro-gram shall be based on lessons learned from the so-called ‘‘Jack Voltaic’’ research exer-cises conducted by the Army Cyber Insti-tute, industry partners of the Institute, and New York, New York, and Houston, Texas. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the pilot pro-gram shall be to accomplish the following: (1) The development and demonstration of risk analysis methodologies, and the applica-tion of commercial simulation and modeling capabilities, based on artificial intelligence and hyperscale cloud computing tech-nologies, for use by the Federal Govern-ments, States, and localities, as applicable— (A) to assess defense critical infrastructure vulnerabilities and interdependencies to im-prove military resiliency; (B) to determine the likely effectiveness of attacks described in subsection (a)(1), and countermeasures, tactics, and tools sup-porting responsive military homeland de-fense operations; (C) to train personnel in incident response; (D) to conduct exercises and test scenarios; and (E) to foster collaboration and learning be-tween and among departments and agencies of the Federal Government, State and local governments, and private entities respon-sible for critical infrastructure. (2) The development and demonstration of the foundations for establishing and main-taining a program of record for a shared high-fidelity, interactive, affordable, cloud- based modeling and simulation of critical in-frastructure systems and incident response capabilities that can simulate complex cyber and physical attacks and disruptions on indi-vidual and multiple sectors on national, re-gional, State, and local scales. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—At the same time the budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Assistant Secretary shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the pilot program. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the results of the exer-cises described in subsection (a)(3) and any other exercises conducted as part of the pilot program as of the date of the report. (B) A list of the cybersecurity units of the National Guard and Reserves, and a descrip-tion and assessment of the progress of the Assistant Secretary and the National Gov-ernors’ Association in promoting multi- State mutual assistance compacts to share resources with respect to combined natural disaster and cyber attacks described in sub-section (a)(1) as well as an assessment of how the National Guard’s ability to operate under dual jurisdictions and their existing relationships at the State and local level could be used in these types of events. (C) A description of the risk analysis meth-odologies and modeling and simulation capa-bilities developed and demonstrated pursu-ant to the pilot program, and an assessment of the potential for future growth of com-mercial technology in support of the home-land defense mission of the Department of Defense. (D) Such recommendations as the Sec-retary considers appropriate regarding the establishment of a program of record for the Department on further development and sustainment of risk analysis methodologies and advanced, large-scale modeling and sim-ulation on critical infrastructure and cyber warfare. (E) Lessons learned from the use of novel risk analysis methodologies and large-scale modeling and simulation carried out under the pilot program regarding vulnerabilities, required capabilities, and reconfigured force structure, coordination practices, and policy. (F) Planned steps for implementing the lessons described in subparagraph (E). (d) FUNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by sec-tion 201 for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Army and available for Advanced Concepts and Simulation (Pro-gram Element (62308A)), $10,000,000 may be available for the pilot program. 
SEC. 1631. SECURITY PRODUCT INTEGRATION FRAMEWORK. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Department of Defense requires a standard, enterprise-wide, security product integration framework (SPIF) that provides a machine-to-machine data exchange archi-tecture and protocol to achieve interoper-ability and automated orchestration and co-ordinated action between and among cyber-security services, devices, appliances, agents, applications, tools, and command and control centers. (2) Information security products and serv-ices need to be engineered to consume and act on information, direction, and cues from other security elements on a network through this framework. (3) A security product integration frame-work should ideally be non-proprietary or designed as a modular open system. (4) A security integration framework is es-sential to achieve the speed, scale, and agil-ity of response required for cyber warfare, and to reduce the cost and time needed to in-tegrate new products and services into the existing security environment. (b) D
EMONSTRATION PROGRAM .—The Prin-cipal Cyber Adviser, the Chief Information Officer, and the Commander of the United States Cyber Command shall select a net-work or network segment and associated computer network defense service provider to conduct a demonstration and evaluation of one or more existing security product in-tegration frameworks, including modifying network security systems to enable such sys-tems to ingest, publish, subscribe, tip and cue, and request information or services from each other. 
SEC. 1632. REPORT ON ENHANCEMENT OF SOFT-WARE SECURITY FOR CRITICAL SYS-TEMS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Principal Cyber Adviser to the Secretary of Defense and the Chief Infor-mation Officer of the Department of Defense shall jointly submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on a study, based on the authorities specified in subsection (b), on the costs, benefits, technical merits, and other merits of applying the technology de-scribed in subsection (c) to the vulnerability assessment and remediation of the following: (1) Nuclear systems and nuclear command and control. (2) A critical subset of conventional power projection capabilities. (3) Cyber command and control. (4) Other defense critical infrastructure (b) B
ASIS FOR CONDUCT OF STUDY .—The study required for purposes of subsection (a) shall be conducted pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3487 June 11, 2018 
(1) Section 1640 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (2) Section 1650 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2224 note). (3) Section 1647 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1118). (c) T
ECHNOLOGIES .—The technologies de-scribed in this subsection are the following: (1) Technology developed and used by Com-bat Support Agencies of the Department of Defense to discover flaws and weaknesses in software code by inputting immense quan-tities of pseudo-random data (commonly re-ferred to as ‘‘fuzz’’) to identify inputs that cause the software to fail. (2) Cloud-based software fuzzing-as-a-serv-ice to continuously test the security of De-partment of Defense software repositories at large scale. (3) Formal programming and protocol lan-guage for software code development and other methods and tools developed under the High Assurance Cyber Military Systems pro-gram of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. (4) The binary analysis and symbolic exe-cution software security tools developed under the Cyber Grand Challenge of the De-fense Advanced Research Projects Agency. 
SEC. 1633. COMPLY TO CONNECT AND CYBERSE-CURITY SCORECARD. 
(a) L IMITATION .—After October 1, 2019, no funds may be obligated or expended to pre-pare the cybersecurity scorecard for the Sec-retary of Defense unless the Department of Defense is implementing a funded capability to meet the requirements— (1) established by the Chief Information Of-ficer and the Commander of United States Cyber Command pursuant to section 1653 of the National Defense Authorization for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note); and (2) set forth in the Information Security Continuous Monitoring Strategy, the Com-ply-to-Connect Strategy, the Enterprise Patch Management Service Strategy and Concept of Operations, and the User Activity Monitoring Strategy. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 10, 2019, the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report com-paring the current capabilities of the Depart-ment of Defense to— (1) the requirements described in sub-section (a); and (2) the capabilities deployed by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the General Services Administration under the Contin-uous Diagnostics and Mitigation program across the non-Department of Defense de-partments and agencies of the Federal Gov-ernment. (c) R
ISKTHRESHOLDS .—The Chief Informa-tion Officer of the Department of Defense, in coordination with the Principal Cyber Advi-sor, the Director of Operations of the Joint Staff, and the Commander of United States Cyber Command, shall establish risk thresh-olds for systems and network operations that, when exceeded, would trigger height-ened security measures, such as enhanced monitoring and access policy changes. (d) E
NTERPRISE GOVERNANCE , R ISK, AND C
OMPLIANCE PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer and the Prin-cipal Cyber Advisor shall develop a plan to implement an enterprise governance, risk, and compliance platform and process to maintain current status of all information and operational technology assets, vulnerabilities, threats, and mitigations. 
SEC. 1634. CYBERSPACE SOLARIUM COMMISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—There is established a commission to develop a consensus on a stra-tegic approach to protecting the crucial ad-vantages of the United States in cyberspace against the attempts of adversaries to erode such advantages. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The commission estab-lished under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘Cyberspace Solarium Commission’’ (in this section the ‘‘Commission’’). (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) C
OMPOSITION .—(A) Subject to subpara-graph (B), the Commission shall be composed of 13 members, as follows: (i) The Principal Deputy Director of Na-tional Intelligence. (ii) The Deputy Secretary of Homeland Se-curity. (iii) The Deputy Secretary of Defense. (iv) Three members appointed by the ma-jority leader of the Senate, in consultation with the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, one of whom shall be a member of the Senate and two of whom shall not be. (v) Two members appointed by the minor-ity leader of the Senate, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, one of whom shall be a member of the Senate and one of whom shall not be. (vi) Three members appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Chairman of the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, one of whom shall be a member of the House of Representatives and two of whom shall not be. (vii) Two members appointed by the minor-ity leader of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, one of whom shall be a member of the House of Representatives and one of whom shall not be. (B)(i) The members of the Commission who are not members of Congress and who are ap-pointed under clauses (iv) through (vii) of subparagraph (A) shall be individuals who are nationally recognized for expertise, knowledge, or experience in— (I) cyber strategy or national-level strate-gies to combat long-term adversaries; (II) cyber technology and innovation; (III) use of intelligence information by na-tional policymakers and military leaders; or (IV) the implementation, funding, or over-sight of the national security policies of the United States. (ii) An official who appoints members of the Commission may not appoint an indi-vidual as a member of the Commission if, in the judgment of the official, such individual possesses any personal or financial interest in the discharge of any of the duties of the Commission. (iii) All members of the Commission de-scribed in clause (i) shall possess an appro-priate security clearance in accordance with applicable provisions of law concerning the handling of classified information. (2) C
O-CHAIRS .—(A) The Commission shall have two co-chairs, selected from among the members of the Commission. (B) One co-chair of the Commission shall be a member of the Democratic Party, and one co-chair shall be a member of the Repub-lican Party. (C) The individuals who serve as the co- chairs of the Commission shall be jointly agreed upon by the President, the majority leader of the Senate, the minority leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (c) A
PPOINTMENT ; INITIAL MEETING .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Members of the Com-mission shall be appointed not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) INITIAL MEETING .—The Commission shall hold its initial meeting on or before the date that is 60 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (d) M
EETINGS ; QUORUM ; VACANCIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After its initial meeting, the Commission shall meet upon the call of the co-chairs of the Commission. (2) Q
UORUM .—Seven members of the Com-mission shall constitute a quorum for pur-poses of conducting business, except that two members of the Commission shall con-stitute a quorum for purposes of receiving testimony. (3) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-mission shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. (4) Q
UORUM WITH VACANCIES .—If vacancies in the Commission occur on any day after 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, a quorum shall consist of a majority of the members of the Commission as of such day. (e) A
CTIONS OF COMMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall act by resolution agreed to by a majority of the members of the Commission voting and present. (2) P
ANELS .—The Commission may estab-lish panels composed of less than the full membership of the Commission for purposes of carrying out the duties of the Commission under this title. The actions of any such panel shall be subject to the review and con-trol of the Commission. Any findings and de-terminations made by such a panel shall not be considered the findings and determina-tions of the Commission unless approved by the Commission. (3) D
ELEGATION .—Any member, agent, or staff of the Commission may, if authorized by the co-chairs of the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take pursuant to this title. (f) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Commission are as follows: (1) To weigh the costs and benefits of var-ious strategic options to reach the goal of protecting the advantages described in sub-section (a)(1), including the political system of the United States, the national security industrial sector of the United States, and the innovation base of the United States. The options to be assessed should include de-terrence, norms-based regimes, and cyber persistence. (2) To review adversarial strategies and in-tentions, current programs for the protec-tion of advantages described in subsection (a)(1), and the capabilities of the Federal Government to understand if and how adver-saries are currently being deterred or thwarted in their aims and ambitions. (3) To evaluate the current allocation of resources for understanding adversarial strategies and intentions and protecting the advantages described in subsection (a)(1). (4) In weighing the options for protecting advantages as described in subsection (a)(1), to consider possible structures and authori-ties that need to be established, revised, or augmented within the Federal Government. (g) P
OWERS OF COMMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—(A) The Commission or, on the authorization of the Commission, any subcommittee or member thereof, may, for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this section— (i) hold such hearings and sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, receive such evidence, and administer such oaths; and (ii) require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of such witnesses and the production of such books, records, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3488 June 11, 2018 
correspondence, memoranda, papers, and documents, as the Commission or such des-ignated subcommittee or designated member considers necessary. (B) Subpoenas may be issued under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) under the signature of the co-chairs of the Commission, and may be served by any person designated by such co- chairs. (C) The provisions of sections 102 through 104 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (2 U.S.C. 192–194) shall apply in the case of any failure of a witness to comply with any subpoena or to testify when sum-moned under authority of this section. (2) C
ONTRACTING .—The Commission may, to such extent and in such amounts as are pro-vided in advance in appropriation Acts, enter into contracts to enable the Commission to discharge its duties under this title. (3) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (A) The Commission may secure directly from any executive department, agency, bu-reau, board, commission, office, independent establishment, or instrumentality of the Government information, suggestions, esti-mates, and statistics for the purposes of this title. (B) Each such department, agency, bureau, board, commission, office, establishment, or instrumentality shall, to the extent author-ized by law, furnish such information, sug-gestions, estimates, and statistics directly to the Commission, upon request of the co- chairs of the Commission. (C) The Commission shall handle and pro-tect all classified information provided to it under this section in accordance with appli-cable statutes and regulations. (4) A
SSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (A) The Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Commission, on a nonreimbursable basis, such administrative services, funds, staff, fa-cilities, and other support services as are necessary for the performance of the Com-mission’s duties under this title. (B) The Director of National Intelligence may provide the Commission, on a nonreim-bursable basis, with such administrative services, staff, and other support services as the Commission may request. (C) In addition to the assistance set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2), other departments and agencies of the United States may pro-vide the Commission such services, funds, fa-cilities, staff, and other support as such de-partments and agencies consider advisable and as may be authorized by law. (D) The Commission shall receive the full and timely cooperation of any official, de-partment, or agency of the United States Government whose assistance is necessary for the fulfillment of the duties of the Com-mission under this title, including the provi-sion of full and current briefings and anal-yses. (5) P
ROHIBITION ON WITHHOLDING INFORMA -
TION.—No department or agency of the Gov-ernment may withhold information from the Commission on the grounds that providing the information to the Commission would constitute the unauthorized disclosure of classified information or information relat-ing to intelligence sources or methods. (6) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission may use the United States postal services in the same manner and under the same condi-tions as the departments and agencies of the United States. (7) G
IFTS.—The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-ices or property in carrying out its duties under this title. (h) S
TAFF OF COMMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—(A) The co-chairs of the Commission, in accordance with rules agreed upon by the Commission, shall appoint and fix the compensation of a staff director and such other personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its du-ties, without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appoint-ments in the competitive service, and with-out regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title re-lating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may exceed the equiva-lent of that payable to a person occupying a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. (B) Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Commission without reimbursement from the Commission, and such detailee shall retain the rights, status, and privileges of his or her regular employ-ment without interruption. (C) All staff of the Commission shall pos-sess a security clearance in accordance with applicable laws and regulations concerning the handling of classified information. (2) CONSULTANT SERVICES .—(A) The Com-mission may procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid a per-son occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title. (B) All experts and consultants employed by the Commission shall possess a security clearance in accordance with applicable laws and regulations concerning the handling of classified information. (i) C
OMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EXPENSES .— (1) C
OMPENSATION .—(A) Except as provided in paragraph (2), each member of the Com-mission may be compensated at not to ex-ceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day during which that member is engaged in the actual performance of the duties of the Commission under this title. (B) Members of the Commission who are officers or employees of the United States or Members of Congress shall receive no addi-tional pay by reason of their service on the Commission. (2) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—While away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commis-sion, members of the Commission may be al-lowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Gov-ernment service are allowed expenses under section 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (j) T
REATMENT OF INFORMATION RELATING  
TONATIONAL SECURITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—(A) The Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall assume responsi-bility for the handling and disposition of any information related to the national security of the United States that is received, consid-ered, or used by the Commission under this title. (B) Any information related to the na-tional security of the United States that is provided to the Commission by a congres-sional intelligence committees or the con-gressional armed services committees may not be further provided or released without the approval of the chairman of such com-mittees. (2) A
CCESS AFTER TERMINATION OF COMMIS -
SION.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, after the termination of the Commis-sion under subsection (k)(2), only the mem-bers and designated staff of the congres-sional intelligence committees, the Director of National Intelligence (and the designees of the Director), and such other officials of the executive branch as the President may des-ignate shall have access to information re-lated to the national security of the United States that is received, considered, or used by the Commission. (k) FINAL REPORT ; TERMINATION .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than Sep-tember 1, 2019, the Commission shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the congressional intelligence committees, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security a final report on the findings of the Commission. (2) T
ERMINATION .—(A) The Commission, and all the authorities of this section, shall terminate at the end of the 120-day period beginning on the date on which the final re-port under paragraph (1) is submitted to the congressional defense and intelligence com-mittees. (B) The Commission may use the 120-day period referred to in paragraph (1) for the purposes of concluding its activities, includ-ing providing testimony to Congress con-cerning the final report referred to in that paragraph and disseminating the report. (l) A
SSESSMENTS OF FINAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after receipt of the final report under subsection (k)(1), the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense shall each submit to the congres-sional intelligence committees and the con-gressional defense committees an assessment by the Director or the Secretary, as the case may be, of the final report. Each assessment shall include such comments on the findings and recommendations contained in the final report as the Director or Secretary, as the case may be, considers appropriate. (m) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN ADMINIS -
TRATIVE PROVISIONS .— (1) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT .— The provisions of the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the activities of the Commission under this section. (2) F
REEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT .—The pro- visions of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Freedom of Information Act), shall not apply to the activities, records, and proceedings of the Commission under this section. (n) F
UNDING .— (1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $4,000,000 to carry out this section. (2) A
VAILABILITY IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall make available to the Commission such amounts as the Commission may require for purposes of the activities of the Commission under this section. (3) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts made available to the Commission under paragraph (2) shall remain available until ex-pended. (o) C
ONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means— (1) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1635. PROGRAM TO ESTABLISH CYBER IN-STITUTES AT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a program to es-tablish a Cyber Institute at institutions of higher learning selected under subsection (b) for purposes of accelerating and focusing the development of foundational expertise in critical cyber operational skills for future military and civilian leaders of the Armed Forces and the Department of Defense, in-cluding such leaders of the reserve compo-nents. (b) S
ELECTED INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER  L
EARNING .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3489 June 11, 2018 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall select institutions of higher learning for purposes of the program established under subsection (a) from among institutions of higher learning that have a Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps program. (2) C
ONSIDERATION OF SENIOR MILITARY COL -
LEGES .—In selecting institutions of higher learning under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the senior military colleges with Reserve Officers’ Training Corps pro-grams. (c) E
LEMENTS .—Each institute established under the program authorized by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Programs to provide future military and civilian leaders of the Armed Forces or the Department of Defense who possess cyber operational expertise from beginning through advanced skill levels. Such pro-grams shall include instruction and practical experiences that lead to recognized certifi-cations and degrees in the cyber field. (2) Programs of targeted strategic foreign language proficiency training for such future leaders that— (A) are designed to significantly enhance critical cyber operational capabilities; and (B) are tailored to current and anticipated readiness requirements. (3) Programs related to mathematical foundations of cryptography and courses in cryptographic theory and practice designed to complement and reinforce cyber edu-cation along with the strategic language pro-grams critical to cyber operations. (4) Programs related to data science and courses in data science theory and practice designed to complement and reinforce cyber education along with the strategic language programs critical to cyber operations. (5) Programs designed to develop early in-terest and cyber talent through summer pro-grams, dual enrollment opportunities for cyber, strategic language, data science, and cryptography related courses. (6) Training and education programs to ex-pand the pool of qualified cyber instructors necessary to support cyber education in re-gional school systems. (d) P
ARTNERSHIPS WITH DEPARTMENT OF  D
EFENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES .—Any insti-tute established under the program author-ized by subsection (a) may enter into a part-nership with one or more components of the Armed Forces, active or reserve, or any agency of the Department of Defense to fa-cilitate the development of critical cyber skills for students who may pursue a mili-tary career. (e) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—Any institute estab-lished under the program authorized by sub-section (a) may enter into a partnership with one or more local educational agencies to fa-cilitate the development of critical cyber skills. (f) S
ENIOR MILITARY COLLEGES DEFINED .— The term ‘‘senior military colleges’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2111a(f) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1636. ESTABLISHMENT OF CYBERSECURITY FOR DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE MANUFACTURING ACTIVITY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may, in consultation with the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, establish an activity to assess and strengthen the cybersecurity resiliency of the defense industrial base of the United States. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The activity that may be established under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘Cybersecurity for Defense In-dustrial Base Manufacturing Activity’’. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—If the Secretary of Defense exercises the authority under subsection (a), the Secretary shall utilize the activity to ex-plore ways to increase the cybersecurity re-silience of the defense industrial supply chain. Such exploration may include the fol-lowing: (1) Developing cybersecurity test capabili-ties to support identifying and reducing se-curity vulnerabilities (as defined in section 102 of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501)) in defense indus-trial base manufacturing processes. (2) Developing in-person and online train-ing to help small defense industrial base manufacturers improve their cybersecurity. (3) Ensuring that cybersecurity for defense industrial base manufacturing is included in Department of Defense research and develop-ment roadmaps and threat assessments. (4) Aggregating, developing, and dissemi-nating capabilities to address cybersecurity threats that can be provided to and adopted by defense industrial base manufacturers of all sizes. PART II—MITIGATION OF RISKS POSED BY PROVIDERS OF INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY WITH OBLIGATIONS TO FOR-EIGN GOVERNMENTS SEC. 1637. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—The term ‘‘appropriate commit-tees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives. (2) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘information technology’’ has the meaning given such term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. (3) N
ATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘national security system’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3552(b) of title 44, United States Code. 
SEC. 1638. IDENTIFICATION OF COUNTRIES OF CONCERN REGARDING CYBERSECU-RITY. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF COUNTRIES OF CON-
CERN .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall create a prioritized list of countries of concern regarding cybersecurity based on information relating to the fol-lowing: (1) A foreign government’s engagement in acts of violence against personnel of the United States or coalition forces. (2) A foreign government’s willingness and record of providing financing, logistics, training or intelligence to other persons, countries or entities posing a force protec-tion or cybersecurity risk to the personnel, financial systems, critical infrastructure, or information systems of the United States or coalition forces. (3) A foreign government’s engagement in foreign intelligence activities against the United States. (4) A foreign government’s direct or indi-rect participation in transnational organized crime or criminal activity. (5) A foreign government’s ability and in-tent to conduct operations to affect the sup-ply chain of the United States Government. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the list created pursuant to subsection (a) and any accompanying analysis that contributed to the creation of the list. SEC. 1639. MITIGATION OF RISKS TO NATIONAL SECURITY POSED BY PROVIDERS OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROD-UCTS AND SERVICES WHO HAVE OB-LIGATIONS TO FOREIGN GOVERN-MENTS. 
(a) D ISCLOSURE REQUIRED .—The Depart-ment of Defense may not use a product, serv-ice, or system relating to information or operational technology, cybersecurity, an in-dustrial control system, a weapons system, or computer antivirus provided by a person unless that person discloses to the Secretary of Defense the following: (1) Whether the person has allowed a for-eign government to review or access the code of a product, system, or service custom-de-veloped for the Department, or is under any obligation to allow a foreign person or gov-ernment to review or access the code of a product, system, or service custom-devel-oped for the Department as a condition of entering into an agreement for sale or other transaction with a foreign government or with a foreign person on behalf of such a gov-ernment. (2) Whether the person has allowed a for-eign government listed in section 1638(a) to review or access the source code of a prod-uct, system, or service that the Department is using or intends to use, or is under any ob-ligation to allow a foreign person or govern-ment to review or access the source code of a product, system, or service that the De-partment is using or intends to use as a con-dition of entering into an agreement for sale or other transaction with a foreign govern-ment or with a foreign person on behalf of such a government. (3) In a case in which the person is a United States person or an affiliate of a United States person, whether or not the person holds or has sought a license pursuant to the Export Administration Regulations under subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, the Inter-national Traffic in Arms Regulations under subchapter M of chapter I of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations, or successor regula-tions, for information technology products, components, software, or services that con-tain code custom-developed for the product, system, or service the Department is using or intends to use. (b) P
OSTPROCUREMENT .—Procurement con-tracts for covered products or systems shall include a clause requiring the information contained in subsection (a) be disclosed dur-ing the period of the contract if an entity be-comes aware of information requiring disclo-sure as per that section, including any miti-gation measures taken or anticipated. (c) M
ITIGATION OF RISKS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If, after reviewing a dis-closure made by a person under subsection (a), the Secretary determines that the dis-closure relating to a product, system, or service entails a risk to the national secu-rity infrastructure or data of the United States, or any national security system under the control of the Department, the Secretary shall take such measures as the Secretary considers appropriate to mitigate such risks, including, as the Secretary con-siders appropriate, by conditioning any agreement for the use, procurement, or ac-quisition of the product, system, or service on the inclusion of enforceable conditions or requirements that would mitigate such risks. (2) T
HIRD-PARTY TESTING STANDARD .—Not later than two years after the date of the en-actment of this Act the Secretary shall de-velop such third-party testing standard as the Secretary considers acceptable for com-mercial off the shelf (COTS) products, sys-tems, or services to use when dealing with foreign governments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3490 June 11, 2018 
(d) E XEMPTION OF DISCLOSURES FROMFREE-
DOM OF INFORMATION ACT.—A disclosure under subsection (a) shall not be subject to section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), or any other similar pro-vision of Federal or State law requiring the disclosure of information to the public. 
SEC. 1640. ESTABLISHMENT OF REGISTRY OF DIS-CLOSURES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF REGISTRY .—Not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall— (1) establish within the operational capa-bilities of the Committee for National Secu-rity Systems (CNSS) or within such other agency as the Secretary considers appro-priate a registry containing the information disclosed under section 1639; and (2) upon request, make such information available to any agency conducting a pro-curement pursuant to the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulations or the Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulations. (b) E
XEMPTION OF REGISTRY FROMFREEDOM  
OFINFORMATION ACT.—The contents of the registry established under subsection (a)(1) shall not be subject to section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), or any other similar provision of Federal or State law requiring the disclosure of information to the public. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once each year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report detailing the number, scope, product classifications, and mitiga-tion agreements related to each product, sys-tem, and service for which a disclosure is made under section 1639(a). Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
SEC. 1641. OVERSIGHT AND MANAGEMENT OF THE COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM FOR THE NATIONAL LEADERSHIP OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF RESPONSIBLE INDI-
VIDUAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall designate a single individual to be re-sponsible for oversight and strategic port-folio management of the command, control, and communications system for the national leadership of the United States (as defined in section 171a of title 10, United States Code), including— (A) nuclear command, control, and com-munications; (B) senior leadership communications sys-tems; (C) integrated tactical warning and attack assessment systems, processes, and enablers; and (D) continuity of government functions for which the Department of Defense is respon-sible. (2) A
UTHORITIES .—Subject to the authority and direction of the Secretary, the indi-vidual designated under paragraph (1) shall have the authority to direct the Secretaries of the military departments and officials in the Office of the Secretary of Defense with respect to matters described in paragraph (1), including— (A) playing a significant and directive role in the decision processes for all annual and multi-year planning, programming, budg-eting, and execution decisions, including the authority to realign the elements of the budgets and budget requests of the military departments that relate to the matters de-scribed in paragraph (1); (B) ensuring that the military departments comply with the standards of the Federal Government and the Department of Defense with respect to matters described in para-graph (1); and (C) any other authorities that the Sec-retary of Defense considers necessary. (3) CHAIRPERSON OF COUNCIL ON OVERSIGHT  
OF THE NATIONAL LEADERSHIP COMMAND , CON-
TROL , AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM .—The in- dividual designated under paragraph (1) shall serve as the Chairperson of the Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Com-mand, Control, and Communications System established under section 171a of title 10, United States Code. (4) S
TAFF .—The individual designated under paragraph (1) shall have sufficient dedicated full-time personnel to carry out the responsibilities of that individual under this subsection and as Chairperson of the Council on Oversight of the National Leader-ship Command, Control, and Communica-tions System. (b) M
ODIFICATIONS TO COUNCIL ON OVER-
SIGHT OF THE NATIONAL LEADERSHIP COM-
MAND , CONTROL , AND COMMUNICATIONS SYS-
TEM.— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—Subsection (b) of section 171a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, Tech-nology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘and Sustainment’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (7) as paragraphs (4) through (8), re-spectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering.’’. (2) C
HAIRPERSON .—Subsection (c) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Chairperson of the Council (in this section referred to as the ‘Chairperson’) shall be the individual des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense under section 1641(a) of the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 as responsible for oversight and strategic portfolio management of the com-mand, control, and communications system for the national leadership of the United States.’’. (3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘over-sight’’ and inserting ‘‘coordination’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘oversight’’ and inserting ‘‘coordination’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘miti-gation’’ and inserting ‘‘recommendations for mitigation actions’’; (iii) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D) and inserting the following new subpara-graph (C): ‘‘(C) Making recommendations to the Chairperson with respect to resource prioritization.’’; and (iv) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D). (4) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Subsection (e) of such section is amended, in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Coun-cil shall’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson shall’’. (5) C
OLLECTION OF ASSESSMENTS ON CERTAIN  
THREATS .—Subsection (f) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘The Council shall’’ and inserting ‘‘The Chairperson shall, in con-sultation with the Council,’’. (6) B
UDGET AND FUNDING MATTERS .—Sub- section (g) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chair-person’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Chairman’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the Coun-cil shall’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson shall’’. (7) REPORTS ON SPACE ARCHITECTURE DEVEL -
OPMENT .—Subsection (i)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisitions, Technology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’. (8) N
OTIFICATION OF REDUCTION OF CERTAIN  
WARNING TIME .—Subsection (j)(2) of such sec-tion is amended— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘the Council’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson, in consultation with the Council,’’; and (ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘the Council’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chair-person’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘the Council’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’. (9) S
TATUS OF ACQUISITION PROGRAMS .—Sub- section (k) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the co-chairs of the Council, acting through the senior steering group of the Council,’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Chairperson’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the co-chairs of the Council’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’. 
SEC. 1642. MODIFICATION TO REQUIREMENT FOR CONVENTIONAL LONG-RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 217(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 706) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘the Secretary may’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the Secretary— ‘‘(A) may’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) shall begin procurement and fielding of a follow-on air-launched cruise missile to the AGM–86 for conventional missions not more than five years after the successful completion of initial operational test and evaluation for such a missile for nuclear missions.’’. (b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to design and procure the long-range standoff weapon to provide a nuclear cruise missile capability to replace the AGM–86 as part of the modernization of the nuclear triad. 
SEC. 1643. EXCHANGE PROGRAM FOR NUCLEAR WEAPONS PROGRAM EMPLOYEES. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, and the Administrator for Nuclear Se-curity, shall jointly establish an exchange program under which— (1) the Chairman shall arrange for the tem-porary assignment of civilian and military personnel working on nuclear weapons pol-icy, production, and force structure issues in the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Staff, the Navy, or the Air Force to the Office of the Deputy Administrator for De-fense Programs in the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3491 June 11, 2018 
(2) the Administrator shall arrange for the temporary assignment of civilian personnel working on programs related to nuclear weapons in the Office of the Deputy Adminis-trator for Defense Programs to the elements of the Department of Defense specified in paragraph (1). (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the ex-change program established under subsection (a) are— (1) to familiarize personnel from the De-partment of Defense and the National Nu-clear Security Administration with the equi-ties, priorities, processes, culture, and em-ployees of the other agency; (2) for participants in the exchange pro-gram to return the expertise gained through their exchanges to their original agencies at the conclusion of their exchanges; and (3) to improve communication between and integration of the agencies that support the formation and oversight of nuclear weapons policy through lasting relationships across the chain of command. (c) P
ARTICIPANTS .— (1) N
UMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .—The Chair-man and the Administrator shall each select not fewer than 5 and not more than 10 par-ticipants per year for participation in the ex-change program established under subsection (a). The Chairman and the Administrator may determine how many participants to se-lect under this paragraph without regard to the number of participants selected from the other agency. (2) C
RITERIA FOR SELECTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairman and the Administrator shall select participants for the exchange program established under sub-section (a) from among mid-career employ-ees and based on— (i) the qualifications and desire to partici-pate in the program of the employee; and (ii) the technical needs and capacities of the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration, as applica-ble. (B) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—In selecting participants from the Department of Defense for the exchange program established under subsection (a), the Chairman shall ensure that there is a mix of military personnel and civilian employees of the Department. (d) T
ERMS .—Exchanges pursuant to the ex-change program established under subsection (a) shall be for terms of one to two years, as determined and negotiated by the Chairman and the Administrator. Such terms may begin and end on a rolling basis. (e) G
UIDANCE AND IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman and the Administrator shall joint-ly develop and submit to the congressional defense committees interim guidance on the form and contours of the exchange program established under subsection (a). (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman and the Administrator shall implement the guidance developed under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1644. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR CER-TAIN PARTS OF INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE FUZES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwith- standing section 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 101 and available for Missile Procurement, Air Force, as specified in the funding table in division D, $9,841,000 shall be available for the procurement of covered parts pursuant to contracts entered into under section 1645(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3651). (b) COVERED PARTS DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered parts’’ means com-mercially available off-the-shelf items as de-fined in section 104 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 1645. PLAN TO TRAIN OFFICERS IN NU-CLEAR COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, develop a plan to train, educate, man-age, and track officers of the Armed Forces in nuclear command, control, and commu-nications. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall address— (1) manpower requirements at various grades; (2) desired career paths and promotion tim-ing; and (3) any other matters the Secretary of De-fense considers relevant to develop a mature cadre of officers with nuclear command, con-trol, and communications expertise. (c) S
UBMISSION OF PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit the plan required by subsection (a) to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The plan required by subsection (a) shall be implemented not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 1646. PLAN FOR ALIGNMENT OF ACQUISI-TION OF WARHEAD LIFE EXTENSION PROGRAMS AND DELIVERY VEHI-CLES FOR SUCH WARHEADS. 
Not later than February 15, 2019, the Chair-man of the Nuclear Weapons Council estab-lished under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a plan containing a proposal for better aligning the acquisition of warhead life extension programs by the National Nuclear Security Administration with the acquisition of the planned delivery vehicles for such warheads by the Depart-ment of Defense. 
SEC. 1647. EXTENSION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON PLAN FOR THE NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE, NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMPLEX, NUCLEAR WEAPONS DE-LIVERY SYSTEMS, AND NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM. 
Section 1043 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1576), as most recently amended by section 1665 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended in subsection (a)(1) by striking ‘‘2019’’ and in-serting ‘‘2024’’. 
SEC. 1648. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ACTIVITIES TO MODIFY UNITED STATES AIRCRAFT TO IMPLEMENT OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for research, development, test, and engineering or aircraft procurement, Air Force, for the digital visual imaging system may be obli-gated or expended to carry out any activities to modify any United States aircraft for pur-poses of implementing the Open Skies Trea-ty until— (1) the Secretary of Defense submits to the appropriate congressional committees the certification described in paragraph (2) of section 1235(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91); and (2) the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees the certifi-cation described in paragraph (3) of such sec-tion. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
SEC. 1649. SENSE OF SENATE ON NUCLEAR POS-TURE REVIEW. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Secretary of Defense James Mattis said in his opening statement before the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on February 6, 2018, ‘‘Main-taining an effective nuclear deterrent is much less expensive than fighting a war that we were unable to deter.’’. (2) In the same statement, Secretary Mattis said, ‘‘Recapitalizing the nuclear weapons complex of laboratories and plants is also long past due . . . Due to consistent underfunding, significant and sustained in-vestments will be required over the coming decade to ensure that the National Nuclear Security Administration will be able to de-liver at the rate needed to support nuclear deterrence into the 2030s and beyond.’’. (3) Former Secretary of Defense Ash Carter recently wrote that ‘‘it is essential to recapi-talize the nuclear Triad, because it is the bedrock of deterrence. During the past 25 years, the United States has made no major new investments in its nuclear forces, yet other countries have conducted vigorous buildups. This history does not support the contention that U.S. investments fuel the nuclear programs of others. My views are re-flected in the latest Nuclear Posture Re-view.’’. (4) Former Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Jim Miller recently wrote, ‘‘Sec-retary of Defense Jim Mattis’s 2018 Nuclear Posture Review offers continuity with past U.S. policy and plans, including those in the 2010 NPR. It deserves broad bipartisan sup-port.’’. (5) The Foreign Minister of Japan, Taro Kono, said in a statement on February 3, 2018, ‘‘Japan highly appreciates the latest NPR which clearly articulates the U.S. re-solve to ensure the effectiveness of its deter-rence and its commitment to providing ex-tended deterrence to its allies including Japan, in light of the international security environment which has been rapidly wors-ened since the release of the previous 2010 NPR, in particular, by continued develop-ment of North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs.’’. (6) In testimony before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on April 30, 2018, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis said, ‘‘Modernizing the nation’s nuclear deterrent delivery systems and our nuclear command and control is the [Department of Defense’s] top priority.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review is a measured and appropriate response to the current security environment, taking into account the developments in other nuclear weapons states such as the People’s Republic of China and the Russian Federation and the return to great power competition as identi-fied by two successive Secretaries of Defense and outlined in the 2018 National Defense Strategy; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3492 June 11, 2018 
(2) Congress should fully fund the complete nuclear modernization program of the De-partment of Defense, including the Colum-bia-class submarine, the Ground-Based Stra-tegic Deterrent, the B–21 long-range bomber, the Long-Range Stand-Off weapon, the re- engining of the B–52H bomber, and dual-ca-pable aircraft; (3) the Department of Defense should orga-nize itself appropriately to engineer, acquire, and operate nuclear command, control, and communications systems that are secure, re-liable, and modernized; (4) Congress should fully fund the National Nuclear Security Administration component of the nuclear modernization program, in-cluding— (A) the existing warhead life extension pro-grams and major alterations, including the W76–2 warhead modification program and the W80–4 life extension program; and (B) the recapitalization of infrastructure for production and processing of plutonium pits, uranium, tritium, lithium, and trusted strategic radiation-hardened microelec-tronics; (5) in order to execute the programs de-scribed in this subsection in the timely fash-ion required by the Nuclear Posture Review, the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion must balance workload, improve man-agement of large programs, and better inte-grate its acquisition programs with those of the Department of Defense; (6) the United States maintains a steadfast commitment to the policy of extended deter-rence in Europe and East Asia, and the nu-clear modernization program will ensure that commitment remains credible; (7) the United States should continue to honor long-held arms control, nonprolifera-tion, and nuclear security commitments, and should seek to increase transparency and predictability through strategic dialogue, risk-reduction communication channels, and the sharing of best practices; (8) when complied with by all parties, ef-fective nuclear nonproliferation and arms control measures and agreements can sup-port the security of the United States and countries that are allies or partners of the United States by— (A) controlling the spread of nuclear mate-rials, technology, and expertise; (B) decreasing the risk of misperception and miscalculation; and (C) avoiding destabilizing nuclear arms competition; and (9) the United States should continue to af-firm its commitments to arms control ef-forts that advance the security of the United States and countries that are allies or part-ners of the United States, and are verifiable and enforceable, including the Treaty be-tween the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Fur-ther Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on February 5, 2011 (com-monly known as the ‘‘New START Treaty’’), which is in effect through February 2021, and with mutual agreement may be extended for up to five years. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs 
SEC. 1651. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION RELAT-ING TO MISSILE DEFENSE INFORMA-TION AND SYSTEMS. 
Section 130h(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1652. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR STANDARD MISSILE–3 IB GUIDED MISSILES. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may enter into one or more multiyear con-tracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of Stand-ard Missile–3 Block IB guided missiles. (b) AUTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCURE -
MENT .—The Secretary may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement as-sociated with the missiles for which author-ization to enter into a multiyear procure-ment contract is provided under subsection (a). (c) C
OSTANALYSIS REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not exercise the authority pro-vided under subsection (a) or (b) until the Secretary submits to the congressional de-fense committees the report and confirma-tion required under subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 2306b(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 1653. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR RE-PORTS ON UNFUNDED PRIORITIES OF MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
Section 1696 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (130 Stat. 2638; Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and in-serting ‘‘Each year, not later than’’ (B) by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘the budg-et if’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘the budget if addi-tional resources had been available for the budget to fund the program, activity, or mis-sion requirement.’’. 
SEC. 1654. IRON DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DEFENSE SYSTEM AND ISRAELI CO-OPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE PRO-GRAM CO-DEVELOPMENT AND CO- PRODUCTION. 
(a) I RON DOME SHORT -RANGE ROCKET DE-
FENSE SYSTEM .— (1) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, not more than $70,000,000 may be provided to the Gov-ernment of Israel to procure components for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system through co-production of such com-ponents in the United States by industry of the United States. (2) C
ONDITIONS .— (A) A
GREEMENT .—Funds described in para-graph (1) for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense program shall be available subject to the terms and conditions in the Agreement Between the Department of De-fense of the United States of America and the Ministry of Defense of the State of Israel Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Pro-curement, signed on March 5, 2014, as amend-ed to include co-production for Tamir inter-ceptors. (B) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds de-scribed in paragraph (1), the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall jointly submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees— (i) a certification that the amended bilat-eral international agreement specified in subparagraph (A) is being implemented as provided in such agreement; and (ii) an assessment detailing any risks re-lating to the implementation of such agree-ment. (b) ISRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE  P
ROGRAM , DAVID’SSLING WEAPON SYSTEM CO- 
PRODUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement, Defense- wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency not more than $50,000,000 may be pro-vided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling Weapon System, including for co-production of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a certification that— (A) the Government of Israel has dem-onstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews required by the research, development, and technology agreement and the bilateral co-production agreement for the David’s Sling Weapon Sys-tem; (B) funds specified in paragraph (1) will be provided on the basis of a one-for-one cash match made by Israel or in another match-ing amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mutually agreed to by the United States and Israel); and (C) the level of co-production of parts, components, and all-up rounds (if appro-priate) in the United States by United States industry for the David’s Sling Weapon Sys-tem is not less than 50 percent. (c) I
SRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE  P
ROGRAM , ARROW 3 UPPER TIERINTERCEPTOR  P
ROGRAM CO-PRODUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement, Defense- wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency not more than $80,000,000 may be pro-vided to the Government of Israel for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program, in-cluding for co-production of parts and com-ponents in the United States by United States industry. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Except as provided by paragraph (3), the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a certification that— (A) the Government of Israel has dem-onstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews required by the research, development, and technology agreements for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Inter-ceptor Program; (B) funds specified in paragraph (1) will be provided on the basis of a one-for-one cash match made by Israel or in another match-ing amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mutually agreed to by the United States and Israel); (C) the United States has entered into a bi-lateral international agreement with Israel that establishes, with respect to the use of such funds— (i) in accordance with subparagraph (D), the terms of co-production of parts and com-ponents on the basis of the greatest prac-ticable co-production of parts, components, and all-up rounds (if appropriate) by United States industry and minimizes nonrecurring engineering and facilitization expenses to the costs needed for co-production; (ii) complete transparency on the require-ment of Israel for the number of interceptors and batteries that will be procured, includ-ing with respect to the procurement plans, acquisition strategy, and funding profiles of Israel; (iii) technical milestones for co-production of parts and components and procurement; (iv) a joint affordability working group to consider cost reduction initiatives; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3493 June 11, 2018 
(v) joint approval processes for third-party sales; and (D) the level of co-production described in subparagraph (C)(i) for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program is not less than 50 percent. (3) W
AIVER .—The Under Secretary may waive the certification required by para-graph (2) if the Under Secretary certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the Under Secretary has received suffi-cient data from the Government of Israel to demonstrate— (A) the funds specified in paragraph (1) are provided to Israel solely for funding the pro-curement of long-lead components and crit-ical hardware in accordance with a produc-tion plan, including a funding profile detail-ing Israeli contributions for production, in-cluding long-lead production, of the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; (B) such long-lead components have suc-cessfully completed knowledge points, tech-nical milestones, and production readiness reviews; and (C) the long-lead procurement will be con-ducted in a manner that maximizes co-pro-duction in the United States without incur-ring nonrecurring engineering activity or cost other than such activity or cost re-quired for suppliers of the United States to start or restart production in the United States. (d) N
UMBER .—In carrying out paragraph (2) of subsection (b) and paragraph (2) of sub-section (c), the Under Secretary may sub-mit— (1) one certification covering both the Da-vid’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; or (2) separate certifications for each respec-tive system. (e) T
IMING .—The Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees the certifications under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) and paragraph (2) of sub-section (c) by not later than 60 days before the funds specified in paragraph (1) of sub-sections (b) and (c) for the respective system covered by the certification are provided to the Government of Israel. (f) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1655. METRICS FOR EVALUATING EFFEC-TIVENESS OF INTEGRATED BAL-LISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM AGAINST OPERATIONALLY REAL-ISTIC BALLISTIC MISSILE ATTACKS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF METRICS REQUIRED .— The Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall, in coordination with the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, the Direc-tor of the Ballistic Missile Defense System Operational Test Agency, the Commander of the Joint Forces Combatant Command-Inte-grated Missile Defense, the service acquisi-tion executives (as defined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code), and the com-manders of the combatant commands, de-velop operationally relevant metrics for evaluating the effectiveness of the inte-grated Ballistic Missile Defense System (BMDS) and its components and elements against operationally realistic ballistic mis-sile attacks into areas defended by United States combatant commands. (b) I
NCORPORATION OF METRICS INTO AN-
NUAL REPORTS .—Beginning in February 2019, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall incorporate the metrics developed under subsection (a) into the annual reports of the Director to the congressional defense committees, including an assessment of progress against such metrics on the acquisi-tion baseline of the Missile Defense Agency. (c) LIMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act and available for the Command and Con-trol, Battle Management and Communica-tions (C2BMC) program, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the Director develops the metrics required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1656. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT RE-LATING TO TRANSITION OF BAL-LISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE PRO-GRAMS TO MILITARY DEPART-MENTS. 
Section 1676(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–91) is amended by inserting ‘‘or equivalent approval’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 1657. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ACCELERA-TION OF MISSILE DEFENSE CAPA-BILITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that the Missile Defense Agen-cy should— (1) accelerate the fielding, if technically feasible, of the planned additional 20 ground- based interceptors with Redesigned Kill Ve-hicles (RKV) at Missile Field 4 at Fort Greely, Alaska, and to mate the Redesigned Kill Vehicles with the newest booster tech-nology; (2) weigh the rapid growth in missile and nuclear threats against the cost and risk of accelerating the Redesigned Kill Vehicle and the Multi-Object Kill Vehicle development and deployment; (3) ensure, prior to its operational deploy-ment, that the Redesigned Kill Vehicle has demonstrated the ability to accomplish its intended mission through a successful, oper-ationally realistic flight test; (4) rapidly develop and deploy a persistent, space-based sensor architecture to ensure our missile defenses are more effective against ballistic missile threats and more re-sponsive to new and emergent threats from hypersonic and cruise missiles; (5) pursue innovative concepts for existing technologies, such as a missile defense role for the F–35 aircraft; and (6) invest in advanced technologies, such as boost-phase warning, tracking, and inter-cept. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on ways the Missile De-fense Agency can accelerate the construction of Missile Field 4 at Fort Greely, Alaska, as well as the deployment of 20 ground-based interceptors with Redesigned Kill Vehicles (RKV) at such missile field, by at least one year. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A threat-based description of the bene-fits and risks of accelerating the construc-tion and deployment referred to in paragraph (1). (B) A description of the technical and ac-quisition risks and potential effects on the reliability of the Redesigned Kill Vehicle if deployment is accelerated as described in paragraph (1). (C) A description of the cost implications of accelerating the construction and deploy-ment referred to in paragraph (1). (D) A description of the effect such accel-eration would have on the Redesigned Kill Vehicle flight test schedule and the overall Integrated Master Test Plan. (E) A description of the effect that the ac-celeration described in paragraph (1) would have on re-tipping currently deployed exoatmospheric kill vehicles with the Rede-signed Kill Vehicle. (F) A description of how such acceleration would align with the deployment of the long range discrimination radar and the home-land defense radar-Hawaii. (G) A cost-benefit analysis and a feasibility assessment for construction of a fifth missile field at Fort Greely, Alaska. (3) FORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1658. INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DE-FENSE FOR EVOLVING THEATER MISSILE THREATS. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the Sense of the Senate that— (1) the United States should utilize re-gional missile defense assets to counter and deter against cruise, short-to-medium-range ballistic, and hypersonic missile threats; (2) the United States should continue to rapidly work toward the interoperability of all United States missile defense systems for a more effective layered defense; and (3) the United States Army should increase its attention, focus, and resources developing an integrated air-and-missile defense archi-tecture to protect both land and air forces from cruise, short-to-medium-range bal-listic, and hypersonic missile threats. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, if consistent with the direction or rec-ommendations of the Missile Defense Review that commenced in 2017, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the Depart-ment’s plan for the creation of a fully inter-operable and integrated air and missile de-fense architecture. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Elements of the report re-quired by paragraph (1) are as follows: (A) An intelligence assessment of cruise, short-to-medium-range ballistic, and hypersonic missile threats to the United States and its deployed forces. (B) An examination of current United States capabilities to defeat the threats in-cluded in the report required by subpara-graph (A) and an analysis of the existing ca-pability and resource gaps. (C) An analysis of the level of integration and interoperability of United States missile defense systems and the future requirements needed to become fully integrated and inter-operable to defeat the threats included in the report required by subparagraph (A). (D) A description of the current state of survivability of United States missile de-fense systems against the full spectrum of air and missile threats from near-peer threats and any planned efforts to increase survivability. (3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1659. ACCELERATION OF HYPERSONIC MIS-SILE DEFENSE PROGRAM. 
(a) A CCELERATION OF PROGRAM .—The Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency shall ac-celerate the hypersonic missile defense pro-gram of the Missile Defense Agency. (b) D
EPLOYMENT .—The Director shall de-ploy such program in conjunction with a per-sistent space-based missile defense sensor program. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on how hypersonic missile defense can be acceler-ated to meet emerging hypersonic threats. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3494 June 11, 2018 
(A) An estimate of the cost of such accel-eration. (B) The technical requirements and acqui-sition plan needed for the Director to de-velop and deploy a hypersonic missile de-fense program. (C) A testing campaign plan that acceler-ates the delivery of hypersonic defense sys-tems to the warfighter. (3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1660. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ALLIED PARTNERSHIPS FOR MISSILE DE-FENSE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the United States should seek addi-tional opportunities, at the tactical, oper-ational, and strategic levels, to provide mis-sile defense capabilities, doctrine, interoper-ability, and planning to allies and trusted partners of the United States; (2) an expedited foreign military sales ar-rangement would be beneficial in delivering such missile defenses to allies and trusted partners; and (3) it is important to continue to work with allies and trusted partners, such as Israel, to learn from their experience deploy-ing successful missile defense technologies. 
SEC. 1660A. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON RESULTS OF TESTS CARRIED OUT BY MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) tests carried out by the Missile Defense Agency, which do not achieve an intercept or the main objective, should not be considered failures; (2) the Missile Defense Agency—in an ef-fort to deliver capabilities at the speed of relevance—should recognize the learning value of individual advancements made by all test events, rather than viewing any total outcome as an indication of the reliability of entire missile defense systems; (3) the Missile Defense Agency should, as part of its test program, continue to build an independently accredited modeling and sim-ulation element to better inform missile de-fense performance assessments and test cri-teria; and (4) the Missile Defense Agency should con-tinue to pursue an increasingly rigorous testing regime, in coordination with the Of-fice of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, to more rapidly deliver capabili-ties to the warfighter as the threat evolves. 
SEC. 1660B. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON DISCRIMI-NATION FOR MISSILE DEFENSE. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that prioritizing discrimina-tion capabilities to improve missile defense effectiveness against current and future threats is critically important. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the following: (A) Needed discrimination improvements within the missile defense architecture. (B) The Missile Defense Agency’s plan to rapidly field advanced discrimination capa-bilities. (C) An analysis of efforts to address dis-crimination challenges against emerging ad-versary threats, including hypersonic and cruise missiles. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1660C. DEVELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT OF PERSISTENT SPACE-BASED SEN-SOR ARCHITECTURE. 
(a) D ISSOCIATION WITHBALLISTIC MISSILE  D
EFENSE REVIEW .—Subsection (a) of section 1683 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘If consistent’’ and all that follows through ‘‘develop’’ and in-serting ‘‘Not later than December 31, 2018, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall, in coordination with the Secretary of the Air Force and the Director of the De-fense Advanced Research Projects Agency, commence developing’’. (b) DEPLOYMENT DEADLINE .—Such sub-section is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(
A) INGENERAL .—’’ and in- serting the following: ‘‘(a) D
EVELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) D
EPLOYMENT .—The Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall ensure that the sensor architecture developed under para-graph (1) is deployed on or before December 31, 2022.’’. (c) C
OMPATIBILITY WITHEFFORTS OF DE-
FENSE ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGEN-
CY.—Such section is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsection (f) and (g), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) C
OMPATIBILITY WITHEFFORTS OF DE-
FENSE ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGEN-
CY.—The Director shall ensure that the sen-sor architecture developed under subsection (a) is compatible with efforts of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency relating to space-based sensors for missile defense.’’. (d) R
EPORT ON PROGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the progress of all efforts being made by the Missile Defense Agency, the Defense Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency, and the Air Force relating to space-based sensing and tracking capabilities for missile defense and how each of such organizations will work together to avoid duplication of efforts. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1660D. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT TO DEVELOP A SPACE-BASED BAL-LISTIC MISSILE INTERCEPT LAYER. 
(a) D ISSOCIATION WITHBALLISTIC MISSILE  D
EFENSE REVIEW .—Subsection (a) of section 1688 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended, in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘If consistent’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘The Director’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended, in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘If the Di-rector carries out subsection (a), not later’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later’’. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 1661. ASSESSMENT OF ELECTRONIC WAR-FARE CAPABILITIES OF RUSSIA AND CHINA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees and the congressional in-telligence committees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) country-wide assessments of the electronic warfare capabilities of the Rus-sian Federation and the People’s Republic of China. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The assessments submitted under subsection (a) shall include, for the countries concerned, the following: (1) The electronic warfare doctrine. (2) The order of battle on land, sea, air, space, and cyberspace. (3) The current status of expected direction of technology and research over the next 10 years. SEC. 1662. BUDGET EXHIBIT ON SUPPORT PRO-VIDED TO ENTITIES OUTSIDE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall include in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of De-fense budget for each fiscal year (as sub-mitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a single budget exhibit con-taining relevant details pertaining to sup-port provided by the Department of Defense to the Executive Office of the President re-lated to senior leader communications and continuity of government programs. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The budget exhibit re-quired by subsection (a) shall include— (1) support provided by the White House Military Office, the White House Commu-nications Agency, special mission area ac-tivities of the Defense Information Systems Agency, and other relevant programs; and (2) specific appropriation and line numbers where appropriate. (c) F
ORM.—The budget exhibit required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1663. DEVELOPMENT OF ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATTLE MANAGEMENT CAPABILITY FOR JOINT ELECTRO-MAGNETIC OPERATIONS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF EXECUTIVE AGENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee shall designate a mili-tary service with the responsibility for act-ing as executive agent for the development of an Electromagnetic Battle Management capability for joint electromagnetic oper-ations. (b) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Along with the budget for each fiscal year sub-mitted by the President pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall include a certifi-cation from the Electronic Warfare Execu-tive Committee whether sufficient funds have been budgeted for the development of an Electromagnetic Battle Management ca-pability for joint electromagnetic oper-ations. TITLE XVII—COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES 
SEC. 1701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign In-vestment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1702. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) foreign investment provides substantial economic benefits to the United States, in-cluding the promotion of economic growth, productivity, competitiveness, and job cre-ation, and the majority of foreign invest-ment transactions pose little or no risk to the national security of the United States, especially when those investments are truly passive in nature; (2) maintaining the commitment of the United States to open and fair investment policy also encourages other countries to re-ciprocate and helps open new foreign mar-kets for United States businesses and their products; (3) it should continue to be the policy of the United States to enthusiastically wel-come and support foreign investment, con-sistent with the protection of national secu-rity; (4) at the same time, the national security landscape has shifted in recent years, and so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3495 June 11, 2018 
has the nature of the investments that pose the greatest potential risk to national secu-rity, which warrants a modernization of the processes and authorities of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and of the United States export control sys-tem; (5) the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States plays a critical role in protecting the national security of the United States, and, therefore, it is essential that the member agencies of the Committee are adequately resourced and able to hire ap-propriately qualified individuals in a timely manner, and that those individuals’ security clearances are processed as a high priority; (6) the President should conduct a more ro-bust international outreach effort to urge and help allies and partners of the United States to establish processes that parallel the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to screen foreign investments for national security risks and to facilitate coordination; (7) the President should lead a collabo-rative effort with allies and partners of the United States to strengthen the multilateral export control regime to more effectively ad-dress the unprecedented industrial policies of certain countries of special concern, in-cluding aggressive efforts to acquire United States technology, and the blending of civil and military programs; (8) any penalties imposed by the United States Government with respect to an indi-vidual or entity pursuant to a determination that the individual or entity has violated sanctions imposed by the United States or the export control laws of the United States should not be reversed for reasons unrelated to the national security of the United States; and (9) the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States should continue to re-view transactions for the purpose of pro-tecting national security and should not con-sider issues of national interest absent a na-tional security nexus. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON CONSIDERATION  
OFCOVERED TRANSACTIONS .—It is the sense of Congress that, when considering national se-curity risks, the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States may con-sider— (1) whether a transaction involves a coun-try of special concern that has a dem-onstrated or declared strategic goal of ac-quiring a type of critical technology or crit-ical infrastructure that would affect United States technological and industrial leader-ship in areas related to national security; (2) the potential national security-related effects of the cumulative market share of or a pattern of recent transactions in any one type of infrastructure, energy asset, critical material, or critical technology by foreign persons; (3) whether any foreign person that would acquire an interest in a United States busi-ness or its assets as a result of a transaction has a history of complying with United States laws and regulations; (4) the extent to which a transaction is likely to expose, either directly or indi-rectly, personally identifiable information, genetic information, or other sensitive data of United States citizens to access by a for-eign government or foreign person that may exploit that information in a manner that threatens national security; and (5) whether a transaction is likely to have the effect of exacerbating or creating new cybersecurity vulnerabilities in the United States or is likely to result in a foreign gov-ernment gaining a significant new capability to engage in malicious cyber-enabled activi-ties against the United States, including such activities designed to affect the out-come of any election for Federal office. SEC. 1703. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 721(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
CCESS .—The term ‘access’ means the ability and opportunity to obtain informa-tion, subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(2) C
OMMITTEE ; CHAIRPERSON .—The terms ‘Committee’ and ‘chairperson’ mean the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and the chairperson thereof, respectively. ‘‘(3) C
ONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means the power to determine, direct, or decide im-portant matters affecting an entity, subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(4) C
OUNTRY OF SPECIAL CONCERN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘country of special concern’ means a country that poses a significant threat to the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This para-graph shall not be construed to require the Committee to maintain a list of countries of special concern. ‘‘(5) C
OVERED TRANSACTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided, the term ‘covered transaction’ means— ‘‘(i) any transaction described in subpara-graph (B)(i); and ‘‘(ii) any transaction described in clauses (ii) through (v) of subparagraph (B) that is proposed, pending, or completed on or after the effective date specified in section 1732(b)(1)(A) of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018. ‘‘(B) T
RANSACTIONS DESCRIBED .—A trans- action described in this subparagraph is any of the following: ‘‘(i) Any merger, acquisition, or takeover that is proposed or pending after August 23, 1988, by or with any foreign person that could result in foreign control of any United States business. ‘‘(ii) Subject to subparagraph (C), the pur-chase or lease by a foreign person of, or a concession offered to a foreign person with respect to, private or public real estate that— ‘‘(I) is located in the United States; ‘‘(II)(aa) is, is located at, or will function as part of, a land, air, or maritime port; or ‘‘(bb)(AA) is in close proximity to a United States military installation or another facil-ity or property of the United States Govern-ment that is sensitive for reasons relating to national security; ‘‘(BB) could reasonably provide the foreign person the ability to collect information on activities being conducted at such an instal-lation, facility, or property; or ‘‘(CC) could otherwise expose national se-curity activities at such an installation, fa-cility, or property to the risk of foreign sur-veillance; and ‘‘(III) meets such other criteria as the Committee prescribes by regulation, as long as such criteria do not expand the categories of real estate to which this clause applies be-yond the categories described in subclause (II). ‘‘(iii) Any other investment (other than a passive investment) by a foreign person in any United States critical technology com-pany or United States critical infrastructure company that is unaffiliated with the foreign person, subject to regulations prescribed under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(iv) Any change in the rights that a for-eign person has with respect to a United States business in which the foreign person has an investment, if that change could re-sult in— ‘‘(I) foreign control of the United States business; or ‘‘(II) an investment described in clause (iii). ‘‘(v) Any other transaction, transfer, agreement, or arrangement the structure of which is designed or intended to evade or cir-cumvent the application of this section, sub-ject to regulations prescribed by the Com-mittee. ‘‘(C) FURTHER DEFINITION THROUGH REGULA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(i) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN REAL ESTATE  
TRANSACTIONS .—A real estate purchase or lease described in subparagraph (B)(ii) does not include a lease or purchase of— ‘‘(I) a single ‘housing unit’, as defined by the Census Bureau; or ‘‘(II) real estate in ‘urbanized areas’, as de-fined by the Census Bureau in the most re-cent census, except as otherwise prescribed by the Committee in regulations in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(ii) C
ERTAIN OTHER INVESTMENT .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations fur-ther defining covered transactions described in subparagraph (B)(iii) by reference to the technology, sector, subsector, transaction type, or other characteristics of such trans-actions. ‘‘(iii) E
XEMPTION FOR TRANSACTIONS FROM  
IDENTIFIED COUNTRIES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall, by regulation, define circumstances and proce-dures under which a transaction otherwise described in clause (ii) or (iii) of subpara-graph (B) is excluded from the definition of ‘covered transaction’ if each foreign person that is a party to the transaction, and each foreign person with ownership or control over a party to the transaction, is from (as determined by the Committee pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Committee), a country or part of a country identified by the Committee for purposes of this clause based on factors established by the Com-mittee, such as— ‘‘(aa) whether, in the sole judgment of the Committee, the process of the country for re-viewing the national security effects of for-eign investment and associated inter-national cooperation effectively safeguards national security interests the country shares with the United States; ‘‘(bb) whether the country is a member country of the North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization or is designated as a major non- NATO ally pursuant to section 517 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321k); ‘‘(cc) whether the country adheres to non-proliferation control regimes, including trea-ties and multilateral supply guidelines, which shall be informed by sources such as the annual report on ‘Adherence to and Com-pliance with Arms Control, Nonproliferation and Disarmament Agreements and Commit-ments’ required by section 403 of the Arms Control and Disarmament Act (22 U.S.C. 2593a); ‘‘(dd) whether excluding transactions by foreign persons from the country advances the national security objectives of the United States; and ‘‘(ee) any other factors that the Committee determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(II) R
ECURRING ASSESSMENT OF IDENTIFIED  
COUNTRIES .—The Committee shall reconsider on a regular basis the identification of coun-tries and parts of countries under subclause (I). ‘‘(iv) E
XCEPTION FOR AIR CARRIERS .—For purposes of subparagraph (B)(iii), the term ‘other investment’ does not include an in-vestment involving an air carrier, as defined in section 40102(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code, that holds a certificate issued under section 41102 of that title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3496 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(v) T RANSFERS OF CERTAIN ASSETS PURSU -
ANT TO BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS OR OTHER  
DEFAULTS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations to clarify that the term ‘covered transaction’ includes any transaction de-scribed in subparagraph (B) that arises pur-suant to a bankruptcy proceeding or other form of default on debt. ‘‘(D) P
ASSIVE INVESTMENT DEFINED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (B)(iii), the term ‘passive investment’ means an investment, direct or indirect, by a foreign person in a United States critical in-frastructure company or United States crit-ical technology company that meets the fol-lowing criteria: ‘‘(I) The investment is not described in subparagraph (B)(i). ‘‘(II) The investment does not afford the foreign person— ‘‘(aa) access to any material nonpublic technical information in the possession of the United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical tech-nology company; ‘‘(bb) membership or observer rights on the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the United States critical infrastruc-ture company or United States critical tech-nology company or the right to nominate an individual to a position on the board of di-rectors or equivalent governing body; or ‘‘(cc) any involvement, other than through voting of shares, in substantive decision-making relating to the management, govern-ance, or operation of the United States crit-ical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company. ‘‘(III) The foreign person does not have a material parallel strategic partnership or other material financial relationship, as de-scribed in regulations prescribed by the Committee, with the United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company. ‘‘(IV) Such other criteria as the Committee may prescribe by regulation, which shall be consistent with the criteria specified in sub-clauses (I), (II), and (III). ‘‘(ii) M
ATERIAL NONPUBLIC TECHNICAL INFOR -
MATION DEFINED .—For purposes of clause (i)(II)(aa), the term ‘material nonpublic tech-nical information’ has the meaning given that term in regulations prescribed by the Committee, except that the term does not include financial information regarding the performance of a United States critical in-frastructure company or United States crit-ical technology company. ‘‘(iii) E
FFECT OF LEVEL OF OWNERSHIP IN -
TEREST .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—A determination of whether an investment is a passive invest-ment under clause (i) shall be made without regard to how low the level of ownership in-terest a foreign person would hold or acquire in a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical tech-nology company would be as a result of the investment. ‘‘(II) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee may prescribe regulations specifying that any in-vestment (other than an investment de-scribed in item (bb)) greater than a certain level or amount shall not be considered a passive investment under clause (i). ‘‘(bb) I
NVESTMENT DESCRIBED .—An invest-ment described in this item is an invest-ment— ‘‘(AA) by a foreign person in a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company through an investment fund; ‘‘(BB) that does not result in the foreign person’s control of the United States critical technology or United States critical infra-structure company; and ‘‘(CC) that otherwise meets the require-ments of clauses (i) and (iv), as applicable. ‘‘(iv) SPECIFIC CLARIFICATION FOR INVEST -
MENT FUNDS .— ‘‘(I) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN INVESTMENTS  
AS PASSIVE INVESTMENTS .—Notwithstanding clause (i)(II)(bb) and subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee, an indirect in-vestment by a foreign person in a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company through an investment fund that affords the foreign person (or a designee of the foreign person) membership as a limited partner on an advisory board or a committee of the fund shall be considered a passive investment if— ‘‘(aa) the fund is managed exclusively by a general partner, a managing member, or an equivalent; ‘‘(bb) the general partner, managing mem-ber, or equivalent is not a foreign person; ‘‘(cc) the advisory board or committee does not have the ability to approve, disapprove, or otherwise control— ‘‘(AA) investment decisions of the fund; or ‘‘(BB) decisions made by the general partner, managing member, or equivalent re-lated to entities in which the fund is in-vested; ‘‘(dd) the foreign person does not otherwise have the ability to control the fund, includ-ing the authority— ‘‘(AA) to approve, disapprove, or other-wise control investment decisions of the fund; ‘‘(BB) to approve, disapprove, or other-wise control decisions made by the general partner, managing member, or equivalent re-lated to entities in which the fund is in-vested; or ‘‘(CC) to unilaterally dismiss, prevent the dismissal of, select, or determine the compensation of the general partner, man-aging member, or equivalent; and ‘‘(ee) the investment otherwise meets the requirements of this subparagraph. ‘‘(II) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN WAIVERS .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—For the purposes of items (cc) and (dd) of subclause (I) and ex-cept as provided in item (bb), a waiver of a potential conflict of interest, a waiver of an allocation limitation, or a similar activity, applicable to a transaction pursuant to the terms of an agreement governing an invest-ment fund shall not be considered to con-stitute control of investment decisions of the fund or decisions relating to entities in which the fund is invested. ‘‘(bb) E
XCEPTION .—The Committee may prescribe regulations providing for excep-tions to item (aa) for extraordinary cir-cumstances. ‘‘(v) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations providing guidance on the types of transactions that the Com-mittee considers to be passive investment. ‘‘(E) U
NITED STATES CRITICAL INFRASTRUC -
TURE COMPANY DEFINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘United States critical infrastructure company’ means a United States business that is, owns, operates, or primarily provides services to, an entity or entities that operate within a critical infra-structure sector or subsector, as defined by regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(F) U
NITED STATES CRITICAL TECHNOLOGY  
COMPANY DEFINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘United States critical technology company’ means a United States business that produces, designs, tests, manu-factures, or develops one or more critical technologies, or a subset of such tech-nologies, as defined by regulations pre-scribed by the Committee. ‘‘(6) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘critical infrastructure’ means, subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee, systems and assets, whether physical or vir-tual, so vital to the United States that the incapacity or destruction of such systems or assets would have a debilitating impact on national security. ‘‘(7) CRITICAL MATERIALS .—The term ‘crit-ical materials’ means physical materials es-sential to national security, subject to regu-lations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(8) C
RITICAL TECHNOLOGIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘critical tech-nologies’ means technology, components, or technology items that are essential or could be essential to national security, identified for purposes of this section pursuant to regu-lations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN ITEMS .—The term ‘critical technologies’ includes the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) Defense articles or defense services in-cluded on the United States Munitions List set forth in the International Traffic in Arms Regulations under subchapter M of chapter I of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions. ‘‘(ii) Items included on the Commerce Con-trol List set forth in Supplement No. 1 to part 774 of the Export Administration Regu-lations under subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, and controlled— ‘‘(I) pursuant to multilateral regimes, in-cluding for reasons relating to national secu-rity, chemical and biological weapons pro-liferation, nuclear nonproliferation, or mis-sile technology; or ‘‘(II) for reasons relating to regional sta-bility or surreptitious listening. ‘‘(iii) Specially designed and prepared nu-clear equipment, parts and components, ma-terials, software, and technology covered by part 810 of title 10, Code of Federal Regula-tions (relating to assistance to foreign atom-ic energy activities). ‘‘(iv) Nuclear facilities, equipment, and material covered by part 110 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to export and import of nuclear equipment and mate-rial). ‘‘(v) Select agents and toxins covered by part 331 of title 7, Code of Federal Regula-tions, part 121 of title 9 of such Code, or part 73 of title 42 of such Code. ‘‘(vi) Emerging and foundational tech-nologies identified pursuant to section 1725(a) of the Foreign Investment Risk Re-view Modernization Act of 2018. ‘‘(9) F
OREIGN GOVERNMENT -CONTROLLED  
TRANSACTION .—The term ‘foreign govern-ment-controlled transaction’ means any cov-ered transaction that could result in the con-trol of any United States business by a for-eign government or an entity controlled by or acting on behalf of a foreign government. ‘‘(10) F
OREIGN PERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘foreign per-son’ means— ‘‘(i) any foreign national, foreign govern-ment, or foreign entity; or ‘‘(ii) any entity over which control is exer-cised or exercisable by a foreign national, foreign government, or foreign entity. ‘‘(B) F
OREIGN ENTITY DEFINED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A) and except as provided in clause (ii), the term ‘foreign entity’ means any branch, partnership, group or subgroup, asso-ciation, estate, trust, corporation or division of a corporation, or organization organized under the laws of a foreign country if— ‘‘(I) the principal place of business of the entity is outside the United States; or ‘‘(II) the equity securities of the entity are primarily traded on one or more foreign ex-changes. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the term ‘foreign entity’ does not include an entity that demonstrates to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3497 June 11, 2018 
Committee that a majority of the equity in-terest in the entity is ultimately owned by United States nationals. ‘‘(11) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). ‘‘(12) I
NVESTMENT .—The term ‘investment’ means the acquisition of equity interest, in-cluding contingent equity interest, as fur-ther defined in regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(13) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘lead agen-cy’ means the agency or agencies designated as the lead agency or agencies pursuant to subsection (k)(5). ‘‘(14) N
ATIONAL SECURITY .—The term ‘na-tional security’ shall be construed so as to include those issues relating to ‘homeland security’, including its application to crit-ical infrastructure. ‘‘(15) P
ARTY .—The term ‘party’ has the meaning given that term in regulations pre-scribed by the Committee. ‘‘(16) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘United States’ means the several States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and any territory or pos-session of the United States. ‘‘(17) U
NITED STATES BUSINESS .—The term ‘United States business’ means a person en-gaged in interstate commerce in the United States.’’. 
SEC. 1704. ACCEPTANCE OF WRITTEN NOTICES. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C)(i) of the Defense Pro-duction Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)(i)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any party’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Any party’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) C
OMMENTS AND ACCEPTANCE .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to item (cc), the Committee shall provide comments on a draft or final written notice or accept a final written notice submitted under subclause (I) with respect to a covered transaction not later than the date that is 10 business days after the date of submission of the draft or final notice. ‘‘(bb) C
OMPLETENESS .—If the Committee determines that a draft or final written no-tice described in item (aa) is not complete, the Committee shall notify the party or par-ties to the transaction in writing that the notice is not complete and provide an expla-nation of all material respects in which the notice is incomplete. ‘‘(cc) S
TIPULATIONS REQUIRED .—The timing requirement under item (aa) shall apply only in a case in which the parties stipulate under clause (vi) that the transaction is a covered transaction.’’. 
SEC. 1705. INCLUSION OF PARTNERSHIP AND SIDE AGREEMENTS IN NOTICE. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) I
NCLUSION OF PARTNERSHIP AND SIDE  
AGREEMENTS .—A written notice submitted under clause (i) by a party to a covered transaction shall include a copy of any part-nership agreements, integration agreements, or other side agreements relating to the transaction, including any such agreements relating to the transfer of intellectual prop-erty, as specified in regulations prescribed by the Committee.’’. 
SEC. 1706. DECLARATIONS FOR CERTAIN COV-ERED TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)), as amended by section 1705, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) D
ECLARATIONS FOR CERTAIN COVERED  
TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—A party to any covered transaction may submit to the Committee a declaration with basic information regarding the transaction instead of a written notice under clause (i). ‘‘(II) REGULATIONS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations establishing require-ments for declarations submitted under this clause. In prescribing such regulations, the Committee shall ensure that such declara-tions are submitted as abbreviated notifica-tions that would not generally exceed 5 pages in length. ‘‘(III) C
OMMITTEE RESPONSE TO DECLARA -
TION.— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receiving a dec-laration under this clause with respect to a covered transaction, the Committee may, at the discretion of the Committee— ‘‘(AA) request that the parties to the transaction file a written notice under clause (i); ‘‘(BB) inform the parties to the trans-action that the Committee is not able to complete action under this section with re-spect to the transaction on the basis of the declaration and that the parties may file a written notice under clause (i) to seek writ-ten notification from the Committee that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the trans-action; ‘‘(CC) initiate a unilateral review of the transaction under subparagraph (D); or ‘‘(DD) notify the parties in writing that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the trans-action. ‘‘(bb) T
IMING .—The Committee shall take action under item (aa) not later than 30 days after receiving a declaration under this clause. ‘‘(cc) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subclause (other than item (aa)(CC)) shall be construed to affect the authority of the President or the Committee to take any action authorized by this section with re-spect to a covered transaction. ‘‘(IV) M
ANDATORY DECLARATIONS .— ‘‘(aa) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations specifying the types of covered transactions for which the Com-mittee requires a declaration under this sub-clause. ‘‘(bb) C
ERTAIN COVERED TRANSACTIONS WITH  
FOREIGN GOVERNMENT INTERESTS .— ‘‘(AA) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subitem (BB), the parties to a covered transaction shall submit a declaration de-scribed in subclause (I) with respect to the transaction if the transaction involves an in-vestment that results in the acquisition, di-rectly or indirectly, of a substantial interest in a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical tech-nology company by a foreign person in which a foreign government has, directly or indi-rectly, a substantial interest. ‘‘(BB) E
XCEPTION .—The submission of a declaration described in subclause (I) shall not be required with respect to a transaction described in subitem (AA) if each foreign person that is a party to the transaction, and each foreign person with ownership or con-trol over a party to the transaction, is from a country or part of a country identified by the Committee under subsection (a)(5)(C)(iii). ‘‘(CC) S
UBSTANTIAL INTEREST DEFINED .— In this item, the term ‘substantial interest’ has the meaning given that term in regula-tions which the Committee shall prescribe. In developing those regulations, the Com-mittee shall consider the means by which a foreign government could influence the ac-tions of a foreign person, including through board membership, ownership interest, or shareholder rights. An interest that is a pas-sive investment (as defined in subsection (a)(5)(D)) or that is less than a 10 percent voting interest shall not be considered a sub-stantial interest. ‘‘(cc) OTHER DECLARATIONS REQUIRED BY  
COMMITTEE .—The Committee shall require the submission of a declaration described in subclause (I) with respect to any covered transaction identified under regulations pre-scribed by the Committee for purposes of this item, at the discretion of the Committee and based on appropriate factors, such as— ‘‘(AA) the technology, industry, eco-nomic sector, or economic subsector in which the United States business that is a party to the transaction trades or of which it is a part; ‘‘(BB) the difficulty of remedying the harm to national security that may result from completion of the transaction; ‘‘(CC) the difficulty of obtaining informa-tion on the type of covered transaction through other means; and ‘‘(DD) the difficulty of obtaining infor-mation on the ultimate ownership of the for-eign person that is a party to the trans-action. ‘‘(dd) E
XCEPTION .—The submission of a dec-laration described in subclause (I) shall not be required pursuant to this subclause with respect to an investment by an investment fund if— ‘‘(AA) the fund is managed exclusively by a general partner, a managing member, or an equivalent; ‘‘(BB) the general partner, managing member, or equivalent is not a foreign per-son; and ‘‘(CC) the investment fund satisfies, with respect to any foreign person with member-ship as a limited partner on an advisory board or a committee of the fund, the cri-teria specified in items (cc) and (dd) of sub-section (a)(5)(D)(iv). ‘‘(ee) S
UBMISSION OF WRITTEN NOTICE AS AN  
ALTERNATIVE .—Parties to a covered trans-action for which a declaration is required under this subclause may instead elect to submit a written notice under clause (i). ‘‘(ff) T
IMING OF SUBMISSION .— ‘‘(AA) I
N GENERAL .—A declaration re-quired to be submitted with respect to a cov-ered transaction by this subclause shall be submitted not later than 45 days before the completion of the transaction. ‘‘(BB) W
RITTEN NOTICE .—If, pursuant to item (ee), the parties to a covered trans-action elect to submit a written notice under clause (i) instead of a declaration under this subclause, the written notice shall be filed not later than 90 days before the completion of the transaction. ‘‘(gg) P
ENALTIES .—The Committee may im-pose a penalty pursuant to subsection (h)(3) with respect to a party that fails to comply with this subclause.’’. 
SEC. 1707. STIPULATIONS REGARDING TRANS-ACTIONS. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)), as amended by section 1706, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) S
TIPULATIONS REGARDING TRANS -
ACTIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In a written notice sub-mitted under clause (i) or a declaration sub-mitted under clause (v) with respect to a transaction, a party to the transaction may— ‘‘(aa) stipulate that the transaction is a covered transaction; and ‘‘(bb) if the party stipulates that the trans-action is a covered transaction under item (aa), stipulate that the transaction is a for-eign government-controlled transaction. ‘‘(II) B
ASIS FOR STIPULATION .—A written notice submitted under clause (i) or a dec-laration submitted under clause (v) that in-cludes a stipulation under subclause (I) shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3498 June 11, 2018 
include a description of the basis for the stipulation.’’. 
SEC. 1708. AUTHORITY FOR UNILATERAL INITI-ATION OF REVIEWS. 
Section 721(b)(1) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (F) as subparagraphs (F) and (G), respec-tively; (2) in subparagraph (D)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (G)’’; (B) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘(other than a covered transaction described in subpara-graph (E))’’ after ‘‘any covered transaction’’; (C) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) any covered transaction described in subparagraph (E), if any party to the trans-action submitted false or misleading mate-rial information to the Committee in con-nection with the Committee’s consideration of the transaction or omitted material infor-mation, including material documents, from information submitted to the Committee; or’’; and (D) in clause (iii)— (i) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘any covered transaction that has previously been reviewed or investigated under this section,’’ and inserting ‘‘any cov-ered transaction described in subparagraph (E),’’; (ii) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘inten-tionally’’; (iii) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘an in-tentional’’ and inserting ‘‘a’’; and (iv) in subclause (III), by inserting ‘‘ade-quate and appropriate’’ before ‘‘remedies or enforcement tools’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) C
OVERED TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED .—A covered transaction is described in this sub-paragraph if— ‘‘(i) the Committee has informed the par-ties to the transaction in writing that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the transaction; or ‘‘(ii) the President has announced a deci-sion not to exercise the President’s author-ity under subsection (d) with respect to the transaction.’’. 
SEC. 1709. TIMING FOR REVIEWS AND INVESTIGA-TIONS. 
Section 721(b) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)), as amended by section 1708, is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(F), by striking ‘‘30’’ and inserting ‘‘45’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) T
IMING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), any investigation under subpara-graph (A) shall be completed before the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the investigation commenced. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSION FOR EXTRAORDINARY CIR -
CUMSTANCES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In extraordinary cir-cumstances (as defined by the Committee in regulations), the chairperson may, at the re-quest of the head of the lead agency, extend an investigation under subparagraph (A) for one 30-day period. ‘‘(II) N
ONDELEGATION .—The authority of the chairperson and the head of the lead agency referred to in subclause (I) may not be delegated to any person other than the Deputy Secretary of the Treasury or the dep-uty head (or equivalent thereof) of the lead agency, as the case may be. ‘‘(III) N
OTIFICATION TO PARTIES .—If the Committee extends the deadline under sub-clause (I) with respect to a covered trans-action, the Committee shall notify the par-ties to the transaction of the extension.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) TOLLING OF DEADLINES DURING LAPSE IN  
APPROPRIATIONS .—Any deadline or time limi-tation under this subsection shall be tolled during a lapse in appropriations.’’. 
SEC. 1710. MONITORING OF NON-NOTIFIED AND NON-DECLARED TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 721(b)(1) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)), as amended by sections 1708 and 1709, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) M
ONITORING OF NON -NOTIFIED AND NON - 
DECLARED TRANSACTIONS .—The Committee shall establish a mechanism to identify cov-ered transactions for which— ‘‘(i) a notice under clause (i) of subpara-graph (C) or a declaration under clause (v) of that subparagraph is not submitted to the Committee; and ‘‘(ii) information is reasonably available.’’. 
SEC. 1711. SUBMISSION OF CERTIFICATIONS TO CONGRESS. 
Section 721(b)(3)(C) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(3)(C)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii)— (A) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘and the Select Committee on Intelligence’’ after ‘‘Urban Affairs’’; and (B) in subclause (IV), by inserting ‘‘and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence’’ after ‘‘Financial Services’’; (2) in clause (iv), by striking subclause (II) and inserting the following: ‘‘(II) D
ELEGATION OF CERTIFICATIONS .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to item (bb), the chairperson, in consultation with the Committee, may determine the level of offi-cial to whom the signature requirement under subclause (I) for the chairperson and the head of the lead agency may be dele-gated. The level of official to whom the sig-nature requirement may be delegated may differ based on any factor relating to a trans-action that the chairperson, in consultation with the Committee, deems appropriate, in-cluding the type or value of the transaction. ‘‘(bb) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION WITH RE -
SPECT TO CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS .—The signa-ture requirement under subclause (I) may be delegated not below the level of the Assist-ant Secretary of the Treasury or an equiva-lent official of the lead agency in the case of a covered transaction— ‘‘(AA) assessed by the Director of Na-tional Intelligence under paragraph (4) as more likely than not to threaten the na-tional security of the United States; ‘‘(BB) with respect to which the Com-mittee conducts an investigation under para-graph (2); or ‘‘(CC) with respect to which a request is made by an official at the Deputy Assistant Secretary or Assistant Secretary level of an agency or department represented on the Committee, or an equivalent thereof, that the transaction be reviewed by the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury and an equivalent official of the lead agency. ‘‘(cc) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION WITH RE -
SPECT TO OTHER TRANSACTIONS .—In the case of any covered transaction not described in item (bb), the signature requirement under subclause (I) may be delegated not below the level of a Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Treasury or an equivalent official of the lead agency.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) A
UTHORITY TO CONSOLIDATE DOCU -
MENTS .—Instead of transmitting a separate certified notice or certified report under sub-paragraph (A) or (B) with respect to each covered transaction, the Committee may, on a monthly basis, transmit such notices and reports in a consolidated document to the Members of Congress specified in clause (iii).’’. SEC. 1712. ANALYSIS BY DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE. 
Section 721(b)(4) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) A
NALYSIS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Director of National Intelligence shall expeditiously carry out a thorough analysis of any threat to the na-tional security of the United States posed by any covered transaction, which shall include the identification of any recognized gaps in the collection of intelligence relevant to the analysis. ‘‘(ii) V
IEWS OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .— The Director shall seek and incorporate into the analysis required by clause (i) the views of all affected or appropriate agencies of the intelligence community with respect to the transaction. ‘‘(iii) U
PDATES .—At the request of the lead agency, the Director shall update the anal-ysis conducted under clause (i) with respect to a covered transaction with respect to which an agreement was entered into under subsection (l)(3)(A). ‘‘(iv) I
NDEPENDENCE AND OBJECTIVITY .—The Committee shall ensure that its processes under this section preserve the ability of the Director to conduct analysis under clause (i) that is independent, objective, and con-sistent with all applicable directives, poli-cies, and analytic tradecraft standards of the intelligence community.’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) as subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E), re-spectively; (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) B
ASIC THREAT INFORMATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of National Intelligence may provide the Committee with basic information regarding any threat to the national security of the United States posed by a covered transaction described in clause (ii) instead of conducting the analysis required by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) C
OVERED TRANSACTION DESCRIBED .—A covered transaction is described in this clause if— ‘‘(I) the transaction is described in sub-section (a)(5)(B)(ii); ‘‘(II) the Director of National Intelligence has completed an analysis pursuant to sub-paragraph (A) involving each foreign person that is a party to the transaction during the 12 months preceding the review or investiga-tion of the transaction under this section; or ‘‘(III) the transaction otherwise meets cri-teria agreed upon by the Committee and the Director for purposes of this subparagraph.’’; (4) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘20’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A
SSESSMENT OF OPERATIONAL IM -
PACT .—The Director may provide to the Committee an assessment, separate from the analyses under subparagraphs (A) and (B), of any operational impact of a covered trans-action on the intelligence community and a description of any actions that have been or will be taken to mitigate any such impact. ‘‘(G) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Com-mittee shall submit the analysis required by subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction to the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives upon the conclu-sion of action under this section (other than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3499 June 11, 2018 
compliance plans under subsection (l)(6)) with respect to the transaction.’’. 
SEC. 1713. INFORMATION SHARING. 
Section 721(c) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any information’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), any information’’; (2) by striking ‘‘, except as may be rel-evant’’ and all that follows and inserting a period; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not prohibit the disclosure of the following: ‘‘(A) Information relevant to any adminis-trative or judicial action or proceeding. ‘‘(B) Information to Congress or any duly authorized committee or subcommittee of Congress. ‘‘(C) Information to any domestic or for-eign governmental entity, under the direc-tion of the chairperson, to the extent nec-essary for national security purposes and pursuant to appropriate confidentiality and classification arrangements. ‘‘(D) Information that the parties have consented to be disclosed to third parties. ‘‘(3) C
OOPERATION WITH ALLIES AND PART -
NERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The chairperson, in con-sultation with other members of the Com-mittee, should establish a formal process for the exchange of information under paragraph (2)(C) with governments of countries that are allies or partners of the United States, in the discretion of the chairperson, to protect the national security of the United States and those countries. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The process estab-lished under subparagraph (A) should, in the discretion of the chairperson— ‘‘(i) be designed to facilitate the harmoni-zation of action with respect to trends in in-vestment and technology that could pose risks to the national security of the United States and countries that are allies or part-ners of the United States; ‘‘(ii) provide for the sharing of information with respect to specific technologies and en-tities acquiring such technologies as appro-priate to ensure national security; and ‘‘(iii) include consultations and meetings with representatives of the governments of such countries on a recurring basis.’’. 
SEC. 1714. ACTION BY THE PRESIDENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 721(d) of the De-fense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(d)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (4), the President may, with respect to a covered transaction that threatens to impair the na-tional security of the United States, take such action for such time as the President considers appropriate to suspend or prohibit the transaction or to require divestment.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘not later than 15 days’’ and all that follows and insert-ing the following: ‘‘with respect to a covered transaction not later than 15 days after the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which the investigation of the transaction under subsection (b) is com-pleted; or ‘‘(B) the date on which the Committee oth-erwise refers the transaction to the Presi-dent under subsection (l)(2).’’. (b) C
IVIL PENALTIES .—Section 721(h)(3)(A) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(h)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘including any mitigation’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘subsection (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘including any mitigation agreement en-tered into, conditions imposed, or order issued pursuant to this section’’. SEC. 1715. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
Section 721(e) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The actions’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The actions’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
IVIL ACTIONS .—A civil action chal-lenging an action or finding of the Com-mittee under this section may be brought only in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. ‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURES FOR REVIEW OF PRIVILEGED  
INFORMATION .—If a civil action challenging an action or finding of the Committee under this section is brought, and the court deter-mines that protected information in the ad-ministrative record, including classified, sensitive law enforcement, sensitive secu-rity, or other information subject to privi-lege or protections under any provision of law, is necessary to resolve the challenge, that information shall be submitted ex parte and in camera to the court and the court shall maintain that information under seal. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY OF USE OF INFORMATION  
PROVISIONS .—The use of information provi-sions of sections 106, 305, 405, and 706 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1806, 1825, 1845, and 1881e) shall not apply in a civil action brought under this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 1716. MEMBERSHIP AND STAFF OF COM-MITTEE. 
(a) H IRING AUTHORITY .—Section 721(k) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(k)) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) H
IRING AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) S
ENIOR OFFICIALS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of the Committee shall designate an Assistant Sec-retary, or an equivalent official, who is ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, to carry out such duties related to the Committee as the member of the Committee may delegate. ‘‘(ii) D
EPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY .—In addition to officials of the Department of the Treasury authorized under section 301 of title 31, United States Code, or any other provision of law, there are authorized at the Department of the Treasury, to carry out such duties related to the Committee as the Secretary of the Treasury may delegate, con-sistent with this section and reflecting the expanded authorities of the Committee and the role of the Department of the Treasury in implementing those authorities under the amendments made by the Foreign Invest-ment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018, the following: ‘‘(I) One official, who is appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate, who shall be compensated at a rate not to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for level III of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(II) One official, who is appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate, who shall be compensated at a rate not to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL HIRING AUTHORITY .—The heads of the departments and agencies rep-resented on the Committee may appoint, without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3318 of title 5, United States Code, candidates directly to positions in the competitive service (as defined in section 2102 of that title) in their respective depart-ments and agencies to administer this sec-tion.’’. (b) P
ROCEDURES FOR RECUSAL OF MEMBERS  
OFCOMMITTEE FOR CONFLICTS OF INTEREST .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States shall— (1) establish procedures for the recusal of any member of the Committee that has a conflict of interest with respect to a covered transaction (as defined in section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703); (2) submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report describing those procedures; and (3) brief the committees specified in para-graph (1) on the report required by paragraph (2). SEC. 1717. ACTIONS BY THE COMMITTEE TO AD-DRESS NATIONAL SECURITY RISKS. 
Section 721(l) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(l)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘M
ITIGATION , T RACKING , AND P
OSTCONSUMMATION MONITORING AND EN-
FORCEMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTIONS BY THE  C
OMMITTEE TO ADDRESS NATIONAL SECURITY  R
ISKS’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (3), (5), and (6), respec-tively; (3) by inserting before paragraph (3), as re-designated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(1) S
USPENSION OF TRANSACTIONS .—The Committee, acting through the chairperson, may suspend a proposed or pending covered transaction that may pose a risk to the na-tional security of the United States for such time as the covered transaction is under re-view or investigation under subsection (b). ‘‘(2) R
EFERRAL TO PRESIDENT .—The Com-mittee may, at any time during the review or investigation of a covered transaction under subsection (b), complete the action of the Committee with respect to the trans-action and refer the transaction to the Presi-dent for action pursuant to subsection (d).’’; (4) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘I
N GENERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘A GREE -
MENTS AND CONDITIONS ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘The Committee’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘threat’’ and inserting ‘‘risk’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) A
BANDONMENT OF TRANSACTIONS .—If a party to a covered transaction has volun-tarily chosen to abandon the transaction, the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, may negotiate, enter into or impose, and enforce any agreement or condition with any party to the covered transaction for pur-poses of effectuating such abandonment and mitigating any risk to the national security of the United States that arises as a result of the covered transaction. ‘‘(iii) A
GREEMENTS AND CONDITIONS RELAT -
ING TO COMPLETED TRANSACTIONS .—The Com-mittee or lead agency, as the case may be, may negotiate, enter into or impose, and en-force any agreement or condition with any party to a completed covered transaction in order to mitigate any interim risk to the na-tional security of the United States that may arise as a result of the covered trans-action until such time that the Committee has completed action pursuant to subsection (b) or the President has taken action pursu-ant to subsection (d) with respect to the transaction.’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—An agreement may not be entered into or condition imposed under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3500 June 11, 2018 
subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction unless the Committee deter-mines that the agreement or condition re-solves the national security concerns posed by the transaction, taking into consider-ation whether the agreement or condition is reasonably calculated to— ‘‘(i) be effective; ‘‘(ii) allow for compliance with the terms of the agreement or condition in an appro-priately verifiable way; and ‘‘(iii) enable effective monitoring of com-pliance with and enforcement of the terms of the agreement or condition. ‘‘(C) J
URISDICTION .—The provisions of sec-tion 706(b) shall apply to any mitigation agreement entered into or condition imposed under subparagraph (A).’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (3), as re-designated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(4) R
ISK-BASED ANALYSIS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any determination of the Committee to suspend a covered trans-action under paragraph (1), to refer a covered transaction to the President under para-graph (2), or to negotiate, enter into or im-pose, or enforce any agreement or condition under paragraph (3)(A) with respect to a cov-ered transaction, shall be based on a risk- based analysis, conducted by the Committee, of the effects on the national security of the United States of the covered transaction, which shall include an assessment of the threat, vulnerabilities, and consequences to national security related to the transaction. ‘‘(B) A
CTIONS OF MEMBERS OF THE COM -
MITTEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any member of the Com-mittee who concludes that a covered trans-action poses an unresolved national security concern shall recommend to the Committee that the Committee suspend the transaction under paragraph (1), refer the transaction to the President under paragraph (2), or nego-tiate, enter into or impose, or enforce any agreement or condition under paragraph (3)(A) with respect to the transaction. In making that recommendation, the member shall propose or contribute to the risk-based analysis required by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) F
AILURE TO REACH CONSENSUS .—If the Committee fails to reach consensus with re-spect to a recommendation under clause (i) regarding a covered transaction, the mem-bers of the Committee who support an alter-native recommendation shall produce— ‘‘(I) a written statement justifying the al-ternative recommendation; and ‘‘(II) as appropriate, a risk-based analysis that supports the alternative recommenda-tion. ‘‘(C) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), the terms ‘threat’, ‘vulnerabilities’, and ‘consequences to na-tional security’ shall have the meanings given those terms by the Committee by regu-lation.’’; (6) in paragraph (5)(B), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(as defined in the National Security Act of 1947)’’; and (7) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; and (ii) by striking the second sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘The lead agency may, at its discretion, seek and receive the assist-ance of other departments or agencies in car-rying out the purposes of this paragraph.’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘
DESIGNATED AGENCY ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The lead agency in connection’’ and inserting ‘‘
DESIGNATED  
AGENCY .—The lead agency in connection’’; (ii) by striking clause (ii); and (iii) by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and by moving such clauses, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the left; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) COMPLIANCE PLANS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a covered transaction with respect to which an agree-ment is entered into under paragraph (3)(A), the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, shall formulate, adhere to, and keep updated a plan for monitoring compliance with the agreement. ‘‘(ii) E
LEMENTS .—Each plan required by clause (i) with respect to an agreement en-tered into under paragraph (3)(A) shall in-clude an explanation of— ‘‘(I) which member of the Committee will have primary responsibility for monitoring compliance with the agreement; ‘‘(II) how compliance with the agreement will be monitored; ‘‘(III) how frequently compliance reviews will be conducted; ‘‘(IV) whether an independent entity will be utilized under subparagraph (E) to con-duct compliance reviews; and ‘‘(V) what actions will be taken if the par-ties fail to cooperate regarding monitoring compliance with the agreement. ‘‘(D) E
FFECT OF LACK OF COMPLIANCE .—If, at any time after a mitigation agreement or condition is entered into or imposed under paragraph (3)(A), the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, determines that a party or parties to the agreement or condi-tion are not in compliance with the terms of the agreement or condition, the Committee or lead agency may, in addition to the au-thority of the Committee to impose pen-alties pursuant to subsection (h)(3) and to unilaterally initiate a review of any covered transaction under subsection (b)(1)(D)(iii)— ‘‘(i) negotiate a plan of action for the party or parties to remediate the lack of compli-ance, with failure to abide by the plan or otherwise remediate the lack of compliance serving as the basis for the Committee to find a material breach of the agreement or condition; ‘‘(ii) require that the party or parties sub-mit a written notice under clause (i) of sub-section (b)(1)(C) or a declaration under clause (v) of that subsection with respect to a covered transaction initiated after the date of the determination of noncompliance and before the date that is 5 years after the date of the determination to the Committee to initiate a review of the transaction under subsection (b); or ‘‘(iii) seek injunctive relief. ‘‘(E) U
SE OF INDEPENDENT ENTITIES TO MON -
ITOR COMPLIANCE .—If the parties to an agree-ment entered into under paragraph (3)(A) enter into a contract with an independent entity from outside the United States Gov-ernment for the purpose of monitoring com-pliance with the agreement, the Committee shall take such action as is necessary to pre-vent a conflict of interest from arising by en-suring that the independent entity owes no fiduciary duty to the parties. ‘‘(F) S
UCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS .—Any agree-ment or condition entered into or imposed under paragraph (3)(A) shall be considered binding on all successors and assigns unless and until the agreement or condition termi-nates on its own terms or is otherwise termi-nated by the Committee in its sole discre-tion. ‘‘(G) A
DDITIONAL COMPLIANCE MEASURES .— Subject to subparagraphs (A) through (F), the Committee shall develop and agree upon methods for evaluating compliance with any agreement entered into or condition imposed with respect to a covered transaction that will allow the Committee to adequately en-sure compliance without unnecessarily di-verting Committee resources from assessing any new covered transaction for which a written notice under clause (i) of subsection (b)(1)(C) or declaration under clause (v) of that subsection has been filed, and if nec-essary, reaching a mitigation agreement with or imposing a condition on a party to such covered transaction or any covered transaction for which a review has been re-opened for any reason.’’. SEC. 1718. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT AND OTHER REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT .—Sec- tion 721(m) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(m)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) A list of all notices filed and all re-views or investigations of covered trans-actions completed during the period, with— ‘‘(i) a description of the outcome of each review or investigation, including whether an agreement was entered into or condition was imposed under subsection (l)(3)(A) with respect to the transaction being reviewed or investigated, and whether the President took any action under this section with respect to that transaction; ‘‘(ii) basic information on each party to each such transaction; ‘‘(iii) the nature of the business activities or products of the United States business with which the transaction was entered into or intended to be entered into; and ‘‘(iv) information about any withdrawal from the process.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) Statistics on compliance plans con-ducted and actions taken by the Committee under subsection (l)(6), including subpara-graph (D) of that subsection, during that pe-riod, a general assessment of the compliance of parties with agreements entered into and conditions imposed under subsection (l)(3)(A) that are in effect during that period, includ-ing a description of any actions taken by the Committee to impose penalties or initiate a unilateral review pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(D)(iii), and any recommendations for improving the enforcement of such agree-ments and conditions. ‘‘(H) Cumulative and, as appropriate, trend information on the number of declarations filed under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v), the ac-tions taken by the Committee in response to those declarations, the business sectors in-volved in those declarations, and the coun-tries involved in those declarations. ‘‘(I) A description of— ‘‘(i) the methods used by the Committee to monitor non-notified and non-declared trans-actions under subsection (b)(1)(H); ‘‘(ii) potential methods to improve such monitoring and the resources required to do so; and ‘‘(iii) the number of transactions identified through the mechanism established under that subsection during the reporting period and the number of such transactions flagged for further review.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘
CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In order to as-sist’’ and inserting ‘‘
CRITICAL TECH -
NOLOGIES .—In order to assist’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (B); and (C) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesig-nated, 2 ems to the left; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) F
ORM OF REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—All appropriate portions of the annual report under paragraph (1) may be classified. An unclassified version of the report, as appropriate, consistent with safe-guarding national security and privacy, shall be made available to the public. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3501 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(B) I NCLUSIONS IN UNCLASSIFIED VERSION .— The unclassified version of the report re-quired under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to covered transactions for the reporting period— ‘‘(i) the number of notices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i); ‘‘(ii) the number of declarations submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) and the number of such declarations that were required under subclause (IV) of that subsection; ‘‘(iii) the number of declarations submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) for which the Committee required resubmission as notices under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i); ‘‘(iv) the average number of days that elapsed between submission of a declaration under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) and the accept-ance of the declaration by the Committee; ‘‘(v) information on the time it took the Committee to provide comments on, or to accept, notices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i), including— ‘‘(I) the average number of business days that elapsed between the date of submission of a draft notice and the date on which the Committee provided written comments on the draft notice; ‘‘(II) the average number of business days that elapsed between the date of submission of a final notice and the date on which the Committee accepted or provided written comments on the final notice; and ‘‘(III) if the average number of business days for a response by the Committee re-ported under subclause (I) or (II) exceeded 10 business days— ‘‘(aa) an explanation of the causes of such delays, including whether such delays are caused by resource shortages, unusual fluc-tuations in the volume of notices, trans-action characteristics, or other factors; and ‘‘(bb) an explanation of the steps that the Committee anticipates taking to mitigate the causes of such delays and otherwise to improve the ability of the Committee to pro-vide comments on, or to accept, notices within 10 business days; ‘‘(vi) the number of reviews or investiga-tions conducted under subsection (b); ‘‘(vii) the number of investigations that were subject to an extension under sub-section (b)(2)(C)(ii); ‘‘(viii) information on the duration of those reviews and investigations, including the average number of days required to com-plete those reviews and investigations; ‘‘(ix) the number of notices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i) and declarations submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) that were rejected by the Committee; ‘‘(x) the number of such notices and dec-larations that were withdrawn by a party to the covered transaction; ‘‘(xi) the number of such withdrawals that were followed by the submission of a subse-quent such notice or declaration relating to a substantially similar covered transaction; and ‘‘(xii) such other specific, cumulative, or trend information that the Committee deter-mines is advisable to provide for an assess-ment of the time required for reviews and in-vestigations of covered transactions under this section.’’. (b) R
EPORT ON CHINESE INVESTMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter through 2026, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to Congress and the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States a report on foreign direct investment transactions made by entities of the People’s Republic of China in the United States. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Total foreign direct investment from the People’s Republic of China in the United States, including total foreign direct invest-ment disaggregated by ultimate beneficial owner. (B) A breakdown of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States by value using the following cat-egories: (i) Less than $50,000,000. (ii) Greater than or equal to $50,000,000 and less than $100,000,000. (iii) Greater than or equal to $100,000,000 and less than $1,000,000,000. (iv) Greater than or equal to $1,000,000,000 and less than $2,000,000,000. (v) Greater than or equal to $2,000,000,000 and less than $5,000,000,000. (vi) Greater than or equal to $5,000,000,000. (C) A breakdown of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States by 2-digit North American Industry Classification System code. (D) A breakdown of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States by investment type, using the fol-lowing categories: (i) Businesses established. (ii) Businesses acquired. (E) A breakdown of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States by government and non-government investments, including volume, sector, and type of investment within each category. (F) A list of companies incorporated in the United States purchased through govern-ment investment by the People’s Republic of China. (G) The number of United States affiliates of entities under the jurisdiction of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, the total employees at those affiliates, and the valuation for any publicly traded United States affiliate of such an entity. (H) An analysis of patterns in the invest-ments described in subparagraphs (A) through (F), including in volume, type, and sector, and the extent to which those pat-terns of investments align with the objec-tives outlined by the Government of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China in its Made in China 2025 plan, including a comparative analysis of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States and all foreign di-rect investment in the United States. (I) An identification of any limitations on the ability of the Secretary of Commerce to collect comprehensive information that is reasonably and lawfully available about for-eign investment in the United States from the People’s Republic of China on a timeline necessary to complete reports every 2 years as required by paragraph (1), including— (i) an identification of any discrepancies between government and private sector esti-mates of investments from the People’s Re-public of China in the United States; (ii) a description of the different meth-odologies or data collection methods, includ-ing by private sector entities, used to meas-ure foreign investment that may result in different estimates; and (iii) recommendations for enhancing the ability of the Secretary of Commerce to im-prove data collection of information about foreign investment in the United States from the People’s Republic of China. (3) EXTENSION OF DEADLINE .—If, as a result of a limitation identified under paragraph (2)(I), the Secretary of Commerce determines that the Secretary will be unable to submit a report at the time required by paragraph (1), the Secretary may request additional time to complete the report. (c) R
EPORT ON CERTAIN INVESTMENTS BY  S
TATE -OWNED OR STATE -CONTROLLED ENTI-
TIES.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, an appropriate member or members of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States shall, in coordination with the chairperson of the Committee, submit to Congress a report assessing— (A) national security threats related to in-vestments in the United States by state- owned or state-controlled entities in the manufacture or assembly of rolling stock or other assets for use in freight rail, public transportation, or intercity passenger rail systems, including the construction of new facilities; (B) how the number and types of such in-vestments could affect any such threats; and (C) the authority and ability of the Com-mittee to respond to such threats. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—The member or mem-bers of the Committee on Foreign Invest-ment in the United States preparing the re-port required by paragraph (1) shall consult with the Secretary of Transportation and the head of any agency that is not rep-resented on the Committee that has signifi-cant technical expertise related to the as-sessments required by paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1719. CERTIFICATION OF NOTICES AND IN-FORMATION. 
Section 721(n) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(n)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so re-designated, 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘Each notice’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each notice’’; (3) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)(B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (6)(B)’’; (4) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’; (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO SUBMIT .—The Committee may not complete a review under this section of a covered transaction and may recommend to the President that the President suspend or prohibit the trans-action or require divestment under sub-section (d) if the Committee determines that a party to the transaction has— ‘‘(A) failed to submit a statement required by paragraph (1); or ‘‘(B) included false or misleading informa-tion in a notice or information described in paragraph (1) or omitted material informa-tion from such notice or information. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABILITY OF LAW ON FRAUD AND  
FALSE STATEMENTS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations expressly providing for the application of section 1001 of title 18, United States Code, to all information pro-vided to the Committee under this section by any party to a covered transaction.’’. 
SEC. 1720. IMPLEMENTATION PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and the Sec-retary of Commerce shall, in consultation with the appropriate members of the Com-mittee— (1) develop plans to implement this title; and (2) submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the plans developed under paragraph (1), which shall include a description of— (A) the timeline and process to implement the provisions of, and amendments made by, this title; (B) any additional staff necessary to imple-ment the plans; and (C) the resources required to effectively implement the plans. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3502 June 11, 2018 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1721. ASSESSMENT OF NEED FOR ADDI-TIONAL RESOURCES FOR COM-MITTEE. 
The President shall— (1) determine whether and to what extent the expansion of the responsibilities of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States pursuant to the amendments made by this title necessitates additional re-sources for the Committee and the depart-ments and agencies represented on the Com-mittee to perform their functions under sec-tion 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by this title; and (2) if the President determines that addi-tional resources are necessary, include in the budget of the President for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a request for such addi-tional resources. 
SEC. 1722. FUNDING. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF FUND .—There is es-tablished in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States Fund’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the chairperson. ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATION OF FUNDS FOR THE COM -
MITTEE .—There are authorized to be appro-priated to the Fund such sums as may be necessary to perform the functions of the Committee. ‘‘(3) F
ILING FEES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee may as-sess and collect a fee in an amount deter-mined by the Committee in regulations, to the extent provided in advance in appropria-tions Acts, without regard to section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, and subject to subparagraph (B), with respect to each cov-ered transaction for which a written notice is submitted to the Committee under sub-section (b)(1)(C)(i). The total amount of fees collected under this paragraph may not ex-ceed the costs of administering this section. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF FEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In determining the amount of the fee to be assessed under sub-paragraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction, the Committee shall base the amount of the fee on the value of the trans-action, taking into consideration— ‘‘(I) the effect of the fee on small business concerns (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); ‘‘(II) the expenses of the Committee associ-ated with conducting activities under this section; ‘‘(III) the effect of the fee on foreign in-vestment; and ‘‘(IV) such other matters as the Committee considers appropriate. ‘‘(ii) P
RIORITIZATION FEE .—The Committee may establish a fee or fee scale to prioritize the timing of the response of the Committee to a draft or final written notice during the period before the Committee accepts the final written notice under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i), in the event that the Committee is unable to respond during the time required by subclause (II) of that subsection because of an unusually large influx of notices, or for other reasons. ‘‘(iii) UPDATES .—The Committee shall peri-odically reconsider and adjust the amount of the fee to be assessed under subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction to en-sure that the amount of the fee does not ex-ceed the costs of administering this section and otherwise remains appropriate. ‘‘(C) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES .— Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, fees collected under sub-paragraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) be deposited into the Fund solely for use in carrying out activities under this sec-tion; ‘‘(ii) to the extent and in the amounts pro-vided in advance in appropriations Acts, be available to the chairperson; ‘‘(iii) remain available until expended; and ‘‘(iv) be in addition to any appropriations made available to the members of the Com-mittee. ‘‘(4) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—To the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the chairperson may transfer any amounts in the Fund to any other department or agency represented on the Committee for the purpose of addressing emerging needs in car-rying out activities under this section. Amounts so transferred shall be in addition to any other amounts available to that de-partment or agency for that purpose.’’. 
SEC. 1723. CENTRALIZATION OF CERTAIN COM-MITTEE FUNCTIONS. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by section 1722, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) C
ENTRALIZATION OF CERTAIN COM-
MITTEE FUNCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The chairperson, in con-sultation with the Committee, may cen-tralize certain functions of the Committee within the Department of the Treasury for the purpose of enhancing interagency coordi-nation and collaboration in carrying out the functions of the Committee under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—Functions that may be centralized under paragraph (1) include mon-itoring non-notified and non-declared trans-actions pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(H), and other functions as determined by the chair-person and the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting the authority of any department or agency represented on the Committee to represent its own interests before the Committee.’’. 
SEC. 1724. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by this title, is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(D)(iii)(I), by striking ‘‘subsection (l)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (l)(3)(A)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B)(i)(I), by striking ‘‘that threat’’ and inserting ‘‘the risk’’; (2) in subsection (d)(4)(A), by striking ‘‘the foreign interest exercising control’’ and in-serting ‘‘a foreign person that would acquire an interest in a United States business or its assets as a result of the covered trans-action’’; and (3) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘merger, acquisition, or takeover’’ and inserting ‘‘transaction’’. 
SEC. 1725. REQUIREMENTS TO IDENTIFY AND CONTROL THE EXPORT OF EMERG-ING AND FOUNDATIONAL TECH-NOLOGIES. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF TECHNOLOGIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall estab-lish and, in coordination with the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate, lead, a regular, ongoing inter-agency process to identify emerging and foundational technologies that— (A) are essential to the national security of the United States; and (B) are not critical technologies described in clauses (i) through (v) of section 721(a)(8)(B) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703. (2) PROCESS .—The interagency process es-tablished under subsection (a) shall— (A) be informed by multiple sources of in-formation, including— (i) publicly available information; (ii) classified information, including rel-evant information provided by the Director of National Intelligence; (iii) information relating to reviews and investigations of transactions by the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States under section 721 of the Defense Pro-duction Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565); and (iv) information provided by the advisory committees established by the Secretary of Commerce to advise the Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security on con-trols under the Export Administration Regu-lations, including the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee; (B) take into account— (i) the development of emerging and foundational technologies in foreign coun-tries; (ii) the effect export controls imposed pur-suant to this section may have on the devel-opment of such technologies in the United States; and (iii) the effectiveness of export controls imposed pursuant to this section on limiting the proliferation of emerging and foundational technologies to foreign coun-tries; and (C) include a notice and comment period. (b) C
OMMERCE CONTROLS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Com-merce shall establish appropriate controls under the Export Administration Regula-tions on the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of technology identified pursuant to subsection (a), including by prescribing addi-tional regulations. (2) L
EVELS OF CONTROL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Com-merce may, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, specify the level of control to apply under paragraph (1) with respect to the export of technology described in that para-graph, including a requirement for a license or other authorization for the export, reex-port, or in-country transfer of that tech-nology. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining under subparagraph (A) the level of control appro-priate for technology described in paragraph (1), the Secretary of Commerce shall take into account— (i) lists of countries to which exports from the United States are restricted; and (ii) the potential end uses and end users of the technology. (C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—At a min-imum, except as provided by paragraph (4), the Secretary of Commerce shall require a li-cense for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of technology described in para-graph (1) to or in a country subject to an em-bargo, including an arms embargo, imposed by the United States. (3) R
EVIEW OF LICENSE APPLICATIONS .— (A) P
ROCEDURES .—The procedures set forth in Executive Order 12981 (50 U.S.C. 4603 note; relating to administration of export con-trols) or a successor order shall apply to the review of an application for a license or other authorization for the export, reexport, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3503 June 11, 2018 
or in-country transfer of technology de-scribed in paragraph (1). (B) C
ONSIDERATION OF INFORMATION RELAT -
ING TO NATIONAL SECURITY .—In reviewing an application for a license or other authoriza-tion for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of technology described in para-graph (1), the Secretary of Commerce shall take into account information provided by the Director of National Intelligence regard-ing any threat to the national security of the United States posed by the proposed export, reexport, or transfer. The Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall provide such infor-mation on the request of the Secretary of Commerce. (C) D
ISCLOSURES RELATING TO COLLABO -
RATIVE ARRANGEMENTS .—In the case of an ap-plication for a license or other authorization for the export, reexport, or in-country trans-fer of technology described in paragraph (1) submitted by or on behalf of a joint venture, joint development agreement, or similar col-laborative arrangement, the Secretary of Commerce may require the applicant to identify, in addition to any foreign person participating in the arrangement, any for-eign person with significant ownership inter-est in a foreign person participating in the arrangement. (4) E
XCEPTIONS .— (A) M
ANDATORY EXCEPTIONS .—The Sec-retary of Commerce may not control under this subsection the export of any tech-nology— (i) described in section 203(b) of the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702(b)); or (ii) if the regulation of the export of that technology is prohibited under any other provision of law. (B) R
EGULATORY EXCEPTIONS .—In pre- scribing regulations under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Commerce may include regu-latory exceptions to the requirements of that paragraph. (C) A
DDITIONAL EXCEPTIONS .—The Sec-retary of Commerce shall not be required to impose under paragraph (1) a requirement for a license or other authorization with respect to the export, reexport, or in-country trans-fer of technology described in paragraph (1) pursuant to any of the following trans-actions: (i) The sale or license of a finished item and the provision of associated technology if the United States person that is a party to the transaction generally makes the finished item and associated technology available to its customers, distributors, or resellers. (ii) The sale or license to a customer of a product and the provision of integration services or similar services if the United States person that is a party to the trans-action generally makes such services avail-able to its customers. (iii) The transfer of equipment and the pro-vision of associated technology to operate the equipment if the transfer could not re-sult in the foreign person using the equip-ment to produce critical technologies (as de-fined in section 721(a) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703). (iv) The procurement by the United States person that is a party to the transaction of goods or services, including manufacturing services, from a foreign person that is a party to the transaction, if the foreign per-son has no rights to exploit any technology contributed by the United States person other than to supply the procured goods or services. (v) Any contribution and associated sup-port by a United States person that is a party to the transaction to an industry orga-nization related to a standard or specifica-tion, whether in development or declared, in-cluding any license of or commitment to li-cense intellectual property in compliance with the rules of any standards organization (as defined by the Secretary by regulation). (c) MULTILATERAL CONTROLS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Com-merce and the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appro-priate, may propose that any technology identified pursuant to subsection (a) be added to the list of technologies controlled by the relevant multilateral export control regimes. (2) I
TEMS ON COMMERCE CONTROL LIST OR  
UNITED STATES MUNITIONS LIST .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of State proposes to a multilateral export control re-gime under paragraph (1) to add a technology identified pursuant to subsection (a) to the control list of that regime and that regime does not add that technology to the control list during the 3-year period beginning on the date of the proposal, the applicable agen-cy head may determine whether national se-curity concerns warrant the continuation of unilateral export controls with respect to that technology. (B) A
PPLICABLE AGENCY HEAD DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘applicable agency head’’ means— (i) in the case of technology listed on the Commerce Control List set forth in Supple-ment No. 1 to part 774 of the Export Adminis-tration Regulations, the Secretary of Com-merce, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State; and (ii) in the case of technology listed on the United States Munitions List set forth in part 121 of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate. (d) R
EPORT TO COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN IN-
VESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES .—Not less frequently than every 180 days, the Sec-retary of Commerce, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agen-cies, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States a report on the results of ac-tions taken pursuant to this section. (e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not less fre-quently than every 180 days, the Secretary of Commerce, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, shall submit a report on the re-sults of actions taken pursuant to this sec-tion, including actions taken pursuant to subsections (a), (b), and (c), to— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-eign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (f) M
ODIFICATIONS TO EMERGING TECH-
NOLOGY AND RESEARCH ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Com-merce shall revise the objectives of the Emerging Technology and Research Advi-sory Committee, established by the Sec-retary under the Export Administration Reg-ulations, to include advising the interagency process established under subsection (a) with respect to emerging and foundational tech-nologies. (2) D
UTIES .—The Secretary— (A) shall revise the duties of the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Com-mittee to include identifying emerging and foundational technologies that may be devel-oped over a period of 5 years or 10 years; and (B) may revise the duties of the Advisory Committee to include identifying trends in— (i) the ownership by foreign persons and foreign governments of such technologies; (ii) the types of transactions related to such technologies engaged in by foreign per-sons and foreign governments; (iii) the blending of private and govern-ment investment in such technologies; and (iv) efforts to obfuscate ownership of such technologies or to otherwise circumvent the controls established under this section. (3) MEETINGS .— (A) F
REQUENCY .—The Emerging Tech-nology and Research Advisory Committee should meet not less frequently than every 120 days. (B) A
TTENDANCE .—A representative from each agency participating in the interagency process established under subsection (a) should be in attendance at each meeting of the Emerging Technology and Research Ad-visory Committee. (4) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Not fewer than half of the members of the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Com-mittee should hold sufficient security clear-ances such that classified information, in-cluding classified information described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of subsection (a)(2)(A), from the interagency process established under subsection (a) can be shared with those members to inform the advice provided by the Advisory Committee. (5) A
PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT .—Subsections (a)(1), (a)(3), and (b) of section 10 and sections 11, 13, and 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Com-mittee. (6) R
EPORT .—The Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee shall in-clude the findings of the Advisory Com-mittee under this subsection in the annual report to Congress required by section 14 of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4616) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). (g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to alter or limit— (1) the authority of the President or the Secretary of State to designate items as de-fense articles and defense services for the purposes of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) or to otherwise regulate such items; or (2) the authority of the President under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Act of 1978 (22 U.S.C. 3201 et seq.), the Energy Reor-ganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5801 et seq.), or the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) or any other provision of law relating to the control of exports. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
XPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS .— The term ‘‘Export Administration Regula-tions’’ means subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) I
N-COUNTRY TRANSFER .—The term ‘‘in- country transfer’’ has the meaning given to the term in the Export Administration Regu-lations. (3) R
EEXPORT .—The term ‘‘reexport’’ has the meaning given to the term in the Export Administration Regulations. (4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means any person subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3504 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 1726. EXPORT CONTROL ENFORCEMENT AU-THORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITIES .—In order to enforce the provisions of the Export Administration Regulations under subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, issued under the authority of the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (pursuant to which the President has continued in effect authorities granted under the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.)), the Presi-dent shall delegate to the Secretary of Com-merce, in addition to existing authorities, the authority to authorize any law enforce-ment officer of the Department of Commerce to conduct investigations (including under-cover investigations) in the United States and in other countries when permitted under such countries’ laws using all applicable laws of the United States. (b) B
ESTPRACTICE GUIDELINES .—The Sec- retary of Commerce, in consultation with the heads of appropriate Federal agencies, may publish and update best practices guide-lines to assist persons in developing and im-plementing, on a voluntary basis, effective export control programs in compliance with the Export Administration Regulations. (c) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .— (1) E
XEMPTIONS FROM DISCLOSURE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Information obtained under the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) may be withheld from disclosure only to the extent permitted by statute, except that in-formation described in subparagraph (B) shall be withheld from public disclosure and shall not be subject to disclosure under sec-tion 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, unless the release of such information is de-termined by the Secretary to be in the na-tional interest. (B) I
NFORMATION DESCRIBED .—Information described in this subparagraph is informa-tion submitted or obtained in connection with an application for a license or other au-thorization to export, reexport, or transfer items or engage in other activities, a record-keeping or reporting requirement, enforce-ment activity, or other operations under the Export Administration Act of 1979, includ-ing— (i) the license application, license, or other authorization itself; (ii) classification or advisory opinion re-quests, and any response to such a request; (iii) license determinations and informa-tion pertaining to such determinations; (iv) information or evidence obtained in the course of any investigation; and (v) information obtained or furnished in connection with any international agree-ment, treaty, or other obligation. (2) I
NFORMATION TO CONGRESS AND GAO .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing the with-holding of information from Congress or the Comptroller General of the United States. (B) A
VAILABILITY TO CONGRESS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Information obtained at any time under any provision of the Export Administration Act of 1979 or the Export Ad-ministration Regulations, including reports or license applications required under any such provision, shall be made available to a committee or subcommittee of Congress of appropriate jurisdiction, upon the request of the chairman or ranking member of the com-mittee or subcommittee. (ii) P
ROHIBITION ON FURTHER DISCLOSURE .— No committee or subcommittee referred to in clause (i), or member thereof, may dis-close any information made available under clause (i) that is submitted on a confidential basis unless the full committee determines that the withholding of that information is contrary to the national interest. (C) AVAILABILITY TO GAO .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Information described in subparagraph (B)(i) shall be subject to the limitations contained in section 716 of title 31, United States Code. (ii) P
ROHIBITION ON FURTHER DISCLOSURE .— An officer or employee of the Government Accountability Office may not disclose, ex-cept to Congress in accordance with this paragraph, any information described in sub-paragraph (B)(i) that is submitted on a con-fidential basis or from which any individual can be identified. (3) I
NFORMATION SHARING .— (A) E
XCHANGE OF INFORMATION .—The heads of departments, agencies, and offices with enforcement authorities under the Export Administration Act of 1979, consistent with protection of law enforcement and its sources and methods, shall exchange any li-censing and enforcement information with one another that is necessary to facilitate enforcement efforts under this section, and shall consult on a regular basis with one an-other and with the heads of other depart-ments, agencies, and offices that obtain in-formation subject to this paragraph, in order to facilitate the exchange of such informa-tion. (B) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION BY FEDERAL  
OFFICIALS .—Any Federal official who obtains information that is relevant to the enforce-ment of the Export Administration Act of 1979, including information pertaining to any investigation, shall furnish such information to each appropriate department, agency, or office with enforcement responsibilities under this section to the extent consistent with the protection of intelligence, counter-intelligence, and law enforcement sources, methods, and activities. (C) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to information subject to the restrictions set forth in sec-tion 9 of title 13, United States Code. Return information, as defined in section 6103(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, may be disclosed only as authorized by that section. (D) I
NFORMATION SHARING WITH FEDERAL  
AGENCIES .—Licensing or enforcement infor-mation obtained under the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 may be shared with heads of departments, agencies, and offices that do not have enforcement authorities under that Act on a case-by-case basis, at the discretion of the Secretary of Commerce. Such infor-mation may be shared only when the Sec-retary makes a determination that the shar-ing of the information is in the national in-terest. 
SEC. 1727. PROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION OF CIVIL PENALTIES UNDER EXPORT CONTROL AND SANCTIONS LAWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Executive Office of the President may not modify any civil penalty, including a denial order, imple-mented by the Government of the United States with respect to a Chinese tele-communications company pursuant to a de-termination that the company has violated an export control or sanctions law of the United States until the date that is 30 days after the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the company— (1) has not, for a period of one year, con-ducted activities in violation of the laws of the United States; and (2) is fully cooperating with investigations into the activities of the company conducted by the Government of the United States, if any. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. SEC. 1728. UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INDUSTRY AND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, any reference in the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) or any other law or regu-lation to the Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration shall be deemed to be a reference to the Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security. (b) T
ITLE 5.—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Adminis-tration’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security’’. (c) C
ONTINUATION IN OFFICE .—The indi-vidual serving as Under Secretary of Com-merce for Export Administration on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as the Under Secretary of Com-merce for Industry and Security on and after that date without the need for renomination or reappointment. 
SEC. 1729. LIMITATION ON CANCELLATION OF DESIGNATION OF SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EXECUTIVE AGENT FOR A CERTAIN DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACT PROGRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION ON CANCELLATION OF DES-
IGNATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not implement the decision, issued on July 1, 2017, to cancel the designation, under De-partment of Defense Directive 4400.01E, enti-tled ‘‘Defense Production Act Programs’’ and dated October 12, 2001, of the Secretary of the Air Force as the Department of Defense Executive Agent for the program carried out under title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4531 et seq.) until the date specified in subsection (c). (b) D
ESIGNATION .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall continue to serve as the sole and exclusive Department of Defense Executive Agent for the program described in sub-section (a) until the date specified in sub-section (c). (c) D
ATESPECIFIED .—The date specified in this subsection is the date of the enactment of a joint resolution or an Act approving the implementation of the decision described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 1730. REVIEW OF AND REPORT ON CERTAIN DEFENSE TECHNOLOGIES CRITICAL TO THE UNITED STATES MAINTAIN-ING SUPERIOR MILITARY CAPABILI-TIES. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Air Force Research Laboratory, the Defense Advanced Projects Research Agency, and such other appropriate research entities as the Secretary and the Director may iden-tify, shall— (1) jointly carry out and complete a review of key national security technology capa-bility advantages, competitions, and gaps be-tween the United States and ‘‘near peer’’ na-tions; (2) develop a definition of ‘‘near peer na-tion’’ for purposes of paragraph (1); and (3) submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the findings of the Secretary and the Director with respect to the review conducted under paragraph (1). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review conducted under paragraph (1) of subsection (a), and the report required by paragraph (3) of that sub-section, shall identify, at a minimum, the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3505 June 11, 2018 
(1) Key United States industries and re-search and development activities expected to be critical to maintaining a national secu-rity technology capability if, during the 5- year period beginning on the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary and the Director anticipate that— (A) a United States industrial base short-fall will exist; and (B) United States industry will be unable to or otherwise will not provide the needed capacity in a timely manner without finan-cial assistance from the United States Gov-ernment through existing statutory authori-ties specifically intended for that purpose, including assistance provided under title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4531 et seq.) and other appropriate au-thorities. (2) Key areas in which the United States currently enjoys a technological advantage. (3) Key areas in which the United States no longer enjoys a technological advantage. (4) Sectors of the defense industrial base in which the United States lacks adequate pro-ductive capacity to meet critical national defense needs. (5) Priority areas for which appropriate statutory industrial base incentives should be applied as the most cost-effective, expe-dient, and practical alternative for meeting the technology or defense industrial base needs identified under this subsection, in-cluding— (A) sustainment of critical production and supply chain capabilities; (B) commercialization of research and de-velopment investments; (C) scaling of emerging technologies; and (D) other areas as determined by the Sec-retary and the Director. (6) Priority funding recommendations with respect to key areas that the Secretary, in consultation with the Director, determines are— (A) critical to the United States maintain-ing superior military capabilities, especially with respect to potential peer and near peer military or economic competitors, during the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) suitable for long-term investment from funds made available under title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950 and other ap-propriate statutory authorities. (c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a)(3) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1731. BRIEFING ON INFORMATION FROM TRANSACTIONS REVIEWED BY COM-MITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES RELATING TO FOREIGN EFFORTS TO INFLU-ENCE DEMOCRATIC INSTITUTIONS AND PROCESSES. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury (or a designee of the Secretary) shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives on— (1) transactions reviewed by the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States during the 5-year period preceding the briefing that the Committee determined would have allowed foreign persons to inap-propriately influence democratic institu-tions and processes within the United States and in other countries; and (2) the disposition of such reviews, includ-ing any steps taken by the Committee to ad-dress the risk of allowing foreign persons to influence such institutions and processes. SEC. 1732. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I MMEDIATE APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN  P
ROVISIONS .—The following shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to any covered trans-action the review or investigation of which is initiated under section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 on or after such date of enactment: (1) Sections 1705, 1707, 1708, 1709, 1710, 1713, 1714, 1715, 1716, 1717, 1719, 1720, 1721, 1722, 1723, 1724, 1725, 1726, 1727, 1728, and 1729 and the amendments made by those sections. (2) Section 1712 and the amendments made by that section (except for clause (iii) of sec-tion 721(b)(4)(A) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as added by section 1712). (3) Paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (5)(A)(i), (5)(B)(i), (5)(B)(iv)(I), (5)(B)(v), (5)(C)(v), (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), (11), (12), (13), (14), (15), (16), and (17) of subsection (a) of section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703. (4) Section 721(m)(4) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950, as amended by section 1718 (except for clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), and (v) of subparagraph (B) of that section). (b) D
ELAYED APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN  P
ROVISIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any provision of or amendment made by this title not specified in subsection (a) shall— (A) take effect on the date that is 30 days after publication in the Federal Register of a determination by the chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States that the regulations, organiza-tional structure, personnel, and other re-sources necessary to administer the new pro-visions are in place; and (B) apply with respect to any covered transaction the review or investigation of which is initiated under section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 on or after the date described in subparagraph (A). (2) N
ONDELEGATION OF DETERMINATION .— The determination of the chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States under paragraph (1)(A) may not be delegated. (c) A
UTHORIZATION FOR PILOT PROGRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date described in subsection (b)(1)(A), the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States may, at its discretion, conduct one or more pilot programs to implement any authority provided pursuant to any pro-vision of or amendment made by this title not specified in subsection (a). (2) PUBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .—A pilot program may not commence until the date that is 30 days after publication in the Federal Register of a determination by the chairperson of the Committee of the scope of and procedures for the pilot program. That determination may not be delegated. 
SEC. 1733. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this title or an amend-ment made by this title, or the application of such a provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid, the application of that provision or amend-ment to other persons or circumstances and the remainder of the provisions of this title and the amendments made by this title, shall not be affected thereby. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
SEC. 2002. EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND AMOUNTS REQUIRED TO BE SPECI-FIED BY LAW. 
(a) E XPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AFTER  T
HREE YEARS .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), all authorizations contained in titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX for military construction projects, land acquisi-tion, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program (and authorizations of appropria-tions therefor) shall expire on the later of— (1) October 1, 2023; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2024. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to authorizations for military con-struction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contribu-tions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion Security Investment Program (and au-thorizations of appropriations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obli-gated before the later of— (1) October 1, 2023; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for fiscal year 2024 for mili-tary construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, or contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program. 
SEC. 2003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX shall take effect on the later of— (1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations in-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Inside the United States 
State Installation Amount 
Alabama ............................................. Anniston Army Depot ........................................................ ......................................... $5,200,000 
California ............................................ Fort Irwin ............................................................... .................................................... $29,000,000 
Colorado ............................................. Fort Carson ............................................................... .................................................. $77,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3506 June 11, 2018 
Army: Inside the United States—Continued 
State Installation Amount 
Georgia ............................................... Fort Gordon .............................................................. .................................................. $99,000,000 
Hawaii ................................................ Wheeler Army Airfield .................................................... ............................................ $50,000,000 
Indiana ............................................... Crane Army Ammunition Activity ........................................... .................................. $16,000,000 
Kentucky ............................................ Fort Campbell .............................................................. ............................................... $50,000,000 
Fort Knox ................................................................................................................... $26 ,000,000 
New Jersey ......................................... Picatinny Arsenal ........................................................... ............................................ $41,000,000 
New Mexico ......................................... White Sands Missile Range ................................................... ...................................... $40,000,000 
New York ............................................ West Point Military Reservation ............................................ .................................... $160,000,000 
North Carolina .................................... Fort Bragg ................................................................... ............................................... $10,000,000 
South Carolina ................................... Fort Jackson .................................................................. ............................................. $52,000,000 
Texas .................................................. Fort Bliss .............................................................. ...................................................... $24,000,000 
Fort Hood .................................................................................................................... $9 ,600,000 
Virginia .............................................. Arlington National Cemetery Southern Expansion ........................... ......................... $30,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Installation Amount 
Germany .................................................... East Camp Grafenwoehr ............................................... ....................................... $31,000,000 
Honduras ................................................... Soto Cano Air Base .................................................. ............................................ $21,000,000 
Korea ......................................................... Camp Tango ....................................................... .................................................. $17,500,000 
Kuwait ....................................................... Camp Arifjan ...................................................... ................................................. $44,000,000 
SEC. 2102. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or acquire family hous-ing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Army: Family Housing 
State/Country Installation or Location Units Amount 
Italy ................................... Vicenza .............................................................................. Fa mily Housing New Construc-tion. $95,134,000 
Korea .................................. Camp Walker ..................................................................... Family H ousing Replacement Construction. $68,000,000 
Puerto Rico ........................ Fort Buchanan ................................................................... Family Housi ng Replacement Construction. $26,000,000 
Wisconsin Fort McCoy ........................................................................ Family Housing New Construc- tion. $6,200,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and avail-able for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may carry out ar-chitectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of fam-ily housing units in an amount not to exceed $18,326,000. 
SEC. 2103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, ARMY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2101 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2104. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the au-thorization set forth in the table in sub-section (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (128 Stat. 3670), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2019, or the date of the en-actment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-tary construction for fiscal year 2020, which-ever is later. (b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-section (a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ..................... Military Ocean Terminal, Concord ............... Access Control Point ............................. ....... $9,900,000 
Japan ............................ Kadena Air Base ........................................... Missile Magazine .................... ...................... $10,600,000 
SEC. 2105. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1145) the author-ization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (129 Stat. 1146), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2023, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military con-struction for fiscal year 2024, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-section (a) is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3507 June 11, 2018 
Army: Extension of 2016 Project Authorization 
Virginia .............................................................. Arlington Cemetery (DAR) ................................. ........................................ $60,000,000 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2201. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations in-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Arizona ............................................... Camp Navajo .............................................................. ................................................. $14,800,000 
California ............................................ Camp Pendleton ........................................................... ............................................... $199,630,000 
Coronado ..................................................................................................................... $7 7,780,000 
Lemoore ...................................................................................................................... $1 12,690,000 
Miramar ...................................................................................................................... $3 1,980,000 
Point Mugu ................................................................................................................. $22, 150,000 
San Diego .................................................................................................................... $1 56,540,000 
San Nicolas Island ...................................................................................................... $31,010 ,000 
Seal Beach .................................................................................................................. $13 9,630,000 
District of Columbia .......................... Naval Observatory ................................................................ ...................................... $115,600,000 
Florida ................................................ Mayport ................................................................. ..................................................... $111,460,000 
Naval Air Station Whiting Field ................................................................................ $10,000,000 
Georgia ............................................... Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany ....................................... ................................... $31,900,000 
Hawaii ................................................. Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .......................................... ...................................... $45,000,000 
Kaneohe Bay ............................................................................................................... $66,1 00,000 
Pearl City ................................................................................................................... $7 8,320,000 
Maine .................................................. Kittery ................................................................. ....................................................... $149,685,000 
Mississippi .......................................... Naval Construction Battalion Center ....................................... .................................. $22,300,000 
North Carolina .................................... Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station ........................................ .............................. $240,830,000 
Camp Lejeune ............................................................................................................. $51,30 0,000 
Pennsylvania ...................................... Philadelphia ................................................................. ............................................... $71,050,000 
South Carolina ................................... Beaufort ...................................................................... ................................................ $15,817,000 
Parris Island ............................................................................................................... $35 ,190,000 
Utah .................................................... Hill Air Force Base .................................................... ................................................. $105,520,000 
Virginia .............................................. Portsmouth ............................................................... .................................................. $26,120,000 
Quantico ..................................................................................................................... $1 3,100,000 
Washington ......................................... Bangor ...................................................................... .................................................. $88,960,000 
Whidbey Island ........................................................................................................... $27,38 0,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Bahamas .................................................. Andros Island ......................................................... .................................................. $31,050,000 
Bahrain Island ......................................... SW Asia ................................................................. .................................................. $26,340,000 
Cuba ........................................................ Guantanamo Bay ..................................................... ................................................ $85,000,000 
Germany .................................................. Panzer Kaserne ........................................................ ................................................ $43,950,000 
Guam ....................................................... Joint Region Marianas ............................................... ............................................. $279,657,000 
Japan ....................................................... Kadena Air Base .................................................... .................................................. $9,049,000 
SEC. 2202. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or acquire family hous-ing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installation or location, in the number of units, and in the amount set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Family Housing 
State Installation or Location Units Amount 
Guam .................................. Joint Region Marianas ...................................................... Replace Anders en Housing PH III $83,441,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and avail-able for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may carry out ar-chitectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of fam-ily housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,502,000. 
SEC. 2203. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $16,638,000. SEC. 2204. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NAVY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military construction, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3508 June 11, 2018 
land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2201 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2301. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military con-struction projects for the installations or lo-cations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ......................................................................... Eielson Air Force Base .......................... ......................................... $63,800,000 
Arizona ........................................................................ Davis-Monthan Air Force Base .................... ................................... $15,000,000 
Luke Air Force Base ....................................................................... $40,000,000 
Florida ......................................................................... Eglin Air Force Base ........................... ............................................ $62,863,000 
MacDill Air Force Base ................................................................... $3,100,000 
Maryland ..................................................................... Joint Base Andrews ................................ ........................................ $50,000,000 
Massachusetts ............................................................. Hanscom Air Force Base ............................... .................................. $225,000,000 
Nebraska ...................................................................... Offutt Air Force Base ............................ ......................................... $9,500,000 
Nevada ......................................................................... Creech Air Force Base ........................... ......................................... $59,000,000 
Nellis Air Force Base ...................................................................... $5,900,000 
New Mexico .................................................................. Holloman Air Force Base ............................ .................................... $85,000,000 
Kirtland Air Force Base .................................................................. $7,000,000 
New York ..................................................................... Rome Lab .......................................... .............................................. $14,200,000 
North Dakota ............................................................. Minot Air Force Base .................................. .................................... $66,000,000 
Ohio ............................................................................. Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ............... .................................... $116,100,000 
Oklahoma .................................................................... Altus Air Force Base ............................... ....................................... $12,000,000 
Tinker Air Force Base .................................................................... $166,000,000 
South Carolina ............................................................ Shaw Air Force Base .................................. ..................................... $53,000,000 
Utah ............................................................................. Hill Air Force Base ........................... .............................................. $26,000,000 
Washington .................................................................. White Bluff ........................................ ............................................. $14,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military con-struction projects for the installations or lo-cations outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Guam ........................................................................... Joint Region Marianas ........................... ........................................ $9,800,000 
Mariana Islands-Tinian ............................................... Tinian .................................................... ......................................... $50,700,000 
Qatar ........................................................................... Al Udeid ....................................... ................................................... $70,400,000 
United Kingdom ........................................................... RAF Lakenheath ........................................ .................................... $148,467,000 
Worldwide Classified .................................................... Classified Location .................................... ..................................... $18,000,000 
SEC. 2302. FAMILY HOUSING. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engi-neering services and construction design ac-tivities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $3,199,000. 
SEC. 2303. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in section 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may improve ex-isting military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $75,247,000. 
SEC. 2304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, AIR FORCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2301 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2305. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN PHASED PROJECT AUTHORIZED IN FISCAL YEARS 2015, 2016, AND 2017. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3679) for Royal Air Force Croughton, for JIAC Consolidation Phase 1, the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (divi-sion B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1153) for Croughton Royal Air Force, for JIAC Con-solidation Phase 2, and the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2697) for Royal Air Force Croughton, for JIAC Consolidation Phase 3, the location shall be United Kingdom, Un-specified. SEC. 2306. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2017 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2696) for Joint Base San Antonio, Texas, for construction of a basic military training recruit dormitory, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a 26,537 square meter dormitory in the amount of $92,300,000. 
SEC. 2307. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1825) for the United States Air Force Academy, Colorado, for construction of a cyberworks facility, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a facility of up to 4,462 square meters that includes two real prop-erty gifts of construction of 929 and 465 square meters if such gift is accepted by the Secretary in accordance with section 2601 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 2308. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2019 PROJECTS. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATIONS .—The Sec-retary of the Air Force may carry out mili-tary construction projects to construct— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3509 June 11, 2018 
(1) a 6,702 square meter Joint Simulation Environment Facility at Edwards Air Force Base, California, in the amount of $43,000,000; (2) a 4,833 square meter Cyberspace Test Facility at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, in the amount of $38,000,000; and (3) a 4,735 square meter Joint Simulation Environment Facility at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, in the amount of $30,000,000. (b) U
SE OF RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, 
AND EVALUATION FUNDS .—As provided for in the Defense Laboratory Modernization Pilot Program authorized by section 2803 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1169), the Secretary may use funds available for research, development, test, and evalua-tion for the projects described in subsection (a). TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION SEC. 2401. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations in-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska .................................................. Clear Air Force Station ................................................ ............................................. $174,000,000 
Fort Greely ................................................................................................................. $8, 000,000 
Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson .............................................................................. $14,000,000 
Arkansas ............................................... Little Rock Air Force Base .............................................. .......................................... $14,000,000 
California .............................................. Camp Pendleton ......................................................... ................................................ $12,596,000 
Coronado .................................................................................................................... $71 ,088,000 
Defense Distribution Depot-Tracy ............................................................................. $18,800,000 
Colorado ............................................... Fort Carson ............................................................. ................................................... $24,297,000 
CONUS Classified ................................. Classified Location ........................................................... .......................................... $49,222,000 
Kentucky ............................................. Fort Campbell ............................................................. ............................................... $82,298,000 
Maine .................................................... Kittery ............................................................... ........................................................ $11,600,000 
Maryland .............................................. Fort Meade ............................................................... .................................................. $805,000,000 
Missouri ................................................ St. Louis .............................................................. ....................................................... $447,800,000 
New Jersey ........................................... Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst .......................................... ................................. $10,200,000 
North Carolina ..................................... Fort Bragg .................................................................. ................................................ $32,366,000 
New River ................................................................................................................... $32 ,580,000 
Oklahoma ............................................. McAlester ................................................................. .................................................. $7,000,000 
Texas .................................................... Joint Base San Antonio ................................................ ............................................. $10,200,000 
Red River Army Depot ............................................................................................... $71,500,000 
Virginia ................................................ Dam Neck ............................................................... .................................................... $8,959,000 
Fort A.P. Hill ............................................................................................................. $11, 734,000 
Fort Belvoir ............................................................................................................... $6,1 27,000 
Humphreys Engineer Center ...................................................................................... $20,257,000 
Joint Base Langley-Eustis ......................................................................................... $12,700,000 
Pentagon .................................................................................................................... $35 ,850,000 
Washington .......................................... Joint Base Lewis-McChord ................................................... ...................................... $26,200,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Belgium ......................................... U.S. Army Garrison Benelux (Chievres) .......................................... ............................. $14,305,000 
Cuba ............................................... Guantanamo Bay .............................................................. ............................................ $9,080,000 
Djibouti ......................................... Camp Lemonnier ................................................................ ........................................... $3,750,000 
Germany ........................................ Baumholder ...................................................................... ............................................. $11,504,000 
Kaiserslautern Air Base ................................................................................................ $99,955, 000 
Weisbaden ..................................................................................................................... $ 56,048,000 
Greece ............................................ NSA Souda Bay ................................................................ ............................................. $2,230,000 
Guam ............................................ Naval Base Guam ................................................................ .......................................... $4,634,000 
NSA Naples ................................................................................................................... $9 90,000 
Japan ............................................. Camp McTureous ............................................................... ........................................... $94,851,000 
Iwakuni ........................................................................................................................ . $33,200,000 
Kadena Air Base ............................................................................................................ $21, 400,000 
Yokosuka ...................................................................................................................... $ 170,386,000 
Unspecified Worldwide .................. Unspecified ............................................................................. ....................................... $15,693,000 
SEC. 2402. ENERGY RESILIENCE AND CONSERVA-TION INVESTMENT PROGRAM. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2403(a) and available for energy con-servation projects as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, for the installations or loca-tions outside the United States, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Energy Conservation Projects: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alabama ............................................... Anniston Army Depot ...................................................... .......................................... $20,000,000 
California .............................................. Naval Base Ventura County .............................................. ......................................... $6,530,000 
Colorado ............................................... Schriever Air Force Base ................................................ ........................................... $4,044,000 
Florida .................................................. MacDill Air Force Base ................................................ .............................................. $3,700,000 
Hawaii .................................................. Bellows Air Force Base ................................................. ............................................. $2,944,000 
Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ............................................................................... $4,500,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3510 June 11, 2018 
Energy Conservation Projects: Inside the United States —Continued 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Idaho ..................................................... Mountain Home Air Force Base ......................................... ........................................ $5,980,000 
Indiana ................................................. NSA Crane .............................................................. .................................................... $6,890,000 
Kansas .................................................. Salina Training Center ................................................. .............................................. $3,500,000 
Louisiana .............................................. Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans ........................ ........................... $5,340,000 
Maryland .............................................. NSA Bethesda ............................................................. ................................................ $22,000,000 
New Mexico ........................................... Kirtland Air Force Base ................................................... .......................................... $462,000 
Ohio ...................................................... Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ...................................... ......................................... $7,900,000 
Pennsylvania ........................................ Fort Indiantown Gap ........................................................ .......................................... $2,150,000 
South Carolina ..................................... Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort ........................................... ................................. $22,402,000 
Texas .................................................... Camp Mabry ............................................................ ................................................... $5,500,000 
Sheppard Air Force Base ............................................................................................ $9,404,000 
Virginia ................................................ Naval Air Station Oceana ............................................... ........................................... $2,520,000 
NRO Headquarters ...................................................................................................... $571,000 
Washington .......................................... Naval Base Kitsap .......................................................... ............................................ $1,790,000 
SEC. 2403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, DEFENSE AGENCIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2404. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the au-thorizations set forth in the table in sub-section (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (128 Stat. 3681), and amended by section 2406 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1831), shall re-main in effect until October 1, 2019, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2020, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-section (a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Japan ...................................... Commander Fleet Activities Sasebo ................. E.J. King High School Replacement/ Ren- ovation. $37,681,000 
Okinawa ............................................................ Kubasaki High School Replacement/Ren- ovation. $99,420,000 
New Mexico ............................. Cannon Air Force Base ..................................... SOF Squadron Operations Facili ty (STS) $23,333,000 
Virginia ................................... Pentagon ........................................................... Redundant Chilled  Water Loop ................ $15,100,000 
SEC. 2405. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
The table in section 2401(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 105–91) is amended by inserting after the item relating to South Carolina the following new item: 
Texas ............................................................................ Fort Bliss Blood Processing Center ............ ................................ $8,300,000 
TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program 
SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make con-tributions for the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount authorized to be appro-priated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization as a result of con-struction previously financed by the United States. SEC. 2502. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATO. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for contributions by the Sec-retary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601. Subtitle B—Host Country In-kind Contributions SEC. 2511. REPUBLIC OF KOREA FUNDED CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS. 
Pursuant to agreement with the Republic of Korea for required in-kind contributions, the Secretary of Defense may accept mili-tary construction projects for the installa-tions or locations, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Republic of Korea Funded Construction Projects 
Country Component Installation or Loca-tion Project Amount 
Korea ....................... Army ...................... Camp Carroll .................. Upgrade Electrical Distribution, Phase 2 ............................................ $52,000,000 
Army ...................... Camp Humphreys ........... Site Development ............................... $7,800,000 
Army ...................... Camp Humphreys ........... Air Support Operations Squadron ...... $25,000,000 
Army ...................... Camp Humphreys ........... Unaccompanied Enlisted Personnel Housing, P2 ..................................... $76,000,000 
Army ...................... Camp Humphreys ........... Echelon Above Brigade Engineer Bat- talion, VMF ..................................... $123,000,000 
Army ...................... Camp Walker .................. Repair/ Replace Sewer Piping System $8,000,000 
Navy ....................... Chinhae .......................... Indoor Training Pool .......................... $7,400,000 
Navy ....................... Pohang Air Base ............. Replace Ordnance Storage Magazines $87,000,000 
Air Force ................ Gimhae Air Base ............ Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse ... $7,600,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3511 June 11, 2018 
Republic of Korea Funded Construction Projects —Continued 
Country Component Installation or Loca-tion Project Amount 
Air Force ................ Gwangju Air Base ........... Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse ... $7,600,000 
Air Force ................ Kunsan Air Base ............. Explosive Ordnance Disposal Facility $8,000,000 
Air Force ................ Kunsan Air Base ............. Upgrade Flow- Through Fuel System $23,000,000 
Air Force ................ Osan Air Base ................. 5th Recon-naissance Squadron Air- craft Shelter .................................... $12,000,000 
Air Force ................ Osan Air Base ................. Airfield Damage Repair Facility ........ $22,000,000 
Air Force ................ Osan Air Base ................. Commun-ications HQ Building ........... $45,000,000 
Air Force ................ Suwon Air Base .............. Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse ... $7,200,000 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 2601. AUTHORIZED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army National Guard 
State Location Amount 
Alaska ................................................ Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson .......................................... .................................... $27,000,000 
Illinois ................................................ Marseilles ............................................................. ...................................................... $5,000,000 
Montana ............................................. Malta ...................................................................... .................................................... $15,000,000 
Nevada ................................................ North Las Vegas .......................................................... ............................................... $32,000,000 
New Hampshire ................................... Pembroke ....................................................................... ............................................. $12,000,000 
North Dakota ..................................... Fargo ......................................................................... ................................................. $32,000,000 
Ohio .................................................... Camp Ravenna ........................................................... ................................................. $7,400,000 
Oklahoma ........................................... Lexington ................................................................... ................................................. $11,000,000 
Oregon ................................................ Boardman ................................................................. ................................................... $11,000,000 
South Dakota ..................................... Rapid City .................................................................... ............................................... $15,000,000 
Texas .................................................. Houston ................................................................. ...................................................... $15,000,000 
Virginia .............................................. Sandston ................................................................. .................................................... $89,000,000 
SEC. 2602. AUTHORIZED ARMY RESERVE CON-STRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army Reserve 
State Location Amount 
California ............................................................ Barstow .................................................. ..................................................... $34,000,000 
Wisconsin ............................................................ Fort McCoy ................................................ ................................................. $23,000,000 
SEC. 2603. AUTHORIZED NAVY RESERVE AND MA-RINE CORPS RESERVE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve lo-cations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve 
State Location Amount 
California ............................................................ Seal Beach ............................................... ................................................... $21,740,000 
Georgia ............................................................... Benning .................................................. ..................................................... $13,630,000 
Pennsylvania ...................................................... Pittsburgh ................................................... ............................................... $17,650,000 
SEC. 2604. AUTHORIZED AIR NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air National Guard 
State Location Amount 
California ............................................................ Channel Islands Air National Guard Station ............... ............................... $8,000,000 
Hawaii ................................................................. Joint Base Peal Harbor-Hickam ........................... ...................................... $17,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3512 June 11, 2018 
Air National Guard—Continued 
State Location Amount 
Illinois ................................................................ General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport .. ....................... $9,000,000 
Louisiana ............................................................ Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans .......... ......................... $15,000,000 
New York ............................................................ Francis S. Gabreski Airport ................................ ....................................... $20,000,000 
Pennsylvania ...................................................... Fort Indiantown Gap .......................................... ........................................ $8,000,000 
Puerto Rico ......................................................... Luis Munoz Marin International Airport ..................... .............................. $50,000,000 
Virginia .............................................................. Joint Base Langley-Eustis ................................ .......................................... $10,000,000 
SEC. 2605. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE RESERVE CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air Force Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force Reserve 
State Location Amount 
Indiana ............................................................... Grissom Air Reserve Base ................................. .......................................... $21,500,000 
Minnesota ........................................................... St. Paul International Airport ............................. ...................................... $9,000,000 
Mississippi .......................................................... Keesler Air Force Base .................................... ........................................... $4,550,000 
New York ............................................................ Niagara Falls International Airport ........................ ................................... $14,000,000 
Texas .................................................................. Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth ......... ............................ $3,100,000 
SEC. 2606. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the costs of acquisition, architectural and engineering services, and construction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions there-for, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (including the cost of acquisi-tion of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 2611. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2603 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1164) for construction of a Reserve Training Center Complex at Dam Neck, Vir-ginia, the Secretary of the Navy may con-struct the Reserve Training Center Complex at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek- Story, Virginia. 
SEC. 2612. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2601 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1834) for Fort Belvoir, Virginia, for ad-ditions and alterations to the National Guard Readiness Center, the Secretary of the Army may construct a new readiness center. If a new readiness center is constructed, no funds above the previously authorized $15,000,000 may be made available for such purpose. 
SEC. 2613. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2019 PROJECT. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATION .—The Sec-retary of the Navy may carry out a military construction project to construct a 50,000 square foot reserve training center, 6,600 square foot combat vehicle maintenance and storage facility, 2,400 square foot vehicle wash rack, 1,600 square foot covered training area, road improvements, and associated supporting facilities, and may acquire ap-proximately 8.5 acres of adjacent land and obtain necessary interest in land at Pitts-burgh, Pennsylvania, in the amount of $17,650,000. (b) U
SE OF UNOBLIGATED PRIOR-YEAR NAVY M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION RESERVE FUNDS .— The Secretary may use available, unobli-gated Navy military construction reserve funds for the project described in subsection (a). (c) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Sec- retary of the Navy shall provide information in accordance with section 2851(c) of title 10, United States Code, regarding the project de-scribed in subsection (a). If it becomes nec-essary to exceed the estimated project cost, the Secretary shall utilize the authority pro-vided by section 2853 of such title regarding authorized cost and scope of work variations. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-SURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for base realignment and clo-sure activities, including real property ac-quisition and military construction projects, as authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Closure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by sec-tion 2711 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2702. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCTING ADDI-TIONAL BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE (BRAC) ROUND. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Changes 
SEC. 2801. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO OBTAIN ARCHITECTURAL AND ENGINEERING SERVICES AND CONSTRUCTION DE-SIGN FOR DEFENSE LABORATORY MODERNIZATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 2803 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1169; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sub-section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘, site preparation, and advance planning and de-sign’’ and inserting ‘‘and site preparation’’; (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-section (c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(1)’’; (4) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g), re-spectively; (5) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) ARCHITECTURAL AND ENGINEERING  S
ERVICES AND CONSTRUCTION DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the military departments for re-search, development, test, and evaluation, the Secretary of the military department concerned may obtain architectural and en-gineering services and carry out construc-tion design in connection with a military construction project described in subsection (a). This authority is not subject to the con-dition in subsection (b).’’; (6) in subsection (d), as redesignated by paragraph (4)— (A) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This requirement does not include architectural and engineering serv-ices and construction design under sub-section (c).’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘other than funds used pursuant to subsection (c)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (7) in subsection (g), as redesignated by paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2025’’. 
SEC. 2802. MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT AU-THORITY FOR ACQUISITION, CON-STRUCTION, OR FURNISHING OF TEST FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT. 
Section 2353(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘The acquisition or construction of these research, developmental, or test fa-cilities shall be subject to the cost principles applicable to allowable contract expenses.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The acquisition or construction of facilities under the authority of this section shall not be governed by sections 2802, 2805, or 2811 of this title and their associated implementing regulations. The Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments shall promulgate regulations necessary to give full force and effect to this section.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3513 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 2803. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY, LIMITED AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS IN CER-TAIN AREAS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (h) of section 2808 of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (division B of Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1723), as most recently amended by section 2804 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91), is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub- section (c)(1) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$100,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000,000’’; (2) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘October 1, 2018’’; (3) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’. 
SEC. 2804. UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS RELATED TO REVITALIZATION AND RECAPITAL-IZATION OF DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE FACILITIES. 
Section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) D
EFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE FACILITY  R
EVITALIZATION .—(1) For the revitalization and recapitalization of Defense Industrial Base Facilities owned by the United States and under the jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned, the Secretary concerned may ob-ligate and expend— ‘‘(A) from appropriations available to the Secretary concerned for operation and main-tenance, amounts necessary to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project costing not more than $6,000,000, not-withstanding subsection (c); or ‘‘(B) from appropriations available to the Secretary concerned for military construc-tion not otherwise authorized by law or from funds authorized to be made available sec-tion 2363(a) of this title, amounts necessary to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project costing not more than $6,000,000. ‘‘(2) For purposes of this subsection, an un-specified minor military construction project is a military construction project that (notwithstanding subsection (a)) has an approved cost equal to or less than $6,000,000. ‘‘(3) If the Secretary concerned makes a de-cision to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project to which this subsection applies, the Secretary concerned shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress of that decision, of the justification for the project, and of the estimated cost of the project. The project may then be carried out only after the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date the notification is re-ceived by the committees in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of this title. ‘‘(4) In this section, the term ‘defense in-dustrial base facility’ means any Depart-ment of Defense depot, arsenal, shipyard, or plant located within the United States. ‘‘(5) The authority to carry out a project under this subsection expires on September 30, 2023.’’. 
SEC. 2805. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF PROJECTS CARRIED OUT PURSUANT TO LAWS OTHER THAN MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATION ACTS. 
Section 2802(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Secretary concerned shall—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘com-ply with the congressional notification re-quirement’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary con-cerned shall comply with the congressional notification requirement’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and submit to the con-gressional defense committees any materials required to be submitted to Congress or any other congressional committees pursuant to the congressional notification requirement’’ after ‘‘road project will be carried out’’. Subtitle B—Project Management and Oversight Reforms SEC. 2811. UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS TO DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE FORM 1391, UNIFIED FACILITIES CRITERIA, AND MILITARY INSTALLATION MASTER PLANS. 
(a) F LOOD RISKDISCLOSURE FOR MILITARY  C
ONSTRUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall modify Department of Defense Form 1391 to require, with respect to any proposed major or minor military construction project requiring congressional notification or approval— (A) disclosure whether a proposed project will be sited within or partially within a 100- year floodplain, according to the most recent available Federal Emergency Management Agency flood hazard data; and (B) if the proposed project will be sited within or partially within a 100-year flood-plain, the specific risk mitigation plan. (2) D
ELINEATION OF FLOODPLAIN .—To the ex-tent that Federal Emergency Management Agency flood hazard data are not available for a proposed major or minor military con-struction site, the Secretary concerned shall establish a process for delineating the 100- year floodplain using risk analysis that is consistent with the standards used to inform Federal flood risk assessments. (3) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—For pro- posed projects that are to be sited within or partially within a 100-year floodplain, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report with the following: (A) An assessment of flood vulnerability for the proposed project. (B) Any information concerning alter-native construction sites that were consid-ered, and an explanation of why those sites do not satisfy mission requirements. (C) A description of planned flood mitiga-tion measures. (4) M
INIMUM FLOOD MITIGATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—When mitigating the flood risk of a major or minor military construction project within or partially within the 100- year floodplain, the Secretary concerned shall require any mitigation plan to assume an additional— (A) 2 feet above the base flood elevation for non-mission critical buildings, as determined by the Secretary; and (B) 3 feet above the base flood elevation for mission-critical buildings, as determined by the Secretary. (b) D
ISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS FOR DEPART -
MENT OF DEFENSE FORM1391.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend Department of Defense Form 1391 to require, for each requested military con-struction project— (1) disclosure whether the project was in-cluded in the prior year’s future-years de-fense program submitted to Congress pursu-ant to section 221 of title 10, United States Code; and (2) inclusion of an energy study or life cycle analysis. (c) I
NCORPORATION OF CHANGING ENVIRON -
MENTAL CONDITION PROJECTIONS IN MILITARY  C
ONSTRUCTION DESIGNS AND MODIFICATIONS .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall amend section 3-5.6.2.3 of United Facilities Criteria (UFC) 2-100-01 and UFC 2- 100-02 (or any similar successor regulations) to provide that in order to anticipate chang-ing environmental conditions during the de-sign life of existing or planned new facilities and infrastructure, projections from reliable and authorized sources such as the Census Bureau (for population projections), the Na-tional Academies of Sciences (for land use change projections and climate projections), the U.S. Geological Survey (for land use change projections), and the U.S. Global Change Research Office and National Cli-mate Assessment (for climate projections) shall be considered and incorporated into military construction designs and modifica-tions. (d) INCLUSION OF CONSIDERATION OF ENERGY  
ANDCLIMATE RESILIENCY EFFORTS IN MASTER  P
LANS FOR MAJOR MILITARY INSTALLA -
TIONS .—Section 2864 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) energy and climate resiliency ef-forts.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The term ‘energy and climate resil-iency’ means anticipation, preparation for, and adaptation to utility disruptions and changing environmental conditions and the ability to withstand, respond to, and recover rapidly from utility disruptions while ensur-ing the sustainment of mission-critical oper-ations.’’. (e) D
EFINITION OF MILITARY INSTALLATION  R
ESILIENCE .—Section 101(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) M
ILITARY INSTALLATION RESILIENCE .— The term ‘military installation resilience’ means the capability of a military installa-tion to avoid, prepare for, minimize the ef-fect of, adapt to, and recover from extreme weather events, or from anticipated or unan-ticipated changes in environmental condi-tions, that do, or have the potential to, ad-versely affect the military installation or es-sential transportation, logistical, or other necessary resources outside of the military installation that are necessary in order to maintain, improve, or rapidly reestablish in-stallation mission assurance and mission-es-sential functions.’’. (f) A
DJUSTMENT AND DIVERSIFICATION AS-
SISTANCE FOR RESPONDING TO THREATS TO THE  R
ESILIENCE OF A MILITARY INSTALLATION .— Section 2391(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, or (E) by the closure’’ and inserting ‘‘, (E) by threats to military instal-lation resilience, or (F) by the closure’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(A), (B), (C), or (E)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(A), (B), (C), or (F)’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘action described in clause (D), if the Secretary determines that the en-croachment of the civilian community’’ and inserting ‘‘action described in clause (D) or (E), if the Secretary determines that either the encroachment of the civilian community or threats to military installation resil-ience’’. 
SEC. 2812. WORK IN PROCESS CURVE CHARTS AND OUTLAY TABLES FOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
(a) R EQUIRED SUBMISSIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 2864 the fol-lowing new section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3514 June 11, 2018 
‘‘§ 2865. Work in Process Curve charts and outlay tables required for military con-struction projects ‘‘Along with the budget for each fiscal year submitted by the President pursuant to sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments shall include for any military construction project over $35,000,000, as an addendum to be included within the same document as the 1391s for the Military Construction Program budget documentation, a Project Spending Plan that includes— ‘‘(1) a Work in Process Curve chart to iden-tify funding, obligations, and outlay figures; and ‘‘(2) a monthly outlay table for funding, obligations, and outlay figures.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2864 the following new item: ‘‘2865. Work in Process Curve charts and out-lay tables required for military construction projects.’’. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE GUIDANCE .— The Secretary of Defense shall, in coordina-tion with the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), update Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, and any other appropriate instructions and guidance, to ensure that the Department of Defense takes appropriate actions to comply with section 2865 of title 10, United States Code, as added by this section. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances 
SEC. 2821. LAND EXCHANGE, AIR FORCE PLANT 44, TUCSON, ARIZONA. 
(a) L ANDCONVEYANCE AND RESTORATION OF  R
EAL PROPERTY IMPROVEMENTS AUTHOR -
IZED.—In connection with a project planned by the Tuscon Airport Authority (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘TAA’’) to relocate and extend a parallel runway and make other airfield safety enhancements at the Tucson International Airport, the Secretary of the Air Force (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may— (1) convey to TAA all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to all or any part of a parcel of real property, includ-ing any improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 58 acres on Air Force Plant 44, Arizona, and located adjacent to Tucson International Airport; (2) agree to terminate all or a portion of any deed restrictions made for the benefit of the United States that limit construction on Tucson International Airport within 750 feet of the Airport’s southwest property bound-ary with Air Force Plant 44; and (3) using cash or in-kind consideration as provided in subsection (b)— (A) construct new explosives storage facili-ties to replace the explosives storage facili-ties located on the land described in para-graph (1) and explosives storage facilities lo-cated on Air Force Plant 44 within the end- of-runway clear zone associated with the TAA airfield enhancement project; and (B) construct new fencing as necessary to accommodate the changes in the boundary of Air Force Plant 44. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .—As consideration for the land conveyance, deed restriction termi-nation, replacement of real property im-provements, and installation of fencing au-thorized under subsection (a), the following consideration must be received by the United States before the Secretary may make any conveyance or termination of real property interests of the United States as described in subsection (a): (1) All right, title, and interest of the owner or owners thereof to the parcels of real property consisting of approximately 160 acres directly adjacent to the south bound-ary of Air Force Plant 44. (2) The cost to the Secretary, in accord-ance with current design standards, of— (A) replacing the real property structures on Air Force Plant 44 made unusable due to the land transfers and termination of deed restrictions, with structures of at least equivalent capacity and functionality; and (B) installing the necessary boundary fenc-ing due to the changes in the boundary of Air Force Plant 44. (c) DIRECT PAYMENT OF CONSIDERATION TO  G
OVERNMENT CONTRACTORS .—The Secretary may require that any cash consideration to be received under this section be paid, di-rectly or through the Air Force design and construction agent, to the contractors per-forming design or construction of the real property improvements described in sub-section (a)(3). (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCES .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require TAA to cover costs to be in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange and other transactions authorized under this section, or to reimburse the Sec-retary for such costs, including survey costs, appraisal costs, costs related to environ-mental documentation, and other adminis-trative costs related to the conveyances. If amounts are collected from TAA in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out such transactions, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to TAA. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursements under paragraph (1) shall be used in accordance with section 2695(c) of title 10, United States Code. (e) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the real property to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. (f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the land exchange and other transactions under this section as the Secretary considers ap-propriate to protect the interests of the United States. Without limiting the fore-going, the Secretary may establish a deed re-striction on any part of the 58 acres de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) to accommodate existing Quantity Distance arcs. 
SEC. 2822. LAND CONVEYANCE, EGLIN AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-retary of the Air Force may convey, without consideration, to the Air Force Enlisted Vil-lage, a nonprofit corporation (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Village’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improve-ments thereon, consisting of approximately 80 acres located adjacent to Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, for the purpose of inde-pendent-living and assisted-living apart-ments for veterans. The conveyance under this subsection is subject to valid existing rights. (b) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .—If the Sec-retary determines at any time that the real property conveyed under subsection (a) is not being used in accordance with the pur-pose of the conveyance specified in sub-section (a), all right, title, and interest in and to such real property, including any im-provements thereto, shall, at the option of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of imme-diate entry onto such real property. A deter-mination by the Secretary under this sub-section shall be made on the record after an opportunity for a hearing. (c) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require the Village to cover all costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Sec-retary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental docu-mentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the Village in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actu-ally incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Village. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as re-imbursement for costs incurred by the Sec-retary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance, or to an appropriate fund or ac-count currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 2831. COMMEMORATION OF FREEDMAN’S VILLAGE. 
(a) F REEDMAN ’SVILLAGE GATE.—The Sec- retary of the Army shall, as part of the southern expansion of Arlington National Cemetery, name the newly constructed gate located at the intersection of Hobson Drive and Southgate Road, ‘‘Freedman’s Village Gate’’. (b) P
ERMANENT EASEMENT .—The Secretary of the Army is directed to grant to Arlington County a permanent easement of no less than 0.1 acres of land within the right-of-way of Southgate Road to the south and west of Hobson Drive and west of the planned joint base access road that is also continuous with Foxcroft Heights Park for the purpose of commemorating Freedman’s Village. (c) R
ELOCATION OF COMMEMORATION IN  E
VENT LOCATION ISUSED FOR BURIAL PUR-
POSES .—In the event Arlington National Cemetery subsequently acquires the prop-erty used for the commemoration described under subsection (b) for burial purposes, the Army shall relocate any commemoration of Freedman’s Village to an appropriate loca-tion. (d) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense may accept reimbursement from Ar-lington County for any costs associated with commemorating Freedman’s Village. 
SEC. 2832. STRATEGIC PLAN TO IMPROVE CAPA-BILITIES OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE TRAINING RANGES AND IN-STALLATIONS. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall develop and implement a com-prehensive strategic plan to identify and ad-dress deficits in the capabilities of Depart-ment of Defense training ranges to support current and anticipated readiness require-ments to execute the National Defense Strategy (NDS). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3515 June 11, 2018 
(b) E VALUATION .—As part of the prepara-tion of the strategic plan, the Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the following: (1) The adequacy of current training range resources to include the ability to train against near-peer or peer threats in a real-istic 5th Generation environment. (2) The adequacy of current training enablers to meet current and anticipated de-mands of the Armed Forces. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The strategic plan shall in-clude the following: (1) Proposals to enhance the capabilities of training ranges to address any limitations or constraints on current Department re-sources, including any climatically induced impacts or shortfalls. (2) Goals and milestones for tracking ac-tions under the plan and measuring progress in carrying out such actions. (3) Projected funding requirements for im-plementing actions under the plan. (d) D
EVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion and Sustainment, as the principal staff assistant to the Secretary on installation management, shall have lead responsibility for developing and overseeing implementa-tion of the strategic plan and for coordina-tion of the discharge of the plan by compo-nents of the Department. (e) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than April 1, 2020, the Secretary shall, through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, submit to Congress a report on the progress made in implementing this section, including the fol-lowing: (1) A description of the strategic plan. (2) A description of the results of the eval-uation conducted under subsection (b). (3) Such recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate with respect to im-provements of the capabilities of training ranges and enablers. (f) P
ROGRESS REPORTS .—Not later than April 1, 2019, and annually thereafter for 3 years, the Secretary shall, through the Under Secretary, submit to Congress a re-port setting forth the following: (1) A description of the progress made dur-ing the preceding fiscal year in imple-menting the strategic plan. (2) A description of any additional actions taken, or to be taken, to address limitations and constraints on training ranges and enablers. (3) Assessments of individual training ranges addressing the evaluation conducted under subsection (b). (g) A
DDITIONAL REPORT ELEMENT .—Each re- port under subsections (e) and (f) shall also include a list of significant modifications to training range inventory, such as range clo-sures or expansions, during the preceding fis-cal year, including any limitations or im-pacts due to climatic conditions. 
SEC. 2833. NATIVE AMERICAN INDIAN LANDS EN-VIRONMENTAL MITIGATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 160 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2712. Native American lands environmental mitigation program ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense may establish and carry out a program to mitigate the environmental effects of De-partment of Defense actions on Indian lands and culturally connected locations. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM ACTIVITIES .—The activities that may be carried out under the program established under subsection (a) are the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) Identification, investigation, and doc-umentation of suspected environmental ef-fects attributable to past Department of De-fense actions. ‘‘(2) Development of mitigation options for such environmental effects, including devel-opment of cost-to-complete estimates and a system for prioritizing mitigation actions. ‘‘(3) Direct mitigation actions that the Secretary determines are necessary and ap-propriate to mitigate the adverse environ-mental effects of past Department of Defense actions. ‘‘(4) Demolition and removal of unsafe buildings and structures used by, under the jurisdiction of, or formerly used by or under the jurisdiction of the Department of De-fense. ‘‘(5) Training, technical assistance, and ad-ministrative support to facilitate the mean-ingful participation of Indian tribes in miti-gation actions under the program. ‘‘(6) Development and execution of a policy governing consultation with Indian tribes that have been or may be affected by Depart-ment of Defense actions, including training Department of Defense personnel to ensure compliance with the policy. ‘‘(c) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—(1) In car-rying out the program established under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Defense may enter into a cooperative agreement with an Indian tribe or an instrumentality of tribal government. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding chapter 63 of title 31, a cooperative agreement under this section may be used to acquire property or services for the direct benefit of the United States Government. ‘‘(3) Any cooperative agreement under this section for the procurement of severable services may begin in one fiscal year and end in another fiscal year provided the total pe-riod of performance does not exceed five cal-endar years. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Indian land’ includes— ‘‘(A) any land located within the bound-aries and a part of an Indian reservation, pueblo, or rancheria; ‘‘(B) any land that has been allotted to an individual Indian, but has not been conveyed to such Indian with full power of alienation; ‘‘(C) Alaska Native village and regional corporation lands; and ‘‘(D) lands and waters upon which any fed-erally recognized Indian tribe has rights re-served by treaty, act of Congress, or action by the President. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Indian tribe’ means any In-dian tribe, band, nation, or other organized group or community, including any Alaska Native village or regional or village corpora-tion as defined in or established pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), which is recognized as el-igible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians be-cause of their status as Indians. ‘‘(3) The term ‘culturally connected loca-tion’ means a location or place that has de-monstrable significance to Indians or Alaska Natives based on its association with the traditional beliefs, customs, and practices of a living community, including locations or places where religious, ceremonial, subsist-ence, medicinal, economic, or other lifeways practices have historically taken place.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2711 the following new item: ‘‘2712. Native American lands environmental mitigation program.’’. 
SEC. 2834. DEFENSE COMMUNITY INFRASTRUC-TURE PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 2391 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) DEFENSE COMMUNITY INFRASTRUCTURE  P
ILOT PROGRAM .—(1) The Secretary of De-fense may make grants, conclude coopera-tive agreements, and supplement funds available under Federal programs adminis-tered by agencies other than the Department of Defense to assist State and local govern-ments to address deficiencies in community infrastructure supportive of a military in-stallation, if the Secretary determines that such assistance will enhance the military value, resilience, or military family quality of life at such military installation. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish criteria for the selection of community infrastruc-ture projects to receive assistance under paragraph (1). The criteria shall include a re-quirement that the State or local govern-ment agree to contribute not less than 30 percent of the funding for the community in-frastructure project, unless the community infrastructure project is located in a rural area, or for reasons related to national secu-rity, in which case the Secretary may waive the requirement for a State or local govern-ment contribution. ‘‘(3) Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for assistance under para-graph (1) may remain available until ex-pended. ‘‘(4) The authority under this subsection shall expire on September 30, 2023.’’; and (3) in subsection (e), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) The term ‘community infrastructure’ means any transportation project; school, hospital, police, fire, emergency response, or other community support facility; or water, waste-water, telecommunications, electric, gas, or other utility infrastructure project that is located off of a military installation and owned by a State or local government. ‘‘(5) The term ‘rural area’ means a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a pop-ulation of not more than 20,000 inhab-itants.’’. 
SEC. 2835. REPRESENTATION OF INSTALLATION INTERESTS IN NEGOTIATIONS AND PROCEEDINGS WITH CARRIERS AND OTHER PUBLIC UTILITIES. 
Section 501(c) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘For transpor-tation’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Prior to representing any installation of the Department of Defense in any pro-ceeding under this subsection, the Adminis-trator or any persons or entities acting on behalf of the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) notify the senior mission commander of the installation; and ‘‘(B) solicit and represent the interests of the installation as determined by the instal-lation’s senior mission commander.’’. 
SEC. 2836. WHITE SANDS MISSILE RANGE LAND ENHANCEMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘White Sands National Park Pro-posed Boundary Revision & Transfer of Lands Between National Park Service & De-partment of the Army’’, numbered 142/136,271, and dated February 14, 2017. (2) M
ILITARY MUNITIONS .—The term ‘‘mili-tary munitions’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(e) of title 10, United States Code. (3) M
ISSILE RANGE .—The term ‘‘missile range’’ means the White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico, administered by the Secretary of the Army. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3516 June 11, 2018 
(4) M ONUMENT .—The term ‘‘Monument’’ means the White Sands National Monument, New Mexico, established by Presidential Proclamation No. 2025 (54 U.S.C. 320301 note), dated January 18, 1933, and administered by the Secretary. (5) M
UNITIONS DEBRIS .—The term ‘‘muni-tions debris’’ has the meaning given the term in volume 8 of the Department of De-fense Manual Number 6055.09-M entitled ‘‘DoD Ammunitions and Explosives Safety Standards’’ and dated February 29, 2008 (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). (6) P
ARK.—The term ‘‘Park’’ means the White Sands National Park established by subsection (b)(2)(A). (7) P
UBLIC LAND ORDER .—The term ‘‘Public Land Order’’ means Public Land Order 833, dated May 21, 1952 (17 Fed. Reg. 4822). (8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (9) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of New Mexico. (b) W
HITE SANDS NATIONAL PARK.— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) White Sands National Monument was established on January 18, 1933, by President Herbert Hoover under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Antiquities Act of 1906’’); (B) President Hoover proclaimed that the Monument was established ‘‘for the preserva-tion of the white sands and additional fea-tures of scenic, scientific, and educational interest’’; (C) the Monument was expanded by Presi-dents Roosevelt, Eisenhower, Carter, and Clinton in 1934, 1942, 1953, 1978, and 1996, re-spectively; (D) the Monument contains a substantially more diverse set of nationally significant historical, archaeological, scientific, and natural resources than were known of at the time the Monument was established, includ-ing a number of recent discoveries; (E) the Monument is recognized as a major unit of the National Park System with ex-traordinary values enjoyed by more visitors each year since 1995 than any other unit in the State; (F) the Monument contributes signifi-cantly to the local economy by attracting tourists; and (G) designation of the Monument as a na-tional park would increase public recogni-tion of the diverse array of nationally sig-nificant resources at the Monument and visi-tation to the unit. (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF WHITE SANDS NA -
TIONAL PARK .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—To protect, preserve, and restore its scenic, scientific, edu-cational, natural, geological, historical, cul-tural, archaeological, paleontological, hydrological, fish, wildlife, and recreational values and to enhance visitor experiences, there is established in the State the White Sands National Park as a unit of the Na-tional Park System. (B) A
BOLISHMENT OF WHITE SANDS NATIONAL  
MONUMENT .— (i) A
BOLISHMENT .—Due to the establish-ment of the Park, the Monument is abol-ished. (ii) I
NCORPORATION .—The land and interests in land that comprise the Monument are in-corporated in, and shall be considered to be part of, the Park. (C) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the ‘‘White Sands National Monument’’ shall be consid-ered to be a reference to the ‘‘White Sands National Park’’. (D) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any funds available for the Monument shall be avail-able for the Park. (E) ADMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall administer the Park in accordance with— (i) this subsection; and (ii) the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System, including sec-tion 100101(a), chapter 1003, sections 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101, and chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code. (F) W
ORLD HERITAGE LIST NOMINATION .— (i) C
OUNTY CONCURRENCE .—The Secretary shall not submit a nomination for the Park to be included on the World Heritage List of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization unless each coun-ty in which the Park is located concurs in the nomination. (ii) A
RMY NOTIFICATION .—Before submitting a nomination for the Park to be included on the World Heritage List of the United Na-tions Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the Secretary shall notify the Secretary of the Army of the intent of the Secretary to nominate the Park. (G) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this paragraph af-fects— (i) valid existing rights (including water rights); (ii) permits or contracts issued by the Monument; (iii) existing agreements, including agree-ments with the Department of Defense; (iv) the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense regarding the restricted airspace above the Park; or (v) the airshed classification of the Park under the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). (c) M
ODIFICATION OF BOUNDARIES OF WHITE S
ANDS NATIONAL PARK AND WHITE SANDS  M
ISSILE RANGE .— (1) T
RANSFERS OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION.— (A) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION TO THE SECRETARY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Administrative jurisdic-tion over the land described in clause (ii) is transferred from the Secretary of the Army to the Secretary. (ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-ferred to in clause (i) is— (I) the approximately 2,826 acres of land identified as ‘‘To NPS, lands inside current boundary’’ on the Map; and (II) the approximately 5,766 acres of land identified as ‘‘To NPS, new additions’’ on the Map. (B) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION TO THE SECRETARY OF THE ARMY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Administrative jurisdic-tion over the land described in clause (ii) is transferred from the Secretary to the Sec-retary of the Army. (ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-ferred to in clause (i) is the approximately 3,737 acres of land identified as ‘‘To DOA’’ on the Map. (2) B
OUNDARY MODIFICATIONS .— (A) P
ARK.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The boundary of the Park is revised to reflect the boundary depicted on the Map. (ii) M
AP.— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of the Army, shall prepare and keep on file for public inspection in the appropriate office of the Secretary a map and a legal description of the revised boundary of the Park. (II) E
FFECT .—The map and legal descrip-tion under subclause (I) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this section, except that the Secretary may correct cler-ical and typographical errors in the map and legal description. (iii) B
OUNDARY SURVEY .—As soon as prac-ticable after the date of the establishment of the Park and subject to the availability of funds, the Secretary shall complete an offi-cial boundary survey of the Park. (B) MISSILE RANGE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The boundary of the mis-sile range and the Public Land Order are modified to exclude the land transferred to the Secretary under paragraph (1)(A) and to include the land transferred to the Secretary of the Army under paragraph (1)(B). (ii) M
AP.—The Secretary shall prepare a map and legal description depicting the re-vised boundary of the missile range. (C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2854 of Public Law 104–201 (54 U.S.C. 320301 note) is repealed. (3) A
DMINISTRATION .— (A) P
ARK.—The Secretary shall administer the land transferred under paragraph (1)(A) in accordance with laws (including regula-tions) applicable to the Park. (B) M
ISSILE RANGE .—Subject to subpara-graph (C), the Secretary of the Army shall administer the land transferred to the Sec-retary of the Army under paragraph (1)(B) as part of the missile range. (C) I
NFRASTRUCTURE ; RESOURCE MANAGE -
MENT .— (i) R
ANGE ROAD 7 .— (I) I
NFRASTRUCTURE MANAGEMENT .—To the maximum extent practicable, in planning, constructing, and managing infrastructure on the land described in subclause (III), the Secretary of the Army shall apply low-im-pact development techniques and strategies to prevent impacts within the missile range and the Park from stormwater runoff from the land described in that subclause. (II) R
ESOURCE MANAGEMENT .—The Sec-retary of the Army shall— (aa) manage the land described in sub-clause (III) in a manner consistent with the protection of natural and cultural resources within the missile range and the Park and in accordance with section 101(a)(1)(B) of the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a(a)(1)(B)), division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code, and the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); and (bb) include the land described in subclause (III) in the integrated natural and cultural resource management plan for the missile range. (III) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-ferred to in subclauses (I) and (II) is the land that is transferred to the administrative ju-risdiction of the Secretary of the Army under paragraph (1)(B) and located in the area east of Range Road 7 in— (aa) T. 17 S., R. 5 E., sec. 31; (bb) T. 18 S., R. 5 E.; and (cc) T. 19 S., R. 5 E., sec. 5. (ii) F
ENCE .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army shall continue to allow the Secretary to maintain the fence shown on the Map until such time as the Secretary determines that the fence is unnecessary for the man-agement of the Park. (II) R
EMOVAL .—If the Secretary determines that the fence is unnecessary for the man-agement of the Park under subclause (I), the Secretary shall promptly remove the fence at the expense of the Department of the Inte-rior. (D) R
ESEARCH .—The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary may enter into an agree-ment to allow the Secretary to conduct cer-tain research in the area identified as ‘‘Coop-erative Use Research Area’’ on the Map. (E) M
ILITARY MUNITIONS AND MUNITIONS DE -
BRIS.— (i) R
ESPONSE ACTION .—With respect to any Federal liability, the Secretary of the Army shall remain responsible for any response ac-tion addressing military munitions or muni-tions debris on the land transferred under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3517 June 11, 2018 
paragraph (1)(A) to the same extent as on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (ii) I
NVESTIGATION OF MILITARY MUNITIONS  
AND MUNITIONS DEBRIS .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quest that the Secretary of the Army con-duct 1 or more investigations of military munitions or munitions debris on any land transferred under paragraph (1)(A). (II) A
CCESS .—The Secretary shall give ac-cess to the Secretary of the Army to the land covered by a request under subclause (I) for the purposes of conducting the 1 or more investigations under that subclause. (III) L
IMITATION .—An investigation con-ducted under this clause shall be subject to available appropriations. (iii) APPLICABLE LAW .—Any activities un-dertaken under this subparagraph shall be carried out in accordance with— (I) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); (II) the purposes for which the Park was established; and (III) any other applicable law. 
SEC. 2837. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF INDIAN RIVER BRIDGE. 
Notwithstanding the limitation in section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Sec-retary of Defense may transfer to the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration up to 50 percent of the shared costs of constructing the Indian River Bridge. The authority under this section shall expire on October 1, 2022. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION SEC. 2901. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installation out-side the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Bulgaria .............................................................. Nevo Selo FOS ............................................ ................................................ $5,200,000 
Poland ................................................................. Drawsko Pomorski Training Area .......................... .................................... $17,000,000 
Powidz Air Base .......................................................................................... $87,000,000 
Zagan Training Area .................................................................................. $40,400,000 
Romania ............................................................. Mihail Kogalniceanu FOS .................................... ....................................... $21,651,000 
SEC. 2902. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installations out-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Greece ................................................................. Souda Bay ............................................... .................................................... $47,850,000 
Italy .................................................................... Sigonella ............................................. ........................................................ $66,050,000 
Spain ................................................................... Rota ................................................... ......................................................... $21,590,000 
United Kingdom .................................................. Lossiemouth .................................................... ........................................... $79,130,000 
SEC. 2903. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may ac-quire real property and carry out the mili-tary construction projects for the installa-tions outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Germany ............................................................. Ramstein Air Base .......................................... ............................................ $119,000,000 
Norway ............................................................... Rygge ..................................................... ..................................................... $13,800,000 
Slovakia .............................................................. Malacky .................................................. .................................................... $59,000,000 
United Kingdom .................................................. RAF Fairford ................................................... ........................................... $106,000,000 
SEC. 2904. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installations out-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Estonia ............................................................... Unspecified .............................................. ................................................... $15,700,000 
Qatar ................................................................... Al Udeid ............................................... ....................................................... $60,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3518 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 2905. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the military construction projects outside the United States author-ized by this title as specified in the funding table in section 4601. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs and Authorizations 
SEC. 3101. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY AD-MINISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for the activities of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT  P
ROJECTS .—From funds referred to in sub-section (a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out new plant projects for the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration as follows: Project 19–D–670, 138kV Power Trans-mission System Replacement, Nevada Na-tional Security Site, Nevada, $6,000,000. Project 19–D–660, Lithium Production Ca-pability, Y–12 National Security Complex, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, $19,000,000. Project 19–D–930, KS Overhead Piping, Kes-selring Site, West Milton, New York, $10,994,000. 
SEC. 3102. DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3103. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3104. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in section 4701. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 3111. CLARIFICATION OF ROLES AND AU-THORITIES OF NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO DEPARTMENT OF EN-
ERGY ORGANIZATION ACT.— (1) U
NDER SECRETARY FOR NUCLEAR SECU -
RITY.—Section 202(c)(3) of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7132(c)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘Act.’’ and all that follows through ‘‘may be delegated’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘Act (50 U.S.C. 2402). In carrying out the functions of the Adminis-trator, the Under Secretary shall be subject to the authority of the Secretary in accord-ance with section 3219 of that Act (50 U.S.C. 2409). Such authority may be delegated’’. (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF POLICY .—Section 213 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7144) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, acting through the Under Secretary for Nuclear Se-curity,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘programs and activities of the Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘regula-tions, policies, and activities of the Adminis-tration with respect to health and safety’’ ; and (ii) by striking ‘‘those programs and activi-ties’’ and inserting ‘‘those regulations, poli-cies, and activities’’; and (C) by striking subsection (c). (b) AMENDMENTS TO NATIONAL NUCLEAR SE-
CURITY ADMINISTRATION ACT.— (1) A
DMINISTRATOR FOR NUCLEAR SECU -
RITY.—Section 3212 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2402) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and activities’’ and inserting ‘‘, policies, regulations, and rules’’; and (ii) in paragraph (9), by striking the end pe-riod and inserting ‘‘, subject to the policies of the Department of Energy.’’; and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, unless disapproved by the Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out the mission and functions of the Administration, except as provided by sec-tion 3219’’. (2) G
ENERAL COUNSEL .—Section 3217 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2407) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘There is’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is’’; (B) by striking the end period and insert-ing ‘‘and shall report to the Administrator.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) A
VOIDANCE OF COORDINATION AND DU-
PLICATION .—The General Counsel shall be independent from and may not duplicate the efforts of the General Counsel of the Depart-ment of Energy appointed under section 202(e) of the Department of Energy Organiza-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 7132(e)).’’. (3) S
TAFF .—Section 3218 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2408) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(c) R
EPORTING .—The staff of the Adminis-tration shall report to the Administrator through the appropriate structures of the Administration. ‘‘(d) A
VOIDANCE OF COORDINATION AND DU-
PLICATION .—The staff of the Administration performing functions specified in subsection (b) shall be independent from and may not duplicate the efforts of staff of elements of the Department of Energy other than the Administration that perform functions simi-lar to the functions specified in subsection (b). ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROHIBITION ON DUAL O
FFICE HOLDING .—The prohibition under sec-tion 3220(d) shall apply to staff of the Admin-istration performing functions specified in subsection (b).’’. (4) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3219 of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2409) is amended— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
TO 
MODIFY ORGANIZATION OF ’’ and inserting ‘‘ WITH  
RESPECT TO ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary of En-ergy, acting through the Administrator, shall be responsible for setting broad prior-ities for the Administration. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may disapprove any ac-tion, policy, regulation, or rule of the Ad-ministrator if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary submits to the congres-sional defense committees justification for such disapproval; and ‘‘(B) a period of 15 days has elapsed fol-lowing the date on which such justification was submitted. ‘‘(3) Except as provided by this section, the Administrator shall have complete authority to establish and conduct oversight of poli-cies, activities, and procedures of the Admin-istration without direction or oversight by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) The authority of the Secretary under paragraphs (1) and (2) may be delegated only to the Deputy Secretary of Energy, without further redelegation. ‘‘(b) ORGANIZATION OF ADMINISTRATION .— Notwithstanding’’; and (iii) in subsection (b), as designated by clause (ii), by striking ‘‘subsection (b) or (c) of’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Nuclear Security Administration Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 3219 and insert-ing the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 3219. Scope of authority of Secretary of Energy with respect to Ad-ministration.’’. (5) S
TATUS OF PERSONNEL .—Section 3220 of the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion Act (50 U.S.C. 2410) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking subparagraph (A); and (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking the end pe-riod and inserting ‘‘, except as provided by section 3219.’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking the end period and inserting ‘‘and except as provided by section 3219.’’. (6) O
FFICE OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR SECURITY .— Section 3232 of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2422) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘Administrator.’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary and’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Department’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Department of Energy’’. (7) C
OUNTERINTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS .—Sec- tion 3233 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2423) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, in co-ordination with the Administrator,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘, in co-ordination with the Administrator,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’. (8) A
UTHORIZED PERSONNEL LEVELS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3241A of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a) is amended— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AU-
THORIZED ’’ and inserting ‘‘ ANNUAL REPORT  
ON’’; (ii) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall include in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the Administration for each fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a report containing the following information as of the date of the report: ‘‘(1) The number of full-time equivalent employees of the Office of the Adminis-trator. ‘‘(2) The number of service support con-tracts of the Administration and whether such contracts are funded using program or program direction funds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3519 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(3) The number of full-time equivalent contractor employees working under each contract identified under paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) The number of full-time equivalent contractor employees described in paragraph (3) that have been employed under such a contract for a period greater than two years. ‘‘(5) With respect to each contract identi-fied under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) the cost of the contract; and ‘‘(B) identification of the program or pro-gram direction accounts that support the contract.’’; (iii) by striking subsection (c); (iv) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (v) by striking subsection (f). (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Nuclear Security Administration Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 3241A and insert-ing the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 3241A. Annual report on personnel lev-els of the Office of the Adminis-trator.’’. (9) C
OMPLIANCE WITH FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Section 3262 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2462) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The Administrator’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘specific to the Adminis-tration’’ after ‘‘procedures’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PROCEDURES .—The procedures established under subsection (a) shall be separate from procedures applied to elements of the Department of Energy other than the Administration.’’. (10) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3281(2)(A) of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2471(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Plant’’ and inserting ‘‘National Se-curity Campus’’. (c) A
MENDMENTS TO ATOMIC ENERGY DE-
FENSE ACT.— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 4002(9)(A) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501(9)(A)) is amended striking ‘‘Plant’’ and inserting ‘‘National Security Campus’’. (2) S
TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 4201(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘The Secretary, acting through the Adminis-trator,’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator’’. (3) S
TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP CRITERIA .—Sec- tion 4202 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2522) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘S
ECRETARY ’’ and inserting ‘‘D EPARTMENT ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council’’. (4) S
TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP , MANAGEMENT , 
AND RESPONSIVENESS PLAN .—Section 4203 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2523) is amended— (A) in subsection (d)(4)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘quadrennial defense review if such strategy has not been submitted as of the date of the plan’’ and inserting ‘‘national defense strat-egy’’; (B) in subsection (e)(1)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘or the most recent quadrennial defense re-view, as applicable under subsection (d)(4)(A), and the’’ and inserting ‘‘, the na-tional defense strategy, and the most re-cent’’; and (C) in subsection (f)— (i) by striking paragraph (4); (ii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) The term ‘national defense strategy’ means the review of the defense programs and policies of the United States that is car-ried out every four years under section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code.’’. (5) STOCKPILE MANAGEMENT PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 4204 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2524) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator, in consultation with the Nuclear Weapons Council’’; and (B) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (6) N
UCLEAR TEST BAN READINESS PRO -
GRAM .—Section 4207 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2527) is amended, in subsections (a) and (c), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’. (7) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR SPECIFIC REQUEST  
FOR NEW OR MODIFIED NUCLEAR WEAPONS .— Section 4209 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘in the budget’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘in the budget justification materials submitted to Con-gress in support of the Department of Energy budget for that fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code).’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary shall include in a request for funds under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘A re-quest for funds under subsection (a) shall in-clude’’; and (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of En-ergy’’. (8) M
ANUFACTURING INFRASTRUCTURE FOR  
NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE .—Section 4212 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2532) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘most recent’’ before ‘‘Nu-clear Posture Review’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Plant’’ and inserting ‘‘National Security Complex’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Plant’’ and inserting ‘‘National Security Campus’’. (9) R
EPORTS ON LIFE EXTENSION PRO -
GRAMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4216 of the Atom-ic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2536) is amended— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
LIFETIME ’’ and inserting ‘‘ LIFE’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘lifetime’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘life’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4216 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4216. Reports on life extension pro-grams.’’. (10) SELECTED ACQUISITION REPORTS .—Sec- tion 4217 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2537) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘the Secretary of Energy, acting through the Ad-ministrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Adminis-trator’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy, acting through the Admin-istrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘the Secretary or’’. (11) A
DVICE ON SAFETY , SECURITY , AND RELI -
ABILITY OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE .— Section 4218 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538) is amended— (A) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘or the Commander of the United States Strategic Command’’; and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking ‘‘, a member of the Nuclear Weapons Council, or the Commander of the United States Strategic Command’’ and in-serting ‘‘or a member of the Nuclear Weap-ons Council’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘member, or Commander’’ and inserting ‘‘or member’’. (12) S
TOCKPILE RESPONSIVENESS PLAN .—Sec- tion 4220(b) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538b(b)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy, act-ing through the Administrator and’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘Nuclear Weapons Council’’. (13) T
RITIUM PRODUCTION PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 4231 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2541) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (B) in subsections (b) and (c), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (14) M
ODERNIZATION AND CONSOLIDATION OF  
TRITIUM RECYCLING FACILITIES .—Section 4234 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2544) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary of En-ergy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (15) P
ROCEDURES FOR MEETING TRITIUM PRO -
DUCTION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 4235 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2545) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (C) by striking subsection (c). (16) C
ERTIFICATION OF STATUS OF SECURITY  
OF FACILITIES .—Section 4506 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2657) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘September 30’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘congressional defense commit-tees’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and the Department of Energy’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘to the Secretary’’; and (iii) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘De-cember 1 of each even-numbered year, the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31 of each even-numbered year, the Secretary of Energy’’. (17) C
ERTIFICATES OF COMMENDATION FOR  
EXEMPLARY SERVICE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3520 June 11, 2018 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 4605 of the Atom-ic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2705) is amended— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
DE-
PARTMENT OF ENERGY ’’ and inserting ‘‘ ADMIN -
ISTRATION ’’; (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’; (II) by striking ‘‘a Department’’ and insert-ing ‘‘an Administration’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘the Department’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the Adminis-tration’’; and (iii) in subsection (c)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
DMINISTRATION ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Admin-istration’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4605 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 4605. Authority to provide certificate of commendation to Adminis-tration and contractor employ-ees for exemplary service in stockpile stewardship and secu-rity.’’. (18) E
XECUTIVE MANAGEMENT TRAINING .— Section 4621 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2721) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and the Administrator’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and the Administration’’ after ‘‘Department of Energy’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘and Administration’’ after ‘‘Department of En-ergy’’. (19) S
TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP RECRUITMENT  
AND TRAINING PROGRAM .—Section 4622 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2722) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (20) F
ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .—Section 4623 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2723) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (B) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘De-partment of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Admin-istration’’; (C) in subsections (c) and (d), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (D) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘De-fense Programs,’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator shall’’; and (E) in subsection (f)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’. (21) T
RANSFER OF WEAPONS ACTIVITIES  
FUNDS .—Section 4711 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2751) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’; (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary, acting through the Administrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (C) in subsection (e)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Department’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Administration’’. (22) NOTIFICATION OF COST OVERRUNS .—Sec- tion 4713(c)(2)(B) of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2753(c)(2)(B)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or the Administration’’ after ‘‘Department of Energy’’. (23) L
IFE-CYCLE COST ESTIMATES .—Section 4714(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2754(a)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘413.3’’ and inserting ‘‘413.3B’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, or a successor order,’’ after ‘‘assets)’’. (24) U
NFUNDED PRIORITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4716 of the Atom-ic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2756) is amended in the section heading by striking ‘‘
NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRA -
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘ ADMINISTRATION ’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4716 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4716. Unfunded priorities of the Ad-ministration.’’. (25) R
EVIEWS OF CAPITAL ASSETS ACQUISI -
TION PROJECTS .—Section 4733(d)(3)(B) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2773(d)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘413.3’’ and inserting ‘‘413.3B’’. (26) L
ABORATORY -DIRECTED RESEARCH AND  
DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS .—Section 4811 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2791) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘or the Administration’’ after ‘‘Department of En-ergy’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(1) Except as provided by paragraph (2), the Secretary’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘such laboratories’’ and in-serting ‘‘government-owned, contractor-op-erated laboratories funded out of funds avail-able to the Department of Energy’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Administrator shall prescribe reg-ulations for the conduct of laboratory-di-rected research and development at govern-ment-owned, contractor-operated labora-tories funded out of funds available to the Administration.’’; and (C) in subsection (c)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or the Administration’’ after ‘‘Department of Energy’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or the Administrator, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’. (27) R
EPORT ON USE OF FUNDS FOR RESEARCH  
AND DEVELOPMENT .—Section 4812A of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2793) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘R
EQUIRED ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OFSECRETARY OF  E
NERGY ’’; and (ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘national security mission of the Depart-ment of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘defense en-vironmental cleanup and other defense mis-sions of the Department of Energy (other than the national security mission of the Ad-ministration)’’; (B) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (C) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) R
EPORT OF ADMINISTRATOR .—The Ad- ministrator shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees, with the report of the Secretary required by subsection (a), a report on the funds expended during the pre-ceding fiscal year on activities under the laboratory-directed research and develop-ment program of the Administration. The purpose of the report is to permit an assess-ment of the extent to which such activities support the national security mission of the Administration.’’. SEC. 3112. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY AD-MINISTRATION PERSONNEL SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3248. ALTERNATIVE PERSONNEL SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator may adapt the pay banding and performance- based pay adjustment demonstration project carried out by the Administration under the authority provided by section 4703 of title 5, United States Code, into a permanent alter-native personnel system for the Administra-tion (to be known as the ‘National Nuclear Security Administration Personnel System’) and implement that system with respect to employees of the Administration. ‘‘(b) M
ODIFICATIONS .—In adapting the dem-onstration project described in subsection (a) into a permanent alternative personnel sys-tem, the Administrator— ‘‘(1) may, subject to paragraph (2), revise the requirements and limitations of the dem-onstration project to the extent necessary; and ‘‘(2) shall— ‘‘(A) ensure that the permanent alter-native personnel system is carried out in a manner consistent with the final plan for the demonstration project published in the Fed-eral Register on December 21, 2007 (72 Fed. Reg. 72776); ‘‘(B) ensure that significant changes in the system not take effect until revisions to the plan for the demonstration project are ap-proved by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment and published in the Federal Register; ‘‘(C) ensure that procedural modifications or clarifications to the final plan for the demonstration project be made through local notification processes; ‘‘(D) authorize, and establish incentives for, employees of the Administration to have rotational assignments among different pro-grams of the Administration, the head-quarters and field offices of the Administra-tion, and the management and operating contractors of the Administration; and ‘‘(E) establish requirements for employees of the Administration who are in the perma-nent alternative personnel system described in subsection (a) to be promoted to senior- level positions in the Administration, in-cluding requirements with respect to— ‘‘(i) professional training and continuing education; and ‘‘(ii) a certain number and types of rota-tional assignments under subparagraph (D), as determined by the Administrator. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION TO NAVAL NUCLEAR PRO-
PULSION PROGRAM .—The Director of the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program estab-lished pursuant to section 4101 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2511) and sec-tion 3216 of this Act may, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of the Navy, apply the alternative personnel system under sub-section (a) to— ‘‘(1) all employees of the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program in the competitive serv-ice (as defined in section 2102 of title 5, United States Code); and ‘‘(2) all employees of the Department of Navy who are assigned to the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program and are in the excepted service (as defined in section 2103 of title 5, United States Code) (other than such em-ployees in statutory excepted service sys-tems).’’. (b) B
RIEFING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3521 June 11, 2018 
the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall provide a briefing to the appropriate con-gressional committees on the implementa-tion of section 3248 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act, as added by subsection (a). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 3116 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), and (d) as subsections (a), (b), and (c), respec-tively; and (3) in paragraph (1) of subsection (c), as so redesignated— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘im-plementation of’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘im-plementation of subsection (a)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-section (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Nuclear Security Administration Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3247 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 3248. Alternative personnel system.’’. 
SEC. 3113. AMENDMENTS TO THE ATOMIC EN-ERGY ACT OF 1954. 
(a) C ONSULTATIONS .—Section 57 b.(2) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)(2)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘the Department of Defense.’’ the following: ‘‘The Department of State, the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, the Department of Com-merce, and the Department of Defense shall submit to the Secretary of Energy their comments on the determination of the Sec-retary under the previous sentence and any information and analysis needed to support their positions.’’. (b) D
ELEGATION OF FUNCTIONS .—Section 161 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2201) is amended by striking subsection n. and inserting the following new subsection n.: ‘‘n. delegate to the General Manager or other officers of the Commission— ‘‘(1) the functions assigned to the Commis-sion under section 57 b. on a case-by-case basis consistent with the national security interests of the United States; and ‘‘(2) any of the other functions assigned to the Commission under this Act except those specified in section 51, 61, 108, 123, 145 b. (with respect to the determination of those per-sons to whom the Commission may reveal Restricted Data in the national interest), 145 f., or 161 a.;’’. (c) C
IVILPENALTIES .—Section 234 a. of the Atomic Energy Act (42 U.S.C. 2282(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘57,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2) violates any provision of section 57, or (3)’’. (d) R
EPORT .—Section 3136(e)(2) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (42 U.S.C. 2077a(e)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph (D): ‘‘(D) any delegation of the functions under such section 57 b. made under section 161 n.(1) of that Act, including to whom such functions were delegated;’’; (4) in subparagraph (E), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F)(i) an explanation and justification of any determination under paragraph (2) of such section 57 b. that an authorization to transfer United States civil nuclear tech-nology to a foreign country is not in the in-terest of the United States, and any condi-tions placed on such an authorization, in-cluding any such determination or condi-tions resulting from coordination with the Department of State, the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, the Department of Com-merce, and the Department of Defense; and ‘‘(ii) an explanation and justification of any extensions of the deadlines established under the procedures required by section 57 b.’’. (e) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Energy has the authority to impose civil penalties for violations of section 57 b.(2) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)(2)), any rule, regulation, or order issued under that section, or any term, condition, or limita-tion of any license or certification issued under that section. (f) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall— (1) revise the regulations of the Depart-ment of Energy to reflect the authority of the Secretary to impose civil penalties for the violations described in subsection (e); or (2) submit to Congress a report describ-ing— (A) why the Secretary cannot make such revisions; and (B) what additional amendments to law would be required to enable the Secretary to do so. 
SEC. 3114. EXTENSION OF ENHANCED PROCURE-MENT AUTHORITY TO MANAGE SUP-PLY CHAIN RISK. 
Section 4806(g)(3) of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2786(g)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘four’’ and inserting ‘‘10’’. 
SEC. 3115. PILOT PROGRAM ON CONDUCT BY DE-PARTMENT OF ENERGY OF BACK-GROUND REVIEWS FOR ACCESS BY CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS TO NA-TIONAL SECURITY LABORATORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall establish a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of conducting background reviews required by section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) within the Department of En-ergy. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Under the pilot pro-gram established under subsection (a), the Secretary may admit an individual described in section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) to a facility of a national security laboratory described in that section if, in addition to the conduct of a background review under subsection (a) with respect to that individual— (1) the Secretary determines that the ad-mission of that individual to that facility is in the national interest and will further science, technology, and engineering capa-bilities in support of the mission of the De-partment of Energy; and (2) a security plan is developed and imple-mented to mitigate the risks associated with the admission of that individual to that fa-cility. (c) ROLES OF SECRETARY AND DIRECTOR OF  N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE AND DIRECTOR OF  F
EDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION .— (1) R
OLE OF SECRETARY .—Under the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall conduct background reviews for all in-dividuals described in section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) seeking admission to facilities of na-tional security laboratories described in that section. Such reviews by the Secretary shall be conducted independent of and in addition to background reviews conducted by the Di-rector of National Intelligence and the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation under that section. (2) R
OLES OF DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTEL -
LIGENCE AND DIRECTOR OF FEDERAL BUREAU OF  
INVESTIGATION .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), during the period during which the pilot program established under subsection (a) is being carried out, the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall retain primary responsibility for the conduct of all back-ground reviews required by section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)). (d) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program es-tablished under subsection (a) shall termi-nate on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the pilot pro-gram established under subsection (a) termi-nates under subsection (d), the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report on the conduct of back-ground reviews under the pilot program that includes— (1) a comparison of the effectiveness of and timelines required for background reviews conducted by the Secretary under the pilot program and background reviews conducted by the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation under section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)); and (2) the number of such reviews conducted for individuals who are citizens or agents of each country on the sensitive countries list referred to in that section. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ATIONAL SECURITY LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘national security laboratory’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501). 
SEC. 3116. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR AC-CEPTANCE OF CONTRIBUTIONS FOR ACCELERATION OF REMOVAL OR SE-CURITY OF FISSILE MATERIALS, RA-DIOLOGICAL MATERIALS, AND RE-LATED EQUIPMENT AT VULNERABLE SITES WORLDWIDE. 
Section 3132(f)(7) of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2569(f)(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2023’’. 
SEC. 3117. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON DE-VELOPMENT OF LOW-YIELD NU-CLEAR WEAPONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The global posture of strategic nuclear forces has changed dramatically during the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3522 June 11, 2018 
10 years preceding the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion— (A) is violating the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimi-nation of their Intermediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Wash-ington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988 (commonly known as the ‘‘INF Treaty’’); (B) is expanding its nuclear delivery sys-tems beyond the limitations provided for under the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on February 5, 2011 (commonly known as the ‘‘New START Treaty’’); and (C) has considerable numerical advantages over the United States in tactical nuclear weapons. (3) Congress concurs with the findings of the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review. (4) United States nuclear forces must ad-just to new strategic realities. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION .—Section 3116(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1746; 50 U.S.C. 2529 note) is amended by striking ‘‘specifically authorized by Con-gress’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary specifi-cally requests funding for the development of that weapon pursuant to section 4209(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529(a))’’. 
SEC. 3118. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TERMINATING ACTIVITIES AT MOX FACILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Energy by this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year before fiscal year 2020 may be obligated or expended— (1) to terminate construction and project support activities at the MOX facility; or (2) to convert the MOX facility to be used for any purpose other than its original mis-sion. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘MOX facility’’ and ‘‘project support activi-ties’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3121(c) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). Subtitle C—Plans and Reports 
SEC. 3121. MODIFICATIONS TO COST-BENEFIT ANALYSES FOR COMPETITION OF MANAGEMENT AND OPERATING CONTRACTS. 
Section 3121 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2175), as most recently amended by section 3135 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1207), is further amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) R
EPORTS REQUIRED .—If the Adminis-trator for Nuclear Security awards a new contract to manage and operate a facility of the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion, the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report described in subsection (b) with respect to the contract by not later than 30 days after the completion of the period required to transition to the contract.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(3), by inserting ‘‘, the costs of the transition to the contract from the previous contract,’’ after ‘‘conducting the competition’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the Comptroller General shall determine, in consultation with the congressional defense committees, whether to conduct a comprehensive review of a re-port required by subsection (a). ‘‘(B) S
UBMISSION .—The Comptroller Gen-eral shall submit a comprehensive review conducted under subparagraph (A) of a re-port required by subsection (a) to the con-gressional defense committees not later than 3 years after that report is submitted to such committees. ‘‘(C) E
LEMENTS .—A comprehensive review conducted under subparagraph (A) of a re-port required by subsection (a) shall include an assessment, based on the most current in-formation available, of the following: ‘‘(i) The actual cost savings achieved com-pared to cost savings estimated under sub-section (b)(1), and any increased costs in-curred under the contract that were unex-pected or uncertain at the time the contract was awarded. ‘‘(ii) Any disruptions or delays in mission activities or deliverables resulting from the competition for the contract compared to the disruptions and delays estimated under subsection (b)(4). ‘‘(iii) Whether expected benefits of the competition with respect to mission per-formance or operations have been achieved. ‘‘(iv) Such other matters as the Comp-troller General considers appropriate.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 3122. REVIEW OF DEFENSE ENVIRON-MENTAL CLEANUP ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall enter into an arrangement with the Na-tional Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine to conduct a review of the de-fense environmental cleanup activities of the Office of Environmental Management of the Department of Energy. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review conducted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of— (A) project management practices with re-spect to the activities described in sub-section (a); (B) the outcomes of such activities; and (C) the appropriateness of the level of en-gagement and oversight of the Office of En-vironmental Management with respect to such activities; and (2) recommendations with respect to ac-tions to enhance the effectiveness of such ac-tivities. 
SEC. 3123. SURVEY OF WORKFORCE OF NATIONAL SECURITY LABORATORIES AND NU-CLEAR WEAPONS PRODUCTION FA-CILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report that includes— (1) a detailed proposal for a survey of the workforce of the national security labora-tories and nuclear weapons production facili-ties that is modeled on the Federal Em-ployee Viewpoint Survey of the Office of Per-sonnel Management; (2) the determination of the Administrator with respect to whether to implement the survey; and (3) if the Administrator determines not to implement the survey, a description of the reasons for that determination. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION FACTORS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall address fac-tors associated with implementation of the survey described in that subsection, includ-ing— (1) the costs of designing the survey; (2) the time required for and the costs of administering the survey and analyzing the data from the survey; (3) the periodicity of administering the survey to ascertain trends; and (4) any other matters the Administrator considers appropriate. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘national security laboratory’’ and ‘‘nuclear weapons production facility’’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501). 
SEC. 3124. ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN REPORTS. 
(a) R EPORT OF OWNER ’SAGENT ON HANFORD  W
ASTE TREATMENT AND IMMOBILIZATION  P
LANT CONTRACT .—Section 4446 of the Atom-ic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2626) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. (b) F
UTURE -YEARS DEFENSE ENVIRON -
MENTAL MANAGEMENT PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4402A of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2582a) is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4402A. (c) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION OF SHIPMENTS TO  W
ASTE ISOLATION PILOT PLANT .—Section 3115 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2759) is repealed. 
SEC. 3125. IMPLEMENTATION OF NUCLEAR POS-TURE REVIEW BY NATIONAL NU-CLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than De-cember 1, 2018, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the imple-mentation of the 2018 Nuclear Posture Re-view by the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A list of specific actions associated with implementation of the policies set forth in the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review applicable to the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration. (2) For each such action— (A) an identification of the office within the Administration with responsibility for the action; and (B) key milestones for the action. (3) A discussion of any challenges to suc-cessfully implementing such actions. (4) A description of the process established for monitoring the implementation of such actions. (5) A description of policy decisions by the Administrator that are necessary to com-plete the implementation of such actions. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
SEC. 3201. AUTHORIZATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019, $31,243,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 3501. MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 109 of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 109. Maritime Administration ‘‘(a) O
RGANIZATION AND MISSION .—The Mar- itime Administration is an administration in the Department of Transportation. The mis-sion of the Maritime Administration is to foster, promote, and develop the merchant maritime industry of the United States. ‘‘(b) M
ARITIME ADMINISTRATOR .—The head of the Maritime Administration is the Mari-time Administrator, who is appointed by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3523 June 11, 2018 
President by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate. The Administrator shall report directly to the Secretary of Transpor-tation and carry out the duties prescribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) D
EPUTY MARITIME ADMINISTRATOR .— The Maritime Administration shall have a Deputy Maritime Administrator, who is ap-pointed in the competitive service by the Secretary, after consultation with the Ad-ministrator. The Deputy Administrator shall carry out the duties prescribed by the Ad-ministrator. The Deputy Administrator shall be Acting Administrator during the absence or disability of the Administrator and, un-less the Secretary designates another indi-vidual, during a vacancy in the office of Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(d) D
UTIES AND POWERS VESTED IN SEC-
RETARY .—All duties and powers of the Mari-time Administration are vested in the Sec-retary. ‘‘(e) R
EGIONAL OFFICES .—The Maritime Ad-ministration shall have regional offices for the Atlantic, Gulf, Great Lakes, and Pacific port ranges, and may have other regional of-fices as necessary. The Secretary shall ap-point a qualified individual as Director of each regional office. The Secretary shall carry out appropriate activities and pro-grams of the Maritime Administration through the regional offices. ‘‘(f) I
NTERAGENCY AND INDUSTRY RELA-
TIONS .—The Secretary shall establish and maintain liaison with other agencies, and with representative trade organizations throughout the United States, concerned with the transportation of commodities by water in the export and import foreign com-merce of the United States, for the purpose of securing preference to vessels of the United States for the transportation of those commodities. ‘‘(g) D
ETAILING OFFICERS FROM ARMED  F
ORCES .—To assist the Secretary in carrying out duties and powers relating to the Mari-time Administration, not more than five of-ficers of the Armed Forces may be detailed to the Secretary at any one time, in addition to details authorized by any other law. Dur-ing the period of a detail, the Secretary shall pay the officer an amount that, when added to the officer’s pay and allowances as an offi-cer in the Armed Forces, makes the officer’s total pay and allowances equal to the amount that would be paid to an individual performing work the Secretary considers to be of similar importance, difficulty, and re-sponsibility as that performed by the officer during the detail. ‘‘(h) C
ONTRACTS , C OOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS , ANDAUDITS .— ‘‘(1) CONTRACTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .—In the same manner that a private corporation may make a contract within the scope of its authority under its charter, the Secretary may make contracts and coopera-tive agreements for the United States Gov-ernment and disburse amounts to— ‘‘(A) carry out the Secretary’s duties and powers under this section, subtitle V of title 46, and all other Maritime Administration programs; and ‘‘(B) protect, preserve, and improve collat-eral held by the Secretary to secure indebt-edness. ‘‘(2) A
UDITS .—The financial transactions of the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be audited by the Comptroller General. The Comptroller General shall allow credit for an expenditure shown to be necessary because of the nature of the business activities au-thorized by this section or subtitle V of title 46. At least once a year, the Comptroller General shall report to Congress any depar-ture by the Secretary from this section or subtitle V of title 46. ‘‘(i) G
RANT ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .— Except as otherwise provided by law, the ad-ministrative and related expenses for the ad-ministration of any grant programs by the Maritime Administrator may not exceed 3 percent. ‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, there are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be necessary to carry out the duties and powers of the Secretary relating to the Maritime Administration. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—Only those amounts specifically authorized by law may be appro-priated for the use of the Maritime Adminis-tration for— ‘‘(A) acquisition, construction, or recon-struction of vessels; ‘‘(B) construction-differential subsidies in-cident to the construction, reconstruction, or reconditioning of vessels; ‘‘(C) costs of national defense features; ‘‘(D) payments of obligations incurred for operating-differential subsidies; ‘‘(E) expenses necessary for research and development activities, including reimburse-ment of the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund for losses resulting from expenses of experimental vessel operations; ‘‘(F) the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund; ‘‘(G) National Defense Reserve Fleet ex-penses; ‘‘(H) expenses necessary to carry out part B of subtitle V of title 46; and ‘‘(I) other operations and training expenses related to the development of waterborne transportation systems, the use of water-borne transportation systems, and general administration.’’. SEC. 3502. PERMANENT AUTHORITY OF SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION TO ISSUE VESSEL WAR RISK INSUR-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 53912 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 539 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 53912. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS IN FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever a funding table in this division specifies a dollar amount au-thorized for a project, program, or activity, the obligation and expenditure of the speci-fied dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. (b) M
ERIT-BASED DECISIONS .—A decision to commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to a specific entity on the basis of a dollar amount authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) be based on merit-based selection proce-dures in accordance with the requirements of sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United States Code, or on competitive procedures; and (2) comply with other applicable provisions of law. (c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRANSFER AND PRO-
GRAMMING AUTHORITY .—An amount specified in the funding tables in this division may be transferred or reprogrammed under a trans-fer or reprogramming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The transfer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or sec-tion 1522 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation ac-counts. (d) A
PPLICABILITY TO CLASSIFIED ANNEX .— This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. (e) O
RAL WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS .—No oral or written communication concerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the require-ments of this section. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 2 UTILITY F/W AIRCRAFT ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 744 744 3 MQ–1 UAV ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 43,326 43,326 4 RQ–11 (RAVEN) ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 46,416 46,416 ROTARY 7 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 753,248 753,248 8 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN AP ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 174,550 174,550 9 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIB NEW BUILD ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 284,687 284,687 10 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIB NEW BUILD AP ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 58,600 58,600 11 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 988,810 988,810 12 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) AP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 106,150 106,150 13 UH–60 BLACK HAWK A AND L MODELS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 146,138 146,138 14 CH–47 HELICOPTER ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 99,278 99,278 15 CH–47 HELICOPTER AP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 24,235 24,235 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 18 UNIVERSAL GROUND CONTROL EQUIPMENT (UAS) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 27,114 27,114 19 GRAY EAGLE MODS2 ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 97,781 97,781 20 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 52,274 52,274 21 AH–64 MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 104,996 104,996 22 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 7,807 7,807 23 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 5,573 5,573 24 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 7,522 7,522 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:39 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3524 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
25 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 20,448 20,448 26 UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 17,719 17,719 27 UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 6,443 6,443 28 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 123,614 123,614 29 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 161,969 161,969 30 DEGRADED VISUAL ENVIRONMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 30,000 30,000 31 GATM ROLLUP ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 26,848 26,848 32 RQ–7 UAV MODS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 103,246 103,246 33 UAS MODS .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 17,644 17,644 GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 34 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 57,170 57,170 35 SURVIVABILITY CM ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 5,853 5,853 36 CMWS ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 13,496 13,496 37 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 36,839 36,839 OTHER SUPPORT 38 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,778 1,778 39 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 34,818 34,818 40 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 27,243 27,243 41 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 63,872 63,872 42 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 1,417 1,417 43 LAUNCHER, 2.75 ROCKET ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 1,901 1,901 44 LAUNCHER GUIDED MISSILE: LONGBOW HELLFIRE XM2 ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 991 991 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..3,782,558 3,782,558 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 1 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 111,395 111,395 2 MSE MISSILE .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 871,276 871,276 3 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2–I .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 145,636 645,636 Acceleration of cruise missile defense ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. [500,000] 4 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2–I AP ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 31,286 31,286 AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 6 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 276,462 276,462 ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 8 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 303,665 303,665 9 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 105,014 105,014 10 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY AP ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 19,949 19,949 11 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 359,613 359,613 
12 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 20,964 20,964 MODIFICATIONS 15 PATRIOT MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 313,228 313,228 16 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 221,656 141,656 Requested quantity exceeds maximum ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................. [–80,000] 17 GMLRS MOD ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 266 266 18 STINGER MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 94,756 94,756 19 AVENGER MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 48,670 48,670 20 ITAS/TOW MODS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 3,173 3,173 21 MLRS MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 383,216 383,216 22 HIMARS MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 10,196 10,196 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 23 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 27,737 27,737 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 24 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 6,417 6,417 25 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 1,202 1,202 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....3,355,777 3,775,777 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 2 ARMORED MULTI PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 479,801 379,801 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ [–100,000] MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 4 STRYKER (MOD) ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 287,490 138,100 Army requested transfer ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... [–149,390] 5 STRYKER UPGRADE .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 21,900 171,290 Army requested transfer ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... [149,390] 6 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 625,424 301,424 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ [–324,000] 7 M109 FOV MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 26,482 26,482 8 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 351,802 461,802 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. [110,000] 9 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 110,500 110,500 10 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,120 2,120 11 ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 62,407 62,407 12 M88 FOV MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 4,517 4,517 13 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 142,255 142,255 14 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 927,600 927,600 
15 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,075,999 1,075,999 WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 18 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN (7.62MM) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 1,955 1,955 19 MULTI-ROLE ANTI-ARMOR ANTI-PERSONNEL WEAPON S ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 23,345 23,345 20 GUN AUTOMATIC 30MM M230 ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 7,434 7,434 21 MACHINE GUN, CAL .50 M2 ROLL ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 22,330 22,330 22 MORTAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 12,470 12,470 23 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 697 697 24 COMPACT SEMI-AUTOMATIC SNIPER SYSTEM ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 46,236 46,236 25 CARBINE ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 69,306 69,306 26 SMALL ARMS—FIRE CONTROL ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 7,929 7,929 27 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 35,968 35,968 28 HANDGUN ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 48,251 48,251 MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 29 MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 1,684 1,684 30 M777 MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 3,086 3,086 31 M4 CARBINE MODS ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 31,575 31,575 32 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 21,600 21,600 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3525 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
33 M249 SAW MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 3,924 3,924 34 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 6,940 6,940 35 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 2,747 2,747 36 M119 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 5,704 5,704 37 MORTAR MODIFICATION ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 3,965 3,965 38 MODIFICATIONS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 5,577 5,577 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 39 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 3,174 3,174 40 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (WOCV-WTCV) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 3,284 3,284 41 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PROG) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 1,640 1,640 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 4,489,118 4,175,118 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 1 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 41,848 35,148 FY2018 Omnibus forward finance ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................. [–6,700] 2 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 86,199 86,199 3 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 20,158 20,158 4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 65,573 65,573 5 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 8,198 8,198 7 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 77,995 77,995 8 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 69,781 69,781 MORTAR AMMUNITION 9 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 45,280 45,280 10 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 46,853 46,853 11 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 83,003 83,003 TANK AMMUNITION 12 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 168,101 168,101 ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 13 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 39,341 39,341 14 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 211,442 211,442 15 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 100,906 100,906 16 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 236,677 136,677 Ammunition Cuts ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ [–100,000] MINES 17 MINES & CLEARING CHARGES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 15,905 15,905 ROCKETS 18 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 4,503 4,503 19 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 211,211 211,211 OTHER AMMUNITION 20 CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES ..........................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 10,428 10,428 21 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 44,656 44,656 22 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 19,896 19,896 23 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 10,121 10,121 24 SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 11,464 11,464 MISCELLANEOUS 25 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 5,224 5,224 26 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 4,310 4,310 27 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 11,193 11,193 28 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 10,500 10,500 29 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 18,456 18,456 30 CLOSEOUT LIABILITIES ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 100 100 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 32 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 394,133 394,133 33 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 157,535 157,535 34 ARMS INITIATIVE ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 3,771 3,771 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 2,234,761 2,128,061 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 1 TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 16,512 16,512 2 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 16,951 16,951 3 AMBULANCE, 4 LITTER, 5/4 TON, 4X4 ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 50,123 50,123 4 GROUND MOBILITY VEHICLES (GMV) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 46,988 46,988 6 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 1,319,436 1,069,436 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ [–250,000] 7 TRUCK, DUMP, 20T (CCE) ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 6,480 6,480 8 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 132,882 132,882 9 FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 14,842 14,842 10 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 138,105 138,105 12 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 31,892 31,892 13 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 38,128 38,128 14 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 78,507 78,507 NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 16 HEAVY ARMORED VEHICLE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 790 790 17 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 1,390 1,390 18 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 15,415 15,415 COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 20 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ...............................................................................................................................
......................................... 150,777 150,777 21 TACTICAL NETWORK TECHNOLOGY MOD IN SVC ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 469,117 469,117 22 SITUATION INFORMATION TRANSPORT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 62,727 62,727 23 JOINT INCIDENT SITE COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITY ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 13,895 13,895 24 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USREDCOM) ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 4,866 4,866 COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 27 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 108,133 108,133 28 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 56,737 56,737 29 SHF TERM .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 13,100 13,100 30 SMART-T (SPACE) ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 9,160 9,160 31 GLOBAL BRDCST SVC—GBS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 25,647 25,647 32 ENROUTE MISSION COMMAND (EMC) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 37,401 37,401 COMM—C3 SYSTEM 36 COE TACTICAL SERVER INFRASTRUCTURE (TSI) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 20,500 20,500 COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 38 HANDHELD MANPACK SMALL FORM FIT (HMS) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 351,565 351,565 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3526 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
40 RADIO TERMINAL SET, MIDS LVT(2) ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 4,641 4,641 41 TRACTOR DESK ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 2,187 2,187 42 TRACTOR RIDE ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 9,411 9,411 44 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCR ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 17,515 17,515 45 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 819 819 46 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 17,807 17,807 47 COTS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 191,835 191,835 48 FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 25,177 25,177 COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 50 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE (MIP) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 9,740 9,740 51 DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION INITIATIVE ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2,667 2,667 INFORMATION SECURITY 53 FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 8,319 8,319 54 INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY PROGRAM-ISSP .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 2,000 2,000 55 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 88,337 88,337 56 DEFENSIVE CYBER OPERATIONS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 51,343 51,343 57 INSIDER THREAT PROGRAM—UNIT ACTIVITY MONITO ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 330 330 58 PERSISTENT CYBER TRAINING ENVIRONMENT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 3,000 3,000 COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 59 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 34,434 34,434 COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 60 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 95,558 95,558 61 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 4,736 4,736 62 HOME STATION MISSION COMMAND CENTERS (HSMCC) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 24,479 24,479 63 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 216,433 216,433 ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 66 JTT/CIBS-M (MIP) ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 10,268 10,268 68 DCGS-A (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 261,863 261,863 69 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS) (MIP) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 5,434 5,434 70 TROJAN (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 20,623 20,623 71 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 45,998 47,798 SOUTHCOM SIGINT Suite COMSAT RF ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................. [1,800] 72 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING & COLL(CHARCS)(MIP) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 296 296 76 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MIP) ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 410 410 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 77 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 9,165 9,165 78 EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 5,875 5,875 79 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) (MIP) .................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
.................................................... 8,497 8,497 83 CI MODERNIZATION (MIP) ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 486 486 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 84 SENTINEL MODS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 79,629 79,629 85 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 153,180 153,180 87 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 22,882 22,882 88 RADIATION MONITORING SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 17,393 17,393 90 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 46,740 46,740 91 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 140,737 140,737 93 PROFILER .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 171 171 94 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 405,239 405,239 95 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 66,574 66,574 96 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 20,783 20,783 97 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 8,553 8,553 98 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 21,489 21,489 99 COUNTERFIRE RADARS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 162,121 162,121 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 100 ARMY COMMAND POST INTEGRATED INFRASTRUCTURE ( .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 2,855 2,855 101 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 19,153 19,153 102 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 33,837 33,837 103 LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 5,136 5,136 104 NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 18,329 18,329 105 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 38,015 38,015 106 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 15,164 15,164 107 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 29,239 29,239 109 RECONNAISSANCE AND SURVEYING INSTRUMENT SET ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 6,823 6,823 110 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 1,177 1,177 ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 111 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 12,265 12,265 112 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 201,875 186,875 Consolidating more IT purchases ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... [–15,000] 113 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 10,976 10,976 114 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 66,330 66,330 115 CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 5,927 5,927 116 RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS (RCAS) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 27,896 27,896 ELECT EQUIP—AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 117 TACTICAL DIGITAL MEDIA ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 4,392 4,392 
118 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 1,970 1,970 ELECT EQUIP—SUPPORT 119 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (C-E) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 506 506 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 4,501 4,501 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 121 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 2,314 2,314 122 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 7,478 7,478 124 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 173,954 173,954 BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 125 TACTICAL BRIDGING .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 98,229 98,229 126 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 64,438 64,438 127 COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER (CBT) RECAP ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 79,916 79,916 ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 128 HANDHELD STANDOFF MINEFIELD DETECTION SYS-HST .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 8,471 8,471 129 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 29,883 29,883 130 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (AMDS) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 11,594 11,594 131 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMDS) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 40,834 40,834 132 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 4,029 4,029 133 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 14,208 14,208 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3527 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
134 ROBOTICS AND APPLIQUE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 31,456 31,456 136 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 1,748 1,748 137 < $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 7,829 7,829 138 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 5,806 5,806 COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 139 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 9,852 9,852 140 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 1,103 1,103 141 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 5,875 5,875 142 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 92,487 92,487 143 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 30,774 30,774 145 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 17,521 17,521 146 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 44,855 44,855 147 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 17,173 17,173 148 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 2,000 2,000 PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 149 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 1,770 1,770 150 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 39,730 39,730 MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 151 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 57,752 57,752 MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 152 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 37,722 37,722 153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 4,985 4,985 CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 155 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 7,961 7,961 156 HYDRAULIC EXCAVATOR ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 1,355 1,355 158 ALL TERRAIN CRANES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 13,031 13,031 159 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 46,048 46,048 160 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 980 980 161 CONST EQUIP ESP ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 37,017 37,017 162 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (CONST EQUIP) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 6,103 6,103 RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 163 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 27,711 27,711 164 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 8,385 8,385 GENERATORS 165 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 133,772 133,772 166 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 8,333 8,333 MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 167 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 12,901 12,901 TRAINING EQUIPMENT 168 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ ...............................................................................................................................
....................................... 123,228 123,228 169 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 228,598 228,598 170 CLOSE COMBAT TACTICAL TRAINER .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 33,080 33,080 171 AVIATION COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 32,700 32,700 172 GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 25,161 25,161 TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 173 CALIBRATION SETS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 4,270 4,270 174 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 76,295 76,295 175 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 9,806 9,806 OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 176 M25 STABILIZED BINOCULAR ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 4,368 4,368 177 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 9,879 9,879 178 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 54,043 54,043 179 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 6,633 6,633 180 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 49,797 49,797 181 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (OTH) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 2,301 2,301 182 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 11,608 11,608 183 TRACTOR YARD ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 4,956 4,956 OPA2 184 INITIAL SPARES—C&E ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 9,817 9,817 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......7,999,529 7,736,329 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY COMBAT AIRCRAFT 1 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 1,937,553 1,937,553 2 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET AP ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 58,799 58,799 3 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 1,144,958 1,023,958 Program Realignment ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... [–121,000] 4 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV AP ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 140,010 140,010 5 JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 2,312,847 2,312,847 6 JSF STOVL AP ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 228,492 228,492 7 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 1,113,804 1,113,804 8 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) AP ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 161,079 161,079 9 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 806,337 806,337 10 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) AP ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 36,955 36,955 11 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 820,755 820,755 14 P–8A POSEIDON ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 1,803,753 1,803,753 15 P–8A POSEIDON AP ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 180,000 180,000 
16 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 742,693 917,693 UPL—1 additional Aircraft ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... [175,000] 17 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE AP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 240,734 240,734 71 O/A-X LIGHT ATTACK AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 0 100,000 Initial procurement for light attack aircraft .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [100,000] AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 18 C–40A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 206,000 0 Funded in FY18 Omnibus ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... [–206,000] OTHER AIRCRAFT 20 KC–130J ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 160,433 160,433 21 KC–130J AP .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 110,013 110,013 22 MQ–4 TRITON ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 568,743 568,743 23 MQ–4 TRITON AP .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 58,522 58,522 24 MQ–8 UAV .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 54,761 54,761 25 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 14,866 14,866 26 VH–92A EXECUTIVE HELO ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 649,015 649,015 72 UAV ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 0 100,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3528 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Procurement of UAV ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... [100,000] MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 27 AEA SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 25,277 25,277 28 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 58,577 58,577 29 ADVERSARY ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 14,606 14,606 30 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 1,213,482 1,227,382 UPL—EA–18G Advanced Modes / Cognitive EW ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... [13,900] 31 H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 70,997 70,997 32 SH–60 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 130,661 130,661 33 H–1 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 87,143 87,143 34 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 3,633 3,633 35 P–3 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 803 803 36 E–2 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 88,780 88,780 37 TRAINER A/C SERIES .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 11,660 11,660 38 C–2A ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 11,327 11,327 39 C–130 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 79,075 79,075 40 FEWSG ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 597 597 41 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 8,932 8,932 42 E–6 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 181,821 181,821 43 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 23,566 23,566 44 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 7,620 7,620 45 T–45 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 195,475 195,475 46 POWER PLANT CHANGES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 21,521 21,521 47 JPATS SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 27,644 27,644 48 AVIATION LIFE SUPPORT MODS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 15,864 15,864 49 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 166,306 191,306 UPL—F/A–18 E/F Adaptative Radar Countermeasures ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. [25,000] 50 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 117,551 117,551 51 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 1,994 1,994 52 ID SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 40,696 40,696 53 P–8 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 71,251 71,251 54 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 11,590 11,590 55 MQ–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 37,907 37,907 57 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 214,820 214,820 58 NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 952 952 59 F–35 STOVL SERIES ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 36,618 70,118 F–35B Modifications Increase ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... [33,500] 60 F–35 CV SERIES .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 21,236 26,236 F–35C Modifications Increase ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... [5,000] 61 QRC ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 101,499 101,499 62 MQ–4 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 48,278 48,278 63 RQ–21 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 6,904 6,904 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 64 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 1,792,920 1,842,920 F–35B and F–35C spares quantity increase ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... [50,000] AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 65 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 421,606 421,606 66 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 24,496 24,496 67 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 42,108 42,108 68 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,444 1,444 69 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 49,489 49,489 70 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 1,951 1,951 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..19,041,799 19,217,199 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 1 TRIDENT II MODS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 1,078,750 1,078,750 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 2 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 6,998 6,998 STRATEGIC MISSILES 3 TOMAHAWK ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 98,570 98,570 TACTICAL MISSILES 4 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 211,058 211,058 5 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 77,927 122,927 Navy UPL: Increase to maximum capacity ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ [45,000] 6 JSOW ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 1,330 1,330 7 STANDARD MISSILE ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 490,210 490,210 8 STANDARD MISSILE AP .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 125,683 125,683 9 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 91,272 91,272 10 RAM ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 96,221 96,221 11 JOINT AIR GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 24,109 24,109 14 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS (SOPGM) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 11,378 11,378 15 AERIAL TARGETS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 137,137 137,137 
16 OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 3,318 3,318 17 LRASM ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 81,190 111,190 Navy UPL: Increase to maximum capacity ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ [30,000] 18 LCS OTH MISSILE ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 18,156 18,156 MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 19 ESSM ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 98,384 98,384 20 HARPOON MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 14,840 26,840 Navy UPL: Increase to max capacity ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................. [12,000] 21 HARM MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 187,985 74,085 Reduce procurement due to test results ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. [–113,900] SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 23 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 2,006 2,006 24 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 66,779 66,779 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 25 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 62,008 62,008 TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 26 SSTD ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 6,353 6,353 27 MK–48 TORPEDO ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 92,616 103,616 Navy UPL: Increase to maximum capacity ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ [11,000] 28 ASW TARGETS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 12,324 12,324 MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3529 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
29 MK–54 TORPEDO MODS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 105,946 105,946 30 MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 40,005 40,005 31 QUICKSTRIKE MINE ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 9,758 9,758 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 32 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 79,371 79,371 33 ASW RANGE SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 3,872 3,872 DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 34 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 3,726 3,726 GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 35 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 15,067 15,067 MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 36 CIWS MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 63,318 63,318 37 COAST GUARD WEAPONS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 40,823 40,823 38 GUN MOUNT MODS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 74,618 74,618 39 LCS MODULE WEAPONS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 11,350 5,350 Early to need .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ [–6,000] 41 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 22,249 22,249 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 43 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 135,688 135,688 TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..3,702,393 3,680,493 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 79,871 79,871 2 JDAM ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 87,900 87,900 3 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 151,431 151,431 4 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 11,344 11,344 5 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 49,471 49,471 6 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 56,227 56,227 7 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 66,382 66,382 8 JATOS ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 2,907 2,907 9 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 72,657 72,657 10 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 33,613 20,613 Alamo LRIP ahead of testing .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... [–13,000] 11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 42,142 42,142 12 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 49,888 49,888 13 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 10,931 10,931 15 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 1,106 1,106 MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 19 MORTARS .....................................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 28,266 28,266 21 DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 63,664 63,664 22 INFANTRY WEAPONS AMMUNITION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 59,295 59,295 26 COMBAT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 31,577 31,577 28 AMMO MODERNIZATION .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 15,001 15,001 29 ARTILLERY MUNITIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 86,297 86,297 30 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 6,239 6,239 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 1,006,209 993,209 SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE SHIPS 1 OHIO REPLACEMENT SUBMARINE AP ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 3,005,330 3,005,330 OTHER WARSHIPS 2 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 1,598,181 1,598,181 4 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 4,373,382 4,373,382 5 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE AP .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 2,796,401 3,046,401 FY19–23 MYP EOQ or SIB expansion ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. [250,000] 7 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS AP ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 449,597 449,597 8 DDG 1000 ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 270,965 0 Cost growth transfer to Line 28 ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... [–270,965] 9 DDG–51 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 5,253,327 5,225,827 Multiyear procurement contract savings ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... [–27,500] 10 DDG–51 AP ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 391,928 641,928 Enable greater long lead material procurement .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................... [250,000] 11 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 646,244 576,244 Align Plans and Other costs with end of production ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... [–70,000] AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 12 LPD –17 ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 0 650,000 AP for FY2020 LPD Flight II and/or MYP EOQ ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... [650,000] 13 EXPEDITIONARY SEA BASE (ESB) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 650,000 650,000 AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 16 TAO FLEET OILER ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 977,104 977,104 17 TAO FLEET OILER AP .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 75,046 75,046 18 TOWING, SALVAGE, AND RESCUE SHIP (ATS) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 80,517 80,517 20 LCU 1700 .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 41,520 41,520 21 OUTFITTING .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 634,038 562,038 Unjustified cost growth ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... [–72,000] 22 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 325,375 325,375 
23 SERVICE CRAFT ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 72,062 97,062 Accelerate detail design and construction of YP–703 Flight II .................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. [25,000] 24 LCAC SLEP ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 23,321 23,321 28 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 207,099 478,064 Cost growth transfer from Line 8 ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... [270,965] 29 CABLE SHIP .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 0 250,000 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. [250,000] TOTAL SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 21,871,437 23,126,937 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 1 SURFACE POWER EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 19,700 19,700 GENERATORS 3 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 23,495 23,495 NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 4 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 63,330 73,330 Accelerate ECDIS-N 9.3, 9.4, 9.5 implementation ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... [10,000] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3530 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 5 SUB PERISCOPE, IMAGING AND SUPT EQUIP PROG ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 178,421 178,421 6 DDG MOD ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 487,999 487,999 7 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 28,143 28,143 8 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 2,248 2,248 9 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 37,694 37,694 10 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 20,883 20,883 11 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 37,155 37,155 12 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 66,328 66,328 13 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 47,241 47,241 14 SUBMARINE BATTERIES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 27,987 27,987 15 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 65,033 65,033 16 DDG 1000 CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 89,700 51,300 Procurement early to need ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... [–38,400] 17 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 22,254 22,254 18 DSSP EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 3,629 3,629 19 CG MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 276,446 276,446 20 LCAC ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 3,709 3,709 21 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 78,807 78,807 22 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 126,865 101,865 Insufficient justification for CVN–78 in-service requirements .................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... [–25,000] 23 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 2,966 2,966 24 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 11,968 11,968 REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 25 REACTOR POWER UNITS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 346,325 346,325 26 REACTOR COMPONENTS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 497,063 497,063 OCEAN ENGINEERING 27 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 10,706 10,706 SMALL BOATS 28 STANDARD BOATS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 49,771 49,771 PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 29 OPERATING FORCES IPE ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 225,181 225,181 OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 31 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 46,732 46,732 32 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 124,147 152,063 Transfer Cobra trainer from Line 53 ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................. [8,616] Transfer Knifefish and UISS trainers from Line 52 .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... [19,300] 33 LCS ASW MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
.............................................. 57,294 39,294 Excess procurement ahead of satisfactory testing ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... [–18,000] 34 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 26,006 14,506 Excess procurement ahead of satisfactory testing ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... [–11,500] 35 LCS IN-SERVICE MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 70,526 70,526 LOGISTIC SUPPORT 36 LSD MIDLIFE & MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 4,784 4,784 SHIP SONARS 37 SPQ–9B RADAR ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 20,309 20,309 38 AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 115,459 115,459 39 SSN ACOUSTIC EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 318,189 318,189 40 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 10,134 10,134 ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 41 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 23,815 23,815 42 SSTD ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 11,277 6,277 AN/SLQ–32E contract delay ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... [–5,000] 43 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 237,780 237,780 44 SURTASS ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 57,872 57,872 ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 45 AN/SLQ–32 ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 420,344 420,344 RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 46 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 220,883 220,883 47 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 4,028 4,028 OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 48 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 44,173 38,173 Common Array Block antenna program delay ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ [–6,000] 49 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 10,991 10,991 50 ATDLS ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 34,526 34,526 51 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 3,769 3,769 52 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 35,709 16,409 Transfer Knifefish and UISS trainers to Line 32 ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... [–19,300] 53 SHALLOW WATER MCM ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 8,616 0 Transfer Cobra trainer to Line 32 .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... [–8,616] 54 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 10,703 10,703 55 AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 2,626 2,626 56 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 9,467 9,467 AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 57 ASHORE ATC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 70,849 70,849 58 AFLOAT ATC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 47,890 47,890 
59 ID SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 26,163 26,163 60 JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEM ( ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 38,094 38,094 61 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 11,966 11,966 OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 62 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 42,010 42,010 63 DCGS-N ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 12,896 12,896 64 CANES ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 423,027 423,027 65 RADIAC ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 8,175 8,175 66 CANES-INTELL ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 54,465 54,465 67 GPETE ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 5,985 5,985 68 MASF ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 5,413 5,413 69 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 6,251 6,251 70 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 4,183 4,183 71 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 148,350 142,950 NGSSR installation funding early to need ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. [–5,400] SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 72 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 45,450 45,450 73 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 105,087 105,087 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3531 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
74 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 41,123 41,123 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 75 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 30,897 30,897 76 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 78,580 78,580 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 77 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 41,205 41,205 78 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 113,885 113,885 SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 79 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 4,292 4,292 CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 80 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 153,526 153,526 81 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 951 951 CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 82 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 14,209 17,009 SOUTHCOM CCO Sensor (2 suites) ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [2,800] OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 86 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 40,713 40,713 SONOBUOYS 88 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 177,891 213,891 Navy UPL ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. [36,000] AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 89 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 93,864 93,864 90 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 111,724 111,724 91 ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 11,054 11,054 92 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 21,072 21,072 93 DCRS/DPL .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 656 656 94 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 11,299 11,299 95 LAMPS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 594 594 96 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 39,374 39,374 97 UMCS-UNMAN CARRIER AVIATION(UCA)MISSION CNTRL ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 35,405 35,405 SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 98 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 5,337 5,337 SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 99 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 213,090 213,090 100 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 92,890 92,890 FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 101 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 271,817 271,817 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 102 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 129,501 129,501 103 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 19,436 19,436 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 104 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 14,258 14,258 105 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 5,378 5,378 OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 106 SUBMARINE TRAINING DEVICE MODS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 65,543 65,543 107 SURFACE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 230,425 230,425 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 108 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 4,867 4,867 109 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 2,674 2,674 110 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 20,994 20,994 111 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 17,189 17,189 112 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 19,916 19,916 113 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 7,400 7,400 114 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 2,713 2,713 115 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 35,540 35,540 116 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 1,155 1,155 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 117 SUPPLY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 18,786 18,786 118 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 5,375 5,375 119 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 580,371 580,371 TRAINING DEVICES 120 TRAINING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 3,400 3,400 121 TRAINING AND EDUCATION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 24,283 24,283 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 122 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 66,681 66,681 123 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 3,352 3,352 125 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,984 1,984 126 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 15,131 15,131 127 C4ISR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 3,576 3,576 128 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 31,902 31,902 129 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 175,436 195,436 New Navy port waterborne security barriers increase ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................... [20,000] 130 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 25,393 25,393 OTHER 133 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 96,269 96,269 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 15,681 15,681 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 134 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 326,838 326,838 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........9,414,355 9,373,855 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 1 AAV7A1 PIP ...................................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 156,249 78,149 Unjustified investment in a vehicle with low/limited combat utility ............................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ [–78,100] 2 AMPHIBIOUS COMBAT VEHICLE 1.1 ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 167,478 167,478 3 LAV PIP ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 43,701 43,701 ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 5 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 47,158 47,158 6 ARTILLERY WEAPONS SYSTEM ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 134,246 134,246 7 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 40,687 40,687 OTHER SUPPORT 8 MODIFICATION KITS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 22,904 22,904 GUIDED MISSILES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3532 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
9 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 18,334 18,334 10 ANTI-ARMOR MISSILE-JAVELIN .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 3,020 3,020 11 FAMILY ANTI-ARMOR WEAPON SYSTEMS (FOAAWS) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 13,760 13,760 12 ANTI-ARMOR MISSILE-TOW ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 59,702 59,702 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 13 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 35,467 35,467 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 14 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 46,081 46,081 OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 15 MODIFICATION KITS ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 971 971 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 16 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 69,203 69,203 17 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 14,269 14,269 RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 18 RADAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 6,694 6,694 19 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 224,969 224,969 INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 21 GCSS-MC ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 1,187 1,187 22 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 60,189 60,189 23 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 73,848 73,848 25 UNMANNED AIR SYSTEMS (INTEL) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 3,848 3,848 26 DCGS-MC ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 16,081 16,081 OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 30 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 87,120 87,120 31 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 68,914 68,914 32 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 124,838 99,870 Operational limitations of NOTM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... [–24,968] 33 RADIO SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 279,680 279,680 34 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 36,649 36,649 35 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 83,971 83,971 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 3,626 3,626 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 36 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 25,441 25,441 TACTICAL VEHICLES 37 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 11,392 11,392 38 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 607,011 607,011 39 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 2,393 2,393 40 TRAILERS .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 6,540 6,540 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 41 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 496 496 42 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS .......................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 54 54 43 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 21,062 21,062 44 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 5,290 5,290 45 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 47,854 47,854 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 46 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 28,306 28,306 GENERAL PROPERTY 47 FIELD MEDICAL EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 33,513 33,513 48 TRAINING DEVICES ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 52,040 41,632 Excess to need ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... [–10,408] 49 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 36,156 36,156 50 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEH (ITV) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 606 606 OTHER SUPPORT 51 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 11,608 11,608 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 53 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 25,804 25,804 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...2,860,410 2,746,934 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL FORCES 1 F–35 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 4,261,021 4,193,521 Program Realignment ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... [–67,500] 2 F–35 AP ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 406,000 406,000 18 O/A-X LIGHT ATTACK AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 0 350,000 Procurement of OA-X aircraft and long lead materials ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... [350,000] OTHER COMBAT AIRCRAFT 3 C–135B ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 222,176 222,176 TACTICAL AIRLIFT 4 KC–46A TANKER ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 2,559,911 2,312,011 Interim contractor support ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ [–102,700] Restore program accountability ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... [–145,200] OTHER AIRLIFT 5 C–130J ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 35,858 35,858 6 HC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 129,437 129,437 8 MC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 770,201 770,201 9 MC–130J AP ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 218,000 218,000 HELICOPTERS 11 COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 680,201 680,201 MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 13 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 2,719 2,719 OTHER AIRCRAFT 14 TARGET DRONES ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 139,053 139,053 15 COMPASS CALL MODS ...........................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 108,113 108,113 17 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 221,707 341,707 Increase to accelerate Advanced Battle Management System ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... [120,000] STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 19 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 60,301 60,301 20 B–1B ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 51,290 51,290 21 B–52 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 105,519 100,719 Air Force requested realignment ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... [–14,800] LRASM certification ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ [10,000] TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 23 A–10 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 98,720 163,720 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3533 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Additional replacement wings ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... [65,000] 24 C–130J ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 10,831 10,831 25 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 548,109 548,109 26 F–16 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 324,323 324,323 27 F–22A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 250,710 250,710 29 F–35 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 247,271 297,271 F–35A Modifications increase ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... [50,000] 30 F–15 EPAW ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 147,685 147,685 31 INCREMENT 3.2B .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 9,007 9,007 33 KC–46A TANKER ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 8,547 8,547 AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 34 C–5 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 77,845 77,845 36 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 102,121 102,121 37 C–21 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 17,516 17,516 38 C–32A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 4,537 4,537 39 C–37A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 419 419 TRAINER AIRCRAFT 41 GLIDER MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 137 137 42 T–6 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 22,550 22,550 43 T–1 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 21,952 21,952 44 T–38 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 70,623 70,623 OTHER AIRCRAFT 45 U–2 MODS .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 48,774 48,774 46 KC–10A (ATCA) ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 11,104 11,104 47 C–12 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 4,900 4,900 48 VC–25A MOD .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 36,938 36,938 49 C–40 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 251 251 50 C–130 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 22,094 96,094 T56 Series 3.5 Engine Enhancement packages ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ [74,000] 51 C–130J MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 132,045 132,045 52 C–135 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 113,076 113,076 53 OC–135B ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 5,913 5,913 54 COMPASS CALL MODS ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 49,885 49,885 55 COMBAT FLIGHT INSPECTION (CFIN) ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 499 499 56 RC–135 ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 394,532 394,532 57 E–3 ......................................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
................................................................. 133,906 133,906 58 E–4 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 67,858 67,858 59 E–8 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 9,919 34,919 Central Computer upgrade design ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................. [25,000] 60 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CNTR SYS (AWACS) 40/45 ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 57,780 57,780 61 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 14,293 14,293 62 H–1 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 2,940 2,940 63 H–60 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 55,466 55,466 64 RQ–4 MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 23,715 23,715 65 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 37,754 37,754 66 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 62,010 62,010 67 MQ–9 MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 171,548 171,548 69 CV–22 MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 60,416 60,416 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 70 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 956,408 1,006,408 F–35A spares ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... [50,000] COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 71 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 81,241 81,241 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 74 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 1,763 1,763 75 B–2B ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 35,861 35,861 76 B–52 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 12,819 12,819 77 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 10,114 10,114 79 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 2,545 2,545 81 F–16 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 11,718 11,718 82 F–22A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 14,489 14,489 83 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 9,928 9,928 84 RQ–4 POST PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 40,641 40,641 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 86 INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 17,378 17,378 WAR CONSUMABLES 88 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 29,342 29,342 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 89 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,502,386 1,502,386 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 28,278 28,278 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 16,206,937 16,620,737 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 1 MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 36,786 36,786 TACTICAL 
2 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 430,708 430,708 3 LRASM0 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 44,185 54,385 Restore reduction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. [10,200] 4 SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 121,253 121,253 5 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 337,886 337,886 6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 113,765 113,765 7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 105,034 105,034 8 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 100,861 92,861 Unit price adjustment .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... [–8,000] INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 9 INDUSTR’L PREPAREDNS/POL PREVENTION .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 787 787 CLASS IV 10 ICBM FUZE MOD ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 15,767 15,767 11 ICBM FUZE MOD AP ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 4,100 4,100 12 MM III MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 129,199 129,199 13 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 288 288 14 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 47,632 47,632 MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3534 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
16 REPLEN SPARES/REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 97,481 97,481 SPECIAL PROGRAMS 18 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 188,539 188,539 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 895,183 895,183 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 2,669,454 2,671,654 SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE SPACE PROGRAMS 1 ADVANCED EHF ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 29,829 29,829 2 AF SATELLITE COMM SYSTEM ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 35,400 35,400 3 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 1,121 1,121 4 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 27,867 27,867 5 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES(SPACE) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 61,606 61,606 6 GENERAL INFORMATION TECH—SPACE ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 3,425 3,425 7 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 69,386 69,386 8 GLOBAL POSTIONING (SPACE) .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 2,181 2,181 9 INTEG BROADCAST SERV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 16,445 16,445 10 SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 31,895 31,895 12 MILSATCOM ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 11,265 11,265 13 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 709,981 709,981 14 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH(SPACE) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 994,555 994,555 15 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 138,397 138,397 17 NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 7,705 7,705 18 ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 47,609 47,609 19 SPACE FENCE ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 51,361 51,361 20 SPACE MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 148,065 148,065 21 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 117,637 117,637 SPARES 22 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 21,812 21,812 TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 2,527,542 2,527,542 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ROCKETS 1 ROCKETS ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 345,911 345,911 CARTRIDGES 2 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 163,840 163,840 BOMBS 3 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 20,876 20,876 4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 259,308 259,308 5 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 38,111 38,111 6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION .................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 234,198 234,198 7 B61 .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 109,292 109,292 8 B61 AP ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 52,731 52,731 OTHER ITEMS 9 CAD/PAD ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 51,455 51,455 10 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 6,038 6,038 11 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 524 524 12 MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 1,270 1,270 13 ITEMS LESS THAN $5,000,000 .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 4,604 4,604 FLARES 15 FLARES ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 125,286 125,286 FUZES 16 FUZES ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 109,358 109,358 SMALL ARMS 17 SMALL ARMS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 64,502 64,502 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 1,587,304 1,587,304 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 6,949 6,949 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 2 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 36,002 36,002 3 CAP VEHICLES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 1,022 1,022 4 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 42,696 49,879 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [7,183] SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 5 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 30,145 30,145 6 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 1,230 3,903 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [2,673] 7 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 43,003 53,693 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [10,690] FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 8 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 23,328 32,308 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [8,980] MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 9 MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 11,537 31,309 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [19,772] BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 10 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV AND CLEANING EQU .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 37,600 40,353 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [2,753] 11 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 104,923 104,923 COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 12 COMSEC EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...............................................................................................................................
................................................... 114,372 114,372 INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 13 INTERNATIONAL INTEL TECH & ARCHITECTURES .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 8,290 8,290 14 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 2,099 2,099 15 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 37,415 37,415 ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 16 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 57,937 57,937 18 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 3,012 3,012 19 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMEN .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 19,989 19,989 20 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 45,020 45,020 21 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 32,836 32,836 22 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 12,454 12,454 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3535 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
23 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 14,263 14,263 25 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN & ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 7,769 7,769 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 26 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 40,450 40,450 27 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 6,619 6,619 28 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 10,192 10,192 29 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 159,313 161,315 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [2,002] 30 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 132,675 132,675 31 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 140,875 140,875 32 WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE (WAS) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 92,104 92,104 33 C3 COUNTERMEASURES .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 45,152 45,152 34 GCSS-AF FOS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 483 483 35 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING & MGT SYS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 802 802 36 MAINTENANCE REPAIR & OVERHAUL INITIATIVE .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 12,207 12,207 37 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 7,644 7,644 38 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 40,066 40,066 AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 41 BASE INFORMATION TRANSPT INFRAST (BITI) WIRED ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 22,357 22,357 42 AFNET ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 102,836 102,836 43 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 3,145 3,145 44 USCENTCOM ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 13,194 13,194 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 45 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 161,231 161,231 47 RADIO EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 12,142 12,142 48 CCTV/AUDIOVISUAL EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 6,505 6,505 49 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 169,404 169,404 MODIFICATIONS 50 COMM ELECT MODS ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 10,654 10,654 PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 51 PERSONAL SAFETY AND RESCUE EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 51,906 51,906 DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 52 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 88,298 88,298 BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 53 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 17,031 17,031 54 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 82,635 82,635 55 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 9,549 9,549 56 BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 24,005 48,048 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ................................ [24,043] SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 58 DARP RC135 .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 26,262 26,262 59 DCGS-AF ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 448,290 448,290 61 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 913,813 913,813 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 17,258,069 17,258,069 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 63 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 86,365 86,365 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 20,890,164 20,968,260 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 43 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 35,295 35,295 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 42 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 5,403 5,403 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 46 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 497 497 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 7 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 21,590 41,590 Sharkseer ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. [20,000] 8 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 33,905 33,905 9 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 27,886 27,886 10 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 1,017 1,017 11 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 150,674 150,674 13 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 94,610 94,610 14 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 197,246 197,246 15 JOINT REGIONAL SECURITY STACKS (JRSS) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 140,338 140,338 16 JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 107,182 87,682 General reduction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. [–19,500] MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 18 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 5,225 5,225 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 21 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 1,196 1,196 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCAA 1 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 2,542 2,542 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 44 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 4,360 4,360 45 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS—CE2T2 .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 904 904 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 26 THAAD ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 874,068 874,068 27 GROUND BASED MIDCOURSE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 409,000 409,000 28 GROUND BASED MIDCOURSE AP ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 115,000 115,000 29 AEGIS BMD ................................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
............................................................ 593,488 593,488 30 AEGIS BMD AP ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 115,206 115,206 31 BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 13,185 13,185 32 ISRAELI PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 80,000 80,000 33 SHORT RANGE BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE (SRBMD) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 50,000 50,000 34 AEGIS ASHORE PHASE III ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 15,000 15,000 35 IRON DOME ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 70,000 70,000 36 AEGIS BMD HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 97,057 97,057 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 3 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 10,630 10,630 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 23 VEHICLES .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 207 207 24 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 5,592 5,592 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3536 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 20 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 1,723 1,723 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCMA 2 MAJOR EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,873 3,873 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 19 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 13,106 13,106 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 589,691 589,691 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS AVIATION PROGRAMS 50 ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 148,351 148,351 51 UNMANNED ISR ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 57,708 57,708 52 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 18,731 18,731 53 U–28 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 32,301 32,301 54 MH–47 CHINOOK ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 131,033 131,033 55 CV–22 MODIFICATION .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 32,529 32,529 56 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 24,621 24,621 57 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 226,965 226,965 58 AC/MC–130J .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 165,813 165,813 59 C–130 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 80,274 80,274 SHIPBUILDING 60 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 136,723 136,723 AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 61 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 357,742 357,742 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 62 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 85,699 85,699 63 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 17,863 17,863 64 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 112,117 112,117 65 COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 7,313 7,313 66 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 14,026 14,026 67 TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 88,608 88,608 68 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 438,590 438,590 69 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 19,408 19,408 70 GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 6,281 6,281 71 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 18,509 18,509 73 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 367,433 367,433 CBDP 74 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 166,418 166,418 75 CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 144,519 144,519 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...6,786,271 6,786,771 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 1 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 100,025 100,025 TOTAL JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 100,025 100,025 TOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..............................130,526,043 131,998,763 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 3 MQ–1 UAV ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 60,000 60,000 ROTARY 11 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 21,246 21,246 14 CH–47 HELICOPTER ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 25,000 25,000 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 17 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 11,400 11,400 19 GRAY EAGLE MODS2 ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 32,000 32,000 20 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 51,000 51,000 32 RQ–7 UAV MODS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 50,868 50,868 33 UAS MODS .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 3,402 3,402 GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 36 CMWS ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 84,387 84,387 37 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 24,060 24,060 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..363,363 363,363 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 2 MSE MISSILE .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 260,000 260,000 AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 5 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 255,040 255,040 ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 8 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 31,120 31,120 11 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 624,500 624,500 13 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM (HIMARS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 171,138 171,138 14 LETHAL MINIATURE AERIAL MISSILE SYSTEM (LMAMS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 112,973 112,973 MODIFICATIONS 16 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 225,580 225,580 21 MLRS MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 122,000 122,000 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....1,802,351 1,802,351 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3537 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 1 BRADLEY PROGRAM .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 205,000 205,000 2 ARMORED MULTI PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 230,359 230,359 MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 6 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 50,000 50,000 8 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 67,000 67,000 9 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 42,354 42,354 14 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 34,000 34,000 15 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 455,000 455,000 WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 18 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN (7.62MM) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 126 126 22 MORTAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 11,842 11,842 25 CARBINE ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 1,800 1,800 27 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 3,378 3,378 MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 32 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 4,920 4,920 34 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 7 7 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 39 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 1,397 1,397 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 1,107,183 1,107,183 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 1 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 3,392 3,392 2 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 40 40 3 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 17 17 4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 189 189 5 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 1,605 1,605 7 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 25,000 25,000 MORTAR AMMUNITION 9 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 218 218 10 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 484 484 ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 14 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 79,400 79,400 15 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 72,985 72,985 16 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 63,900 63,900 ROCKETS 18 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 22,242 22,242 19 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 39,974 39,974 OTHER AMMUNITION 21 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 5 5 22 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
................................................... 8 8 MISCELLANEOUS 27 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 66 66 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 309,525 309,525 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 2 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 8,000 8,000 3 AMBULANCE, 4 LITTER, 5/4 TON, 4X4 ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 20,770 20,770 10 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 115,400 115,400 12 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 6,682 6,682 13 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 50,000 50,000 14 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 186,377 186,377 COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 28 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 7,100 7,100 COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 37 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 1,560 1,560 42 TRACTOR RIDE ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 13,190 13,190 45 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 9,549 9,549 47 COTS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 22,000 22,000 COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 50 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE (MIP) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 9,800 9,800 INFORMATION SECURITY 55 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 3 3 COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 59 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 690 690 COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 60 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 8,750 8,750 63 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 60,337 60,337 ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 68 DCGS-A (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 37,806 37,806 70 TROJAN (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 6,926 6,926 71 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 2,011 2,011 75 BIOMETRIC TACTICAL COLLECTION DEVICES (MIP) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 5,370 5,370 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 80 CREW ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 42,651 42,651 81 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAP. (MIP) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 20,050 20,050 82 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 12,974 12,974 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 85 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 463 463 86 LONG RANGE ADVANCED SCOUT SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 2,861 2,861 87 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 60 60 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3538 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
88 RADIATION MONITORING SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 11 11 90 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 251,062 251,062 91 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 525 525 94 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 26,146 26,146 96 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 4,050 4,050 97 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 960 960 98 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 7,660 7,660 99 COUNTERFIRE RADARS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 165,200 165,200 ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 112 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 28,475 28,475 CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 121 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 27 27 122 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 20,200 20,200 123 BASE DEFENSE SYSTEMS (BDS) ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 39,200 39,200 124 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 2,317 2,317 ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 129 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 16,000 16,000 130 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (AMDS) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 1 1 132 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 4,850 4,850 136 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 1 1 COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 139 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 270 270 141 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 4,300 4,300 142 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 1,725 1,725 144 FORCE PROVIDER ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 55,800 55,800 145 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 1,035 1,035 146 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 1,980 1,980 MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 151 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 17,527 17,527 MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 268 268 CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 159 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 25,700 25,700 GENERATORS 165 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 569 569 TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 174 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 9,495 9,495 OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 176 M25 STABILIZED BINOCULAR ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 33 33 177 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 18,000 18,000 178 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ...........................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 6,000 6,000 179 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 2,080 2,080 180 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 19,200 19,200 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......1,382,047 1,382,047 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY OTHER AIRCRAFT 25 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 35,065 35,065 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 32 SH–60 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 4,858 4,858 34 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 5,380 5,380 44 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 2,165 2,165 49 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 9,820 9,820 51 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 3,206 3,206 61 QRC ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 2,410 2,410 63 RQ–21 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 17,215 17,215 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..80,119 80,119 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY STRATEGIC MISSILES 3 TOMAHAWK ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 82,800 Buy-back Tomahawk .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... [82,800] TACTICAL MISSILES 4 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 1,183 1,183 5 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 381 381 12 HELLFIRE .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 1,530 1,530 15 AERIAL TARGETS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 6,500 6,500 GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 35 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 1,540 1,540 MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 38 GUN MOUNT MODS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,000 3,000 TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..14,134 96,934 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 62,530 62,530 2 JDAM ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 93,019 93,019 3 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 2,163 2,163 4 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 5,000 5,000 6 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 5,334 5,334 7 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 36,580 36,580 8 JATOS ........................................................................................................................ ...............................................................................................................................
............................................................... 747 747 11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 2,538 2,538 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3539 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
13 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,807 1,807 15 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 2,229 229 Excess balances ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. [–2,000] MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 19 MORTARS ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 2,018 2,018 21 DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 632 632 22 INFANTRY WEAPONS AMMUNITION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 779 779 26 COMBAT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 164 164 29 ARTILLERY MUNITIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 31,001 31,001 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 246,541 244,541 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 21 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 9,200 9,200 SMALL BOATS 28 STANDARD BOATS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 19,060 19,060 ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 43 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 56,950 56,950 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 77 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 3,200 3,200 CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 82 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 2,000 2,000 SONOBUOYS 88 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 21,156 21,156 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 104 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 33,580 33,580 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 108 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 170 170 109 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 400 400 111 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 770 770 112 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 7,298 7,298 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 118 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 500 500 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 123 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 6,500 6,500 128 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 2,200 2,200 129 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 19,389 19,389 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 4,800 4,800 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........187,173 187,173 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 22 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 5,583 5,583 TACTICAL VEHICLES 37 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
........................................ 44,440 44,440 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 45 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 8,000 8,000 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...58,023 58,023 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE OTHER AIRLIFT 6 HC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 100,000 100,000 OTHER AIRCRAFT 17 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 339,740 339,740 18 RQ–20B PUMA ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 13,500 13,500 STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 20 B–1B ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 4,000 4,000 22 LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 149,778 149,778 TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 23 A–10 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 10,350 10,350 OTHER AIRCRAFT 45 U–2 MODS .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 7,900 7,900 54 COMPASS CALL MODS ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 36,400 36,400 59 E–8 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 13,000 13,000 63 H–60 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 40,560 40,560 65 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 87,900 87,900 66 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 53,731 53,731 68 MQ–9 UAS PAYLOADS ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 16,000 16,000 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 70 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 91,500 91,500 COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 71 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 32,529 32,529 72 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 22,000 22,000 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 1,018,888 1,018,888 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL 2 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 61,600 84,400 Buy-back JASSM-ER .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... [22,800] 5 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 2,600 2,600 6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 255,000 255,000 7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 140,724 140,724 CLASS IV 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3540 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
13 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 33,602 33,602 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 493,526 516,326 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE CARTRIDGES 2 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 29,587 29,587 BOMBS 4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 551,862 551,862 6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 738,451 738,451 FLARES 15 FLARES ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 12,116 12,116 FUZES 16 FUZES ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 81,000 81,000 SMALL ARMS 17 SMALL ARMS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 8,500 8,500 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 1,421,516 1,421,516 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 9,680 9,680 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 2 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 9,680 9,680 4 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 19,680 19,680 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 6 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 24,880 24,880 7 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 34,680 34,680 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 8 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 9,736 9,736 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 9 MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 24,680 24,680 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 10 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV AND CLEANING EQU .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 9,680 9,680 11 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 9,680 9,680 INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 15 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 6,156 6,156 ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 16 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 56,884 56,884 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 29 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 46,236 46,236 37 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 2,500 2,500 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 45 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 27,911 27,911 PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 51 PERSONAL SAFETY AND RESCUE EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 13,600 13,600 BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 53 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 28,800 28,800 54 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 53,500 53,500 55 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
.................................................... 78,562 78,562 56 BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 28,055 28,055 SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 59 DCGS-AF ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 2,000 2,000 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 3,229,364 3,229,364 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 3,725,944 3,725,944 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 8 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 3,800 3,800 17 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS NETWORK ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 12,000 12,000 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 25 COUNTER IED & IMPROVISED THREAT TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 5,534 5,534 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 41,559 41,559 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS AVIATION PROGRAMS 47 MANNED ISR .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 5,000 5,000 48 MC–12 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 5,000 5,000 49 MH–60 BLACKHAWK ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 27,600 27,600 51 UNMANNED ISR ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 17,000 17,000 52 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 13,000 13,000 53 U–28 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 51,722 51,722 54 MH–47 CHINOOK ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 36,500 36,500 AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 61 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 100,850 100,850 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 62 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 16,500 16,500 64 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 7,700 7,700 67 TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 59,891 59,891 68 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 21,135 21,135 69 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 10,000 10,000 71 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 10,805 10,805 73 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 126,539 126,539 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...572,135 572,135 TOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..............................12,782,468 12,886,068 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3541 June 11, 2018 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. 1 1,585 11,585 2 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 276,912 289,412 Basic research increase ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... [7,500] Quantum information sciences ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ [5, 000] 3 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 65,283 65,283 4 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 92,115 97,115 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... [5,0 00] SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 445,895 463,395 APPLIED RESEARCH 5 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 28,600 28,600 6 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 32,366 37,366 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... [5,000] 7 0602122A TRACTOR HIP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 8,674 8,674 8 0602126A TRACTOR JACK ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 400 400 9 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 64,847 59,847 Mission systems / engine and drives coordination ............................................................................... ................................................................................................................. [–5,000] 10 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 25,571 25,571 11 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 50,183 50,183 12 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......... 29,502 29,502 13 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 28,500 38,500 Pilot for cyber modeling and simulation ........................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ [10,000 ] 14 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 7 0,450 70,450 15 0602618A BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 75,541 75,541 16 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 5,032 5,0 32 17 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 12,394 12,394 18 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 40,444 42,944 Advanced warheads technology ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... [2,5 00] 19 0602705A ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 58,283 58,283 20 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 29,582 29,582 21 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 21,244 21,244 22 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 24,131 26,631 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [2,500] 23 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 13,242 13,242 24 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 55,00
3 50,003 General Program Reduction ...................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. [ –5,000] 25 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 14,958 14,958 26 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 78,159 78,159 27 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 21,862 21,862 28 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 40,566 40,566 29 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 90,075 90,075 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 919,609 929,609 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 30 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 39,338 39,338 31 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........... 62,496 62,496 32 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 124,958 119,958 Platform design and structures systems ......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... [–5,000]  33 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 102 ,686 122,686 Accelerate ERCA gun ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... [20,000] 34 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 119,739 19 2,239 Modular scalable powertrain .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [2,500] Prototype Next Generation Combat Vehicle ....................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... [70,000] 35 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 13,000 13,000 36 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................... .................................................................................................................. 8,044 8,044 37 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 22,631 22,631 38 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 25 ,682 25,682 40 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 3,762 3 ,762 41 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 4,896 4,896 42 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 6,041 6,041 43 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 31,491 31,491 44 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. 61,132 61,132 45 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 16,845 16,845 46 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 183,322 188 ,322 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... [5,000] 47 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 11,104 11, 104 48 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 5,885 5,885 49 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 61,376 61,376 50 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 9,136 9 ,136 51 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 25,864 38,864 Minor MILCON ...................................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ........ [8,000] Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... [5,000] 52 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ........................................................... .............................................................................................................. 34,883 37,383 PNT research ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... [2,500] 53 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................ 52,387 47,387 General program decrease ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–5,000] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3542 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 1,026,698 1,129,698 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 54 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 10,777 10,777 56 0603327A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 42,802 42,802 57 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 45,254 45,254 58 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV .................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 22,700 2 2,700 59 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 41,974 55,974 Army UPL: Test and evaluation of M999 155mm .................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. [14,000] 60 0603645A ARMORED SYSTEM MODERNIZATION—ADV DEV ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 119,395 119,395 61 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 8,746 8,746 62 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV .................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 35,667 43,667 ISR capabilities to support long range field artillery ......................................................................... ................................................................................................................... [8,000] 63 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 7,350 7,350 64 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 14, 749 14,749 65 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 3,687 3,687 66 0603801A AVIATION—ADV DEV ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 10,793 10,793 67 0603804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV ........................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 4,248 14,248 68 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............. 34,284 34,284 69 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 18,044 18,044 70 0604017A ROBOTICS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 95,660 95,660 71 0604020A CROSS FUNCTIONAL TEAM (CFT) ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPING ..................................................... .......................................................................................................... 38,000 38,000 72 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 9,765 9,765 73 0604113A FUTURE TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (FTUAS) ................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 12,39 3 12,393 74 0604114A LOWER TIER AIR MISSILE DEFENSE (LTAMD) SENSOR ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 120,374 120,374 75 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 95,347 95,347 76 0604117A MANEUVER—SHORT RANGE AIR DEFENSE (M-SHORAD) ........................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 95,085  95,085 77 0604118A TRACTOR BEAM ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 52,894 52,894 79 0604121A SYNTHETIC TRAINING ENVIRONMENT REFINEMENT & PROTOTYPING ............................................................ ................................................................................................................... 77,939 77,93 9 80 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT (IFPC2) .................................................. ............................................................................................................... 51,030 81,030 Accelerate delivery and capacity for IFPC ...................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ [30,000 ] 81 0305251A CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT ..................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 65,817 70,817 Army Cyber Center of Excellence ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ [5, 000] 82 1206120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) ................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 46,300 146,300 83 1206308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 38,319 38,319 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 1,329,393 1,386,393 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 84 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONICS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 32,293 32,293 85 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 78,699 78,699 88 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 17,050 17,050 89 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 83,155 83,155 90 0604604A MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 3,704 3,704 91 0604611A JAVELIN ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 10,623 10,623 92 0604622A FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 11,950 11,950 93 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 12,347 12,347 95 0604642A LIGHT TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLES .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 8,212 8,212 96 0604645A ARMORED SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION (ASM)—ENG DEV ........................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 393,61 3 318,613 Mobile Protected Firepower decrease ............................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... [–75, 000] 97 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 139,614 139,614 98 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 4,507 4,507 99 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... 49,436 49,436 100 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ............................................................. .................................................................................................................. 95,172 95,172  101 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 22 ,628 22,628 102 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 13,297 13,297 103 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 9,1 45 9,145 104 0604768A BRILLIANT ANTI-ARMOR SUBMUNITION (BAT) ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....... 9,894 9,894 105 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 21,964 21,964 106 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 49,288 49,288 107 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 183,100 183,100 108 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 79,706 79,706 109 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV .................................................................. ................................................................................................................... 15,970 15,97 0 110 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ..................................................... ............................................................................................................ 44,542 44,542 111 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 50,817 50,817 112 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ............................................................... ................................................................................................................. 178,693 178,69 3 113 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 39,338 39,338 114 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 37,8 51 37,851 115 0604823A FIREFINDER ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 45,473 45,473 116 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 10,395 10,395 117 0604852A SUITE OF SURVIVABILITY ENHANCEMENT SYSTEMS—EMD .................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 69,204  78,204 Suite of Vehicle Protection Systems ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... [9,0 00] 118 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ............................................................................................. ...............................................................................................................................
................. 1,781 1,781 119 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 113,758 113,758 120 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 166,6 03 166,603 121 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 118,239 118,239 122 0605029A INTEGRATED GROUND SECURITY SURVEILLANCE RESPONSE CAPABILITY (IGSSR-C) ............................................. ......................................................................................................... 3,211 3,211 123 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 15,889 15,889 124 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 41,972 41,972 125 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 41,166 41,166 126 0605033A GROUND-BASED OPERATIONAL SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—EXPEDITIONARY (GBOSS-E) .............................................. .................................................................................................... 5,175 5,175 127 0605034A TACTICAL SECURITY SYSTEM (TSS) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 4,496 4,496 128 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ........................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 5 1,178 51,178 129 0605036A COMBATING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION (CWMD) ...................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 11,3 11 11,311 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3543 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
131 0605038A NUCLEAR BIOLOGICAL CHEMICAL RECONNAISSANCE VEHICLE (NBCRV) SENSOR SUITE ........................................... ..................................................................................................... 17,154 17,154 132 0605041A DEFENSIVE CYBER TOOL DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 36,626 36,626 133 0605042A TACTICAL NETWORK RADIO SYSTEMS (LOW-TIER) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 3,829 3,829 134 0605047A CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 41,928 0 Duplication concern in contract writing systems ................................................................................ ................................................................................................................... [–41,928] 135 0605049A MISSILE WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION (MWSM) ....................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 2 8,276 28,276 136 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......... 21,965 21,965 137 0605052A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2—BLOCK 1 ................................................................. ........................................................................................................................... 157, 710 157,710 138 0605053A GROUND ROBOTICS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 86,167 86,167 139 0605054A EMERGING TECHNOLOGY INITIATIVES ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 42,866 42,866 140 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... 15,984 15,984 141 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............ 11,773 11,773 142 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 2 77,607 277,607 143 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 12,340 12,340 144 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT PH .................................. ................................................................................................. 2,686 2,686 145 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 2,706 2,706 147 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 4,521 4,521 150 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 8,922 8,922 151 1205117A TRACTOR BEARS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 23,170 23,170 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 3,192,689 3,084,761 RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 152 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 12,835 12,835 153 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............. 12,135 12,135 154 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 82,996 107,996 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... [25,000] 155 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 19,821 19,821 156 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 246,574 246,574 157 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 30,430 30,430 159 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 305,759 320,759 Increase to help manage directed energy workloads .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................... [15,000] 160 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS ................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 62,3 79 62,379 161 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............... 40,496 40,496 162 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 3,941 3,941 163 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 9,767 9,767 164 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 21,226 21,226 165 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS .....................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ................ 13,026 13,026 166 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 52,718 52,718 167 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 57,049 57,049 168 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG ................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 2,801 2,801 169 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... 60,942 60,942 170 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............. 29,050 29,050 171 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ............................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 42,33 2 42,332 172 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT ..................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 3,216  3,216 173 0605898A ARMY DIRECT REPORT HEADQUARTERS—R&D - MHA ......................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 54,1 45 54,145 174 0606001A MILITARY GROUND-BASED CREW TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 4,896 4,896 175 0606002A RONALD REAGAN BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST SITE ................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 63 ,011 63,011 176 0606003A COUNTERINTEL AND HUMAN INTEL MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 2,636 2,636 177 0606942A ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 88,30 0 88,300 SUBTOTAL RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................... 1,322,481 1,362,481 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 5,955 5,955 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 181 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 8,886 8,886 182 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 4,067 4,067 183 0605024A ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 4,254 4,254 184 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ................................................................ ................................................................................................................... 16,022 16,02 2 185 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 4,577 4,577 186 0607134A LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES (LRPF) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............ 186,475 186,475 187 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... 31,049 31,049 188 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... 35,240 35,240 189 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 157,822 157,822 190 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . 4,189 4,189 191 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 192,637 192,637 194 0607142A AVIATION ROCKET SYSTEM PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT AND DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ .............................................................................................................. 60,860 60,860 195 0607143A UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM UNIVERSAL PRODUCTS ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 52, 019 52,019 196 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 2,400 2,400 197 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 65,369 65,369 198 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 1 1 199 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS) ....................................................... ................................................................................................................. 30,954 30,954 200 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 411,927 411,927 202 0203743A 155MM SELF-PROPELLED HOWITZER IMPROVEMENTS ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 40 ,676 40,676 
203 0203744A AIRCRAFT MODIFICATIONS/PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ............................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 17,706 17, 706 204 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 146 14 6 205 0203758A DIGITIZATION ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 6,316 6,316 206 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 1,643 1,643 207 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 4, 947 4,947 208 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 34,050 34,050 210 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 1,464 1,464 211 0205412A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV ........................................................... ............................................................................................................... 249 249 212 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 79 ,283 79,283 213 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 15 4,102 154,102 216 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 12,280 12,280 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3544 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
217 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 68,533 68,533 218 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 68,619 68,619 220 0303150A WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .......................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 2,03 4 2,034 223 0305172A COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 1,500 1,500 224 0305179A INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......... 450 450 225 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 6,000 6,000 226 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 12,416 12,416 227 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 38 ,667 38,667 229 0305232A RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 6,180 6,180 230 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 12,863 12,863 231 0307665A BIOMETRICS ENABLED INTELLIGENCE ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 4,310 4,310 233 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 53,958 53,958 234 1203142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 12,119 12,119 235 1208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 7,400 7,400 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 1,922,614 1,922,614 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 10,159,379 10,278,951 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 119,433 124,433 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... [5,0 00] 2 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. 1 9,237 19,237 3 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 458,708 468,708 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... [5,0 00] Quantum information sciences ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ [5, 000] SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 597,378 612,378 APPLIED RESEARCH 4 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 14,643 17,143 Directed energy ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... [2,500] 5 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 124,049 124,049 6 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 59,607 59,607 7 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 36,348 36,348 8 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 56,197 48,697 ONR global growth .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... [–7,500] 9 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. 8 3,800 83,800 10 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 42,998
 42,998 11 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 6,349 6,349 12 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 58,049 78,049 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [20,000] 13 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 147,771 147,771 14 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 37,54 5 37,545 15 0602792N INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 159,6 97 164,697 Directed energy and electronic warfare/unmanned and autonomous systems ......................................................... ............................................................................................ [5,000] 16 0602861N SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT—ONR FIELD ACITIVITIES ............................................................ ................................................................................................................. 64,418 64,418 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 891,471 911,471 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 19 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 2,423 2,423 21 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ....................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 150,2 45 140,245 Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... [–10,000] 22 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 13,313 13,313 23 0603671N NAVY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT (ATD) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 13 1,502 131,502 24 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... ................................................................................................................ 232,996 232,996  25 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 58,657 58,657 30 0603801N INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................. ......................................................................................................... 161,859 166,359 DE & EW/unmanned and autonomous systems ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................. [4,500] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 750,995 745,495 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 31 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 29,747 29,747 32 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 7,050 7,050 33 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 793 793 34 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............... 7,058 7,058 35 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 3,540 3,540 36 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 59,741 62,241 Locust/HCUS/INP Transition ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [2,500] 37 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 62,727 36 ,727 Barracuda EDMs ahead of PDR and CDR ............................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. [–26,000] 38 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 8,570 8,570 39 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............ 5,440 5,440 40 0603525N PILOT FISH ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 162,222 162,222 41 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 11,745 11,745 42 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 114,265 114,265 43 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL ............................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
.................... 740 740 44 0603553N SURFACE ASW ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 1,122 1,122 45 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 109,086 112,586 Advanced submarine propulsion development ...................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. [3,500] 46 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 9,374 9,374 47 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 89,419 107,419 CHAMP acceleration ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... [18,000] 48 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 13,348 13,348 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3545 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
49 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 256,137 256,137 50 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 22,109 22,109 51 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 29,744 29,744 52 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 27,997 27,997 53 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 16,351 16,351 54 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 514,846 514,846 55 0603596N LCS MISSION MODULES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 103,633 133,033 Project 2552: Align with deferred LCS–6 SSMM test .............................................................................. .............................................................................................................. [–5,000] Transfer from PE 64028N ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... [16,700] Transfer from PE 64126N ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... [10,100] Transfer from PE 64127N ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... [7,600] 56 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND ANALYSIS ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............. 7,931 7,931 57 0603599N FRIGATE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 134,772 134,772 58 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 9,307 9,307 60 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM .......................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 1,82 8 1,828 61 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 43 ,148 43,148 62 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 5 ,915 5,915 63 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 19,811 19,811 64 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 25,656 25,656 65 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 5,301 5,301 66 0603734N CHALK CORAL ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 267,985 267,985 67 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 4,059 4,059 68 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 377,878 377,878 69 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 381,770 381,770 70 0603751N RETRACT ELM ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 60,535 60,535 73 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 9,652 9,652 74 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 15,529 0 Program delay and no GLGP EMD FYDP funding ..................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. [–15,529] 75 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 27,581 27,581 76 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL ............................................................... ................................................................................................................... 101,566 101, 566 77 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 223 ,344 223,344 78 0604014N F/A –18 INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK (IRST) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 108,700 132,700 IRST block II risk reduction ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [24,000] 79 0604027N DIGITAL WARFARE OFFICE ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 26,691 26,691 80 0604028N SMALL AND MEDIUM UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES ........................................................................
.......................................................................................................................... 16,71 7 0 Transfer to PE 63596N .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [–16,717] 81 0604029N UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLE CORE TECHNOLOGIES ........................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 30,18 7 30,187 82 0604030N RAPID PROTOTYPING, EXPERIMENTATION AND DEMONSTRATION. .............................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 48,796 48 ,796 83 0604031N LARGE UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 92,613 71,413 Early to need .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... [–21,200] 84 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) .......................................................... ............................................................................................................... 58,121 58,121 86 0604126N LITTORAL AIRBORNE MCM .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 17,622 7,522 Transfer to PE 63596N .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [–10,100] 87 0604127N SURFACE MINE COUNTERMEASURES ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 18,154 10,554 Transfer to PE 63596N .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [–7,600] 88 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) ........................................................ ................................................................................................................ 47,278 47,278 90 0604289M NEXT GENERATION LOGISTICS .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 11,081 11,081 92 0604320M RAPID TECHNOLOGY CAPABILITY PROTOTYPE .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 7,107 7,107 93 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 5,549 5,549 94 0604536N ADVANCED UNDERSEA PROTOTYPING ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 87,669 87,669 95 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ....................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 132,8 18 132,818 96 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT ................................................ ...................................................................................................... 7,230 7,230 97 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT .................................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 143,062 1 43,062 99 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... 8,889 8,889 100 0304240M ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM ........................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. 2 5,291 25,291 101 0304240N ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM ........................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. 9 ,300 9,300 102 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 466 466 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 4,293,713 4,273,967 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 103 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 12,798 12,798 104 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 32,128 32,128 105 0604214M AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 46,363 30,163 Lacks operational justification/need ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ [–1 6,200] 107 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 3,771 3,771 108 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 16 ,611 16,611 109 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 17,368 17,368 110 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 2,134 2,134 111 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 9,729 9,729 112 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 57,688 57,688 113 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE ..................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ....................... 223,565 223,565 114 0604245M H–1 UPGRADES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 58,097 58,097 116 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 42,485 42,485 117 0604262N V–22A ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 143,079 143,079 118 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 20,980 30,980 Increase to advance aircrew physiological monitoring ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................... [10,000] 119 0604269N EA–18 ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 147,419 242,719 UPL—EA–18G Advanced Modes / Cognitive EW ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. [95,300] 120 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 89,824 121,424 UPL—EA–18G Offensive Airborne Electronic Attack Special Mission Pod ............................................................ ................................................................................................ [31,600] 121 0604273M EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............... 245,064 245,064 123 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 459,529 459,529 124 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 3,272 3,272 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3546 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
125 0604282N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) INCREMENT II ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 115,253 115,253 126 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING ....................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 397, 403 397,403 127 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 939 50,939 Mk 41 VLS integration .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [50,000] 128 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 104,448 104,448 129 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 165,881 184,881 Navy UPL: SM–6 Blk 1B 21″ rocket motor ................................................................................................................... .......................................................................................... [19,000] 130 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 10,831 10,831 131 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ..................................................... ........................................................................................................... 33,429 33,429 132 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 35,635 35,635 133 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 126,932 126,932 134 0604504N AIR CONTROL ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 62,448 62,448 135 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 9,710 9,710 136 0604518N COMBAT INFORMATION CENTER CONVERSION .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 19,303 19,303 137 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 27,059 27,059 138 0604530N ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 184,106 184,106 139 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 148,233 148,233 140 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 60,824 60,824 141 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 60,062 66,062 Planning to support FY21 award of LHA–9 ........................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... [6,000] 142 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 4,642 4,642 144 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 25,756 25,756 145 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 95,147 95,147 146 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 7 ,107 7,107 147 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS ................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 6,539  6,539 148 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 441 441 149 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 180,391 180,391 150 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 178,538 178,538 151 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 120,507 120,507 152 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 29,715 29,715 153 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 8,095 8,095 154 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 121,026 121,026 155 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 66,566 66,566 156 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 65,494 65,494 
159 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 14,005 14,005 160 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 268,567 178,467 Duplication concern in contract writing systems ................................................................................ ................................................................................................................... [–26,300] Lengthy delivery timelines for Navy Personnel and Pay System ................................................................... ......................................................................................................... [–63,800] 161 0605024N ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 5,618 5,618 162 0605212M CH–53K RDTE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 326,945 326,945 164 0605215N MISSION PLANNING .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 32,714 32,714 165 0605217N COMMON AVIONICS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 51,486 51,486 166 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 1,444 1,444 167 0605327N T-AO 205 CLASS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 1,298 1,298 168 0605414N UNMANNED CARRIER AVIATION (UCA) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 718,942 718,942 169 0605450M JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............ 6,759 6,759 171 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 37,296 37,296 172 0605504N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME (MMA) INCREMENT III ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 160,389 160,389 173 0605611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .................................................. ........................................................................................................ 98,223 98,223 174 0605813M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............................................ .......................................................................................................... 2,260 2,260 175 0204202N DDG–1000 .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 161,264 161,264 180 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 44,098 44,098 182 0306250M CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 6,808 6,808 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 6,042,480 6,148,080 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 183 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 94,576 94,576 184 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............. 10,981 10,981 185 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 77,014 77,014 186 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION ................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 48 48 187 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 3,942 3,942 188 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 48,797 48,797 189 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 5,000 5,000 191 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 1,029 1,029 192 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 87, 565 78,565 Insufficient budget justification .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... [–9,000] 193 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 4,231 4,231 194 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT ........................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 ,072 1,072 195 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 97,471 97,471 196 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 373,834 373,834 197 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY ........................................................................
............................................................................................................................... .... 21,554 21,554 198 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT ................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 16,22 7 16,227 200 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 24,303 24,303 201 0605898N MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 43,262 43,262 202 0606355N WARFARE INNOVATION MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 41,918 41,918 203 0606942M ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 7,000  7,000 204 0606942N ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 48,80 0 48,800 205 0305327N INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 1,682 1,682 206 0902498N MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS (DEPARTMENTAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES) ......................................................... ................................................................................................................. 1,579 1,579 208 1206867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 8,684 8,684 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 1,020,569 1,011,569 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 1,549,503 1,549,503 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3547 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 210 0604227N HARPOON MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 5,426 5,426 211 0604840M F–35 C2D2 ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 259,122 259,122 212 0604840N F–35 C2D2 ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 252,360 252,360 213 0607658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY (CEC) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 130,515 130,515 214 0607700N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 3,127 3,127 215 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 157,679 157,679 216 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 43,198 43,198 217 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . 11,311 11,311 218 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 39,313 39,313 219 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 193,086 193,086 220 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 25,014 25,014 221 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 11,661 11,661 222 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) .............................................................. .................................................................................................................... 282,395 291 ,095 Restore MST to maintain 2020 IOC ............................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... [8,700 ] 223 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 36,959 71,959 Additional TRAPS units ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [35,000] 224 0204313N SHIP-TOWED ARRAY SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 15,454 15,454 225 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) ............................................................ ....................................................................................................................... 6,073 6, 073 226 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 45,029 45,029 227 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 104,903 104,903 228 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............... 4,544 4,544 229 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 66,889 66,889 230 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 120,762 21,522 Cancel ER program .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... [–99,240] 231 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 104,696 116,696 UPL—Tactical Targeting Network Technology acceleration ......................................................................... .......................................................................................................... [12,000] 232 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 28,421 28,421 233 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 94,155 94,155 234 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 121,805 136,805 UPL—F/A–18 E/F Super Hornet Engine Enhancements ................................................................................ ......................................................................................................... [15,000] 235 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 117,028 117,028 236 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 174,779 174,779 237 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) ................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 4,826 4,826  238 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS ................................................................ ................................................................................................................... 97,152 97,15 2 
239 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 30,156 30,156 240 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) ................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 39,976  39,976 241 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 22,637 0 Lacks operational justification/need ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ [–2 2,637] 242 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 40,121 40,121 243 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 32,47 3 32,473 249 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) ........................................................... .................................................................................................................... 23,697 23,6 97 250 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 44,228 44,228 252 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 6,081 6,081 253 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 8,529 8,529 254 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 41,212 41,212 255 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 7, 687 7,687 256 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 42 ,846 42,846 257 0305220N MQ–4C TRITON ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 14,395 14,395 258 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 9,843 9,843 259 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 524 524 260 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... 5,360 5,360 261 0305239M RQ–21A ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 10,914 10,914 262 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 81,231 81,231 263 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 5,956 5,956 264 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 219,894 219,894 265 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 7,097 7,097 266 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 36,560 36,560 267 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 7,284 7,284 268 1203109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............ 39,174 39,174 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 4,885,060 4,833,883 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 18,481,666 18,536,843 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 348,322 358,322 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... [5,0 00] Quantum information sciences ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ [5, 000] 2 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 154,991 154,991 3 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 14,506 17,006 Directed energy research .......................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ... [2,500] SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 517,819 530,319 APPLIED RESEARCH 4 0602102F MATERIALS ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 125,373 129,373 Advanced materials analysis .................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. [ 4,000] 5 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 130,547 135,547 High speed systems technology (hypersonic vehicle structures) .................................................................. ......................................................................................................... [5,000] 6 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... 112,518 112,518 7 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 190,919 213,419 Affordable Responsive Modular Rocket ........................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ [15,000 ] Multi-mode propulsion .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [3,000] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3548 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Solid rocket motor produce on-demand ........................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... [2,000] Turbine engine technology ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [2,500] 8 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 166,534 159,034 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–7,500] 9 0602298F SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT— MAJOR HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES .................................................... .................................................................................................... 8,288 8,288 11 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 112,841 112,841 12 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 141,898 145,898 Skywave technologies laboratory ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. [4 ,000] 13 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS .......................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 62,420 162,420 14 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 43,359 55,859 Directed energy research ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [2,500] High powered microwave ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [10,000] 15 1206601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 117,645 123,645 Wargaming and simulator lab .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ [6, 000] SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 1,312,342 1,358,842 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 16 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. 34,426 31,926 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–5,000] Materials affordability ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... [2,500] 17 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 15,150 16,150 Prevention/enhanced maintainability technologies ............................................................................... .................................................................................................................. [1,000] 18 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 39,968 39,968 19 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 121,002 131,002 Design/Manufacture aircraft aft body drag reduction devices .................................................................... .......................................................................................................... [10,000] 20 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 115 ,462 139,462 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [9,000] Multi-mode propulsion .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [5,000] Technology for the Sustainment of Strategic Systems ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................... [10,000] 21 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 55,319 60,319 RF/EO/IR warning and countermeasures ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... [5,000] 22 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 54,895 54,895 23 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 10,674 10,674 24 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 36,463 36,463  25 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 194,981 194,981 26 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......... 43,368 53,368 Demonstrator laser weapon system ............................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... [10,00 0] 
27 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 42,025 42,025 28 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 51,064 51,064  SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 814,797 862,297 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 30 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 5,568 5,568 32 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 18,194 18,194 33 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 2,305 2,305 35 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 41,856 41,856 37 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE—BOMBER ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 2,314,196 2,314,196 38 0604201F INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 14 ,894 14,894 39 0604257F ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY AND SENSORS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 34,585 34,585 40 0604288F NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPS CENTER (NAOC) RECAP .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 9,740 9,740 41 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... 12,960 12,960 42 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM ....................................................... ............................................................................................................ 71,501 71,501 43 0604414F CYBER RESILIENCY OF WEAPON SYSTEMS-ACS ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 62,618 62,618 46 0604776F DEPLOYMENT & DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE R&D ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 28,350 38,350 Tanker prototype ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ [10,000] 48 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 1,186,075 1,408,875 Acceleration of Hypersonic Conventional Strike Weapon .......................................................................... .............................................................................................................. [100,000] Low cost attritable aircraft prototype ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ [80 ,000] Rapid Sustainment Initiative ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [42,800] 49 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 345,041 414,441 UPL program acceleration ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [69,400] 50 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 503,997 503,997 51 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 40 ,326 40,326 52 0208099F UNIFIED PLATFORM (UP) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 29,800 29,800 54 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 41,880 41,880 55 0305601F MISSION PARTNER ENVIRONMENTS ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 10,074 10,074 56 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. 2 53,825 253,825 57 0306415F ENABLED CYBER ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 16,325 16,325 59 0901410F CONTRACTING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM .......................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 7,577 0 Duplication concern ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... [–17,577] 60 1203164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) ......................................................... .................................................................................................................. 286,629 286,6 29 61 1203710F EO/IR WEATHER SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 7,940 7,940 62 1206422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON ........................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
.............. 138,052 138,052 63 1206425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 39,338 39,338 64 1206434F MIDTERM POLAR MILSATCOM SYSTEM ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 383,113 383,113 65 1206438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 91,018 91,018 66 1206730F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 45,542 45,542 67 1206760F PROTECTED TACTICAL ENTERPRISE SERVICE (PTES) ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 51,419 51,419 68 1206761F PROTECTED TACTICAL SERVICE (PTS) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 29,776 29,776 69 1206855F PROTECTED SATCOM SERVICES (PSCS)—AGGREGATED ........................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 29,37 9 29,379 70 1206857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 366,050 316,050 Space RCO Solar Power Project—Early to need .................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ [–50,000] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 6,529,943 6,764,566 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3549 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 71 0604200F FUTURE ADVANCED WEAPON ANALYSIS & PROGRAMS ......................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 39,6 02 39,602 72 0604201F INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 58 ,531 58,531 73 0604222F NUCLEAR WEAPONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............... 4,468 4,468 74 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 1,909 1,909 75 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 207,746 257,746 Increase to accelerate 21st Century Battle Management Command and Control ...................................................... .......................................................................................... [50,000] 76 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............. 14,421 14,421 77 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 73,158 73,158 81 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 7,153 7,153 83 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 58,590 58,590 84 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 2,990 2,990 85 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 20,028 20,028 86 0604618F JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 15,787 15,787 87 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 8,919 8,919 88 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 35,895 35,895 89 0604800F F–35—EMD ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 69,001 69,001 90 0307581F JSTARS RECAP ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 0 50,000 Continue JSTARS recap GMTI radar development ................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ [50,000] 91 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 614,920 699,920 UPL Program acceleration ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [85,000] 92 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 172,902 172,902 97 0605221F KC–46 .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 88,170 88,170 98 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 265,465 265,465 99 0605229F COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 457,652 457,652 105 0605830F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL BATTLE MGMT ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 3,617 3,617 106 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 261,758 261,758 107 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 91,907 91,907 108 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 137,095 137,095 109 0207328F STAND IN ATTACK WEAPON ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 43,175 43,175 110 0207423F ADVANCED COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 14,888 14,888 111 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 1,015 1,015 116 0401310F C–32 EXECUTIVE TRANSPORT RECAPITALIZATION ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 7,943 7,943 117 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT RECAPITALIZATION (PAR) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 673,032 673,032 118 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 13,653 13,653 
119 1203176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 939 939 120 1203269F GPS IIIC .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 451,889 451,889 121 1203940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 46,668 46,668 122 1206421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 20,676 20,676 123 1206425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 134,463 134,463 124 1206426F SPACE FENCE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 20,215 20,215 125 1206431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 151,506 151,506 126 1206432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 27,337 27,337 127 1206433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 3,970 3,970 128 1206441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 60,565 60,565 129 1206442F EVOLVED SBIRS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 643,126 743,126 Accelerate sensor development .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. [1 00,000] 130 1206853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD ............................................................. ................................................................................................................ 245,447 245,447  SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 5,272,191 5,557,191 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 131 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 34,256 34,256 132 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 91,844 106,844 Test infrastructure improvements ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ [15 ,000] 133 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... 34,614 34,614 135 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 18,043 18,043 136 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 692,784 692,784 137 0605826F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL POWER ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 233,924 233,924 138 0605827F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL VIG & COMBAT SYS ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 263,488 263,488 139 0605828F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL REACH ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 153,591 153,591 140 0605829F ACQ WORKFORCE- CYBER, NETWORK, & BUS SYS .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 232,315 232,315 141 0605830F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL BATTLE MGMT ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 169,868 169,868 142 0605831F ACQ WORKFORCE- CAPABILITY INTEGRATION ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 226,219 226,219 143 0605832F ACQ WORKFORCE- ADVANCED PRGM TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 38 ,400 38,400 144 0605833F ACQ WORKFORCE- NUCLEAR SYSTEMS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 125,761 125,761 147 0605898F MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 10,642 10,642 148 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT .............................................. ....................................................................................................... 162,216 162,216 149 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 28,888  28,888 150 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 35,285 35,285 153 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 20,545 20,545 154 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ....... 12,367 12,367 155 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 1,448 1,448 157 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 3,998 3,998 158 1206116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 23,254 23,254 159 1206392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE ................................................................. ........................................................................................................................... 169, 912 169,912 160 1206398F SPACE & MISSILE SYSTEMS CENTER—MHA ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 10,508 10,508 161 1206860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 19,721 19,721 162 1206864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 25,620 25,620 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 2,839,511 2,854,511 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 16,534,124 16,534,124 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3550 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
165 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 11,344 11,344 167 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) .................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 47 ,287 13,141 Poor agile development implementation and lenghty delivery timeline ............................................................ .................................................................................................... [–34,146] 168 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 32,770 32,770 169 0605117F FOREIGN MATERIEL ACQUISITION AND EXPLOITATION ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 68,368 68,368 170 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 32,574 32,574 171 0606018F NC3 INTEGRATION ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 26,112 26,112 172 0606942F ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 99,10 0 99,100 173 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 280,414 295,214 Air Force requested realignment ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. [1 4,800] 174 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........... 5,955 5,955 175 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 76,030 76,030 176 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 105,561 105,561 177 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 156,047 156,047 179 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 10,442 10,442 180 0101324F INTEGRATED STRATEGIC PLANNING & ANALYSIS NETWORK .................................................................. ........................................................................................................................... 22,8 33 22,833 181 0101328F ICBM REENTRY VEHICLES ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 18,412 18,412 183 0102110F UH–1N REPLACEMENT PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 288,022 288,022 184 0102326F REGION/SECTOR OPERATION CONTROL CENTER MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ...................................................... ........................................................................................................... 9,252 9,252 186 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 115,345 115,345 188 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 26,738 26,738 189 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 191,564 191,564 190 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 192,883 192,883 191 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 15,238 15,238 192 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 603,553 603,553 193 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 549,501 549,501 194 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 37,230 37,230 195 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 61,39 3 61,393 196 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 647 647 198 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 14,891 14,891 199 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 13,901 13,901 200 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 121,20 3 121,203 202 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 60,062 60,062 203 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 106,102 106,102 204 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ....... 6,413 6,413 205 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 12 0,664 130,664 Increase to accelerate 21st Century Battle Management Command and Control ...................................................... .......................................................................................... [10,000] 206 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 2,659 2,659 208 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 10,316 10,316 209 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 6,149 6,149 210 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 1,738 1,738 211 0207452F DCAPES ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 13,297 13,297 212 0207573F NATIONAL TECHNICAL NUCLEAR FORENSICS .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 1,788 1,788 213 0207581F JOINT SURVEILLANCE/TARGET ATTACK RADAR SYSTEM (JSTARS) ............................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 14,888 14,888 214 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 24,699 24,699 215 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 17,078 17,078 216 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 6,141 6,141 218 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......... 4,225 4,225 219 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 63,653 63,653 220 0208007F TACTICAL DECEPTION ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 6,949 6,949 221 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........ 40,526 40,526 222 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........ 24,166 24,166 223 0208097F JOINT CYBER COMMAND AND CONTROL (JCC2) ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... 13,000 13,000 224 0208099F UNIFIED PLATFORM (UP) ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 28,759 28,759 229 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . 3,579 3,579 230 0301112F NUCLEAR PLANNING AND EXECUTION SYSTEM (NPES) ...................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 2 9,620 29,620 237 0301401F AIR FORCE SPACE AND CYBER NON-TRADITIONAL ISR FOR BATTLESPACE AWARENESS ........................................... .................................................................................................... 6,633 6,633 238 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) ................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 57,7 58 57,758 240 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................................................ ............................................................................................................. 99,088 99,088 241 0303133F HIGH FREQUENCY RADIO SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 51,612 51,612 242 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 34,612 34,612 244 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 2,170 2,170 246 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 106,873 106,873 247 0304310F COMMERCIAL ECONOMIC ANALYSIS ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 3,472 3,472 250 0305015F C2 AIR OPERATIONS SUITE—C2 INFO SERVICES .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 8,608 8,608 251 0305020F CCMD INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 1,586 1,586 252 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 4,492 4,492 254 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 26,942 26,942 255 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) ........................................................ .................................................................................................................... 6,271 6,271  
256 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 8,383 8,383 259 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 418 418 261 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 3,845 3,845 268 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 48,518 48,518 270 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 175,334 175,334 271 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 14,223 14,223 272 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 24 ,554 24,554 273 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 221,690 221,690 274 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 14,288 14,288 275 0305238F NATO AGS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 51,527 51,527 276 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............... 26,579 26,579 278 0305600F INTERNATIONAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY AND ARCHITECTURES ........................................................... .................................................................................................................... 8,464 8,464  280 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 4,303 4,303 284 0305984F PERSONNEL RECOVERY COMMAND & CTRL (PRC2) .......................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 2 ,466 2,466 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3551 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
285 0307577F INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 4,117 4,117 287 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... 105,988 105,988 288 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 25,071 25,071 289 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 48,299 48,299 290 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 15,409 15,409 291 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . 4,334 4,334 292 0401218F KC–135S ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 3,493 3,493 293 0401219F KC–10S ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 6,569 6,569 294 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 3,172 3,172 295 0401318F CV–22 ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 18,502 18,502 296 0401840F AMC COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 1,688 1,688 297 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 2,541 2,541 298 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 1,897 1,897 299 0708055F MAINTENANCE, REPAIR & OVERHAUL SYSTEM ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 50,933 15,873 Poor agile development implementation .......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... [–35,060 ] 300 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 13,787 13,787 301 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 4,497 4,497 302 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 2,022 2,022 303 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 108 108 304 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 2,023 2,023 305 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 3,772 3,772 306 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 6,358 6,358 307 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 1,418 1,418 308 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. .................................................................................................................... 99,734 87,9 18 Poor agile development implementation .......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... [–11,816 ] 309 1201921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 14 ,161 14,161 310 1202247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 26,986 26,986 311 1203001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 80,168 80,168 312 1203110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 17,808 17,808 314 1203165F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (SPACE AND CONTROL SEGMENTS) .................................................... ............................................................................................................. 8,937 8,937 315 1203173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 59,935 59,935 316 1203174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................... ............................................................................................................. 21,019 21,019 317 1203179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......... 8,568 8,568 318 1203182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 10,641 10,641 319 1203265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT .............................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ...................... 144,543 144,543 320 1203400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 16,278 16,278 321 1203614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 72,256 62,256 Assumed cost savings ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. [–10,000] 322 1203620F NATIONAL SPACE DEFENSE CENTER ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 42,209 42,209 325 1203913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 19,778 19,778 326 1203940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 19,572 19,572 327 1206423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT ......................................................... ................................................................................................................. 513,235 513,23 5 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 22,891,740 22,825,518 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 40,178,343 40,753,244 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 37,023 37,023 2 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 422,130 429,630 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... [5,0 00] Critical materials ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ [2,500] 3 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 42,702 52,702 Quantum information sciences ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ [5, 000] University-lab research partnership ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ [5, 000] 4 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE .......................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 4 7,825 57,825 TBI Treatment for blast injuries ............................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. [ 10,000] 5 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....... 85,919 85,919 6 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS ................................................ ............................................................................................................... 30,412 30,412 7 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . 42,103 42,103 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 708,114 735,614 APPLIED RESEARCH 8 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 19,170 21,670 Insensitive munitions .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... [2,500] 9 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 101,300 101,300 11 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 51,596 51,596 12 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES ........................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 60,688 53 ,188 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–7,500] 13 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 395,317 395,317 14 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 38,640 38,640 15 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 192,674 192,674 16 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH ..........................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... .................. 14,969 14,969 17 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 335,466 332,966 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [2,500] MAD-FIRES reduction ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... [–5,000] 18 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 226,898 211,898 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–15,000] 19 0602716E ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 333,847 333,847 20 0602718BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................. ................................................................................................................... 161,151 161, 151 21 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 9,300  9,300 22 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............. 35,921 35,921 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 1,976,937 1,954,437 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3552 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 23 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 25,598 25,598 24 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 125,271 111,271 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–14,000] 25 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 24,532 24,532 27 0603160BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................... .................................................................................................. 299,858 299,858 28 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ....................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 13,017 13,017 29 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 0 13,400 MDA UPL: Accelerate hypersonic missile defense ................................................................................. ................................................................................................................. [13,400] 31 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 20,365 42,565 Accelerate hypersonic missile defense .......................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... [22,20 0] 32 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 18, 644 18,644 34 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 277,603 282,603 Hypersonics weapons programs development and transition ........................................................................ ........................................................................................................ [5,000] 35 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 254,671 364,671 Blackjack increase ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... [110,000] 36 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 19,472 19,472 37 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 37,263 37,263 38 0603291D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS—MHA .................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 13,62 1 13,621 39 0603294C COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 189,753 189,753 40 0603342D8W DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL (DIUX) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 29,364 29,864 Defense technology innovation .................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................................. [ 500] 41 0603375D8Z TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 83,143 103,143 Commercial SAR satellites ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [20,000] 42 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ...................................................... ........................................................................................................ 142,826 142,826 43 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 161,128 161,128 44 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 12,918 12,918 45 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 106,049 106,049 46 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 12,696 5,196 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–7,500] 47 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ........................................................ .............................................................................................................. 114,637 121,637 Enhancing cybersecurity for small vendors ...................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... [5,000] Eye protection system .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... [2,000] 48 0603680S MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 49,667 52,167 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [2,500] 49 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 4 8,338 48,338 50 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ....................................................................
........................................................................................................................ 11,778 12,778 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [1,000] 52 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 76,514 86,514 Readiness Increase ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... [10,000] 53 0603720S MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 168,931 173,9 31 Tunable filter, support for microelectronics development ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................... [5,000] 54 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 5,992 5,992 55 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 111,099 118,599 Support for the Electronics Resurgence Initiative .............................................................................. .................................................................................................................... [7,500] 56 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ........................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 185,98 4 185,984 57 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 438,569 428,569 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–10,000] 58 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 190,128 191,628 Sensors and processing systems technology ...................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... [1,500] 59 0603769D8Z DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 13,564 13, 564 60 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 15,050 15,050 61 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............. 69,626 59,626 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–10,000] 62 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 19,415 19,415 63 0603924D8Z HIGH ENERGY LASER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 69,53 3 69,533 64 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 96,389 111,389 Hypersonics and directed energy test ........................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... [10,0 00] Workforce development .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [5,000] 65 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 40,582 50,582 Readiness Increase ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... [10,000] 66 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 26,644 26,644 67 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 79,380 79,380 300 8888 NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION ACTIVITIES ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 0 150,000 Establish office for capital investment ........................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... [150, 000] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 3,699,612 4,038,712 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 68 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P ................................................. .......................................................................................................... 28,140 28,140 69 0603600D8Z WALKOFF .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 92,222 92,222 70 0603821D8Z ACQUISITION ENTERPRISE DATA & INFORMATION SERVICES ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 2,5 06 2,506 71 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM ........................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 40,016 50 ,016 Readiness Increase ............................................................................................................. ...............................................................................................................................
..... [10,000] 72 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT ................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 214,17 3 398,273 MDA UPL: USFK JEON ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. [184,100] 73 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ................................................................ ....................................................................................................................... 926,359 718,359 Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . [–208,000] 74 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL ................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 129,886 1 29,886 75 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 220,876 244,876 MDA UPL: USFK JEON ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. [24,000] 76 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 540,926 540,926 77 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 422,348 422,348 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3553 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
78 0603892C AEGIS BMD .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 767,539 767,539 81 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND COMMUNICATI ................................... ......................................................................................... 475,168 425,168 Inconsistent capability delivery ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [–50,000] 82 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT ................................................................. ........................................................................................................................... 48,7 67 48,767 83 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ............................................................ ..................................................................................................................... 54,925 54, 925 84 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 16,916 16,916 85 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 149,715 116,715 Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . [–33,000] 86 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 300,000 300,000 87 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 365,681 437,581 MDA UPL: USFK JEON ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. [71,900] 88 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 517,852 486,352 MDA UPL: USFK JEON ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. [4,500] Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . [–36,000] 89 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 11,347 11,347 90 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 8,528 8,528 91 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 3,477 8,477 Corrosion prevention ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... [5,000] 92 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 148,822 228,822 Laser scaling for boost phase intercept ........................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... [80,00 0] 93 0604132D8Z MISSILE DEFEAT PROJECT ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 58,607 58,607 94 0604134BR COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT DEMONSTRATION, PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT, AND TESTING ....................................... ................................................................................................ 12,993 12,993 95 0604181C HYPERSONIC DEFENSE ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 120,444 130,944 Accelerate hypersonic missile defense .......................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... [10,50 0] 96 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 1,431,702 1,481,702 Quartermaster Pathfinder ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. [50,000] 97 0604294D8Z TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 233,142 238,642 New trust approach development ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... [5,50 0] 98 0604331D8Z RAPID PROTOTYPING PROGRAM ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 99,333 99,333 99 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED SYSTEM COMMON DEVELOPMENT ................................................... ....................................................................................................... 3,781 3,781 100 0604673C PACIFIC DISCRIMINATING RADAR ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 95,765 95,765 101 0604682D8Z WARGAMING AND SUPPORT FOR STRATEGIC ANALYSIS (SSA) .............................................................. ........................................................................................................................... 3,76 8 3,768 103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESSMENTS ..................................... ................................................................................................... 22,435 22,435 104 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 164,562 164,562 105 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 561,220 421,820 
Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . [–139,400] 106 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ........................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 61,017 61 ,017 107 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 95,756 95,756 108 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 81,001 81,001 109 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 27,692 27,692 111 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST .................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ 81, 934 72,634 Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . [–9,300] 112 0604894C MULTI-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 8,256 8,256 113 0300206R ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 2,600 2,600 114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM .................................................................. .............................................................................................................................. 3 ,104 3,104 115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 985 985 116 1206893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 36,955 36,955 117 1206895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 16, 484 89,484 MDA UPL: Initiate missile defense tracking system .............................................................................. ................................................................................................................. [73,000] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 8,709,725 8,752,525 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 118 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD .................................................. ............................................................................................................. 8,333 8,333 119 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 263,414 263,414 120 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD ...................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 388,7 01 388,701 121 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) .......................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 9,503 19,503 122 0605000BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... ................................................................................................................ 6,163 6,163 123 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 11,988 0 Lengthy delivery timelines ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [–11,988] 124 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 296 296 125 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 1,489 1,489 126 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............... 9,590 9,590 127 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .............................................................. ................................................................................................................... 3,173 3,173 128 0605075D8Z DCMO POLICY AND INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 2,105 3,105 Data and advanced analytics .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. [1 ,000] 129 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INITIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM ................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 21 ,156 21,156 130 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 10, 731 10,731 132 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES ................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 6,3 74 0 Duplication concern ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... [–6,374] 133 0605294D8Z TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 56,178 58,678 New trust approach development ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... [2,50 0] 134 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ........... 2,512 2,512 135 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ............................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 2,435 2 ,435 136 0305310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .............................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 17,048 17 ,048 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 831,189 816,327 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 45,604 45,604 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 137 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 6,661 6,661 138 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 4,088 4,088 139 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) ...................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 258,796 26 8,796 Advanced hypersonic wind tunnel experimentation ................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ [10,000] 140 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 31,356 31,356 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3554 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
141 0605001E MISSION SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 65,646 65,646 142 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 84,184 89,184 Cyber range capacity and development ........................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... [5,000] 143 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 22,576 17,576 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–5,000] 144 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) .................................................... ................................................................................................................... 52,565 52,56 5 146 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 38,872 38,872 147 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......... 3,534 3,534 148 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 5,050 5,050 149 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ 11, 450 11,450 150 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 1,693 1,693 151 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 102,883 102,883 159 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ................................... .................................................................................................. 2,545 2,545 160 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 24,487 24,487 161 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 56,853 56,853 162 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION ......................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 24,914 24, 914 163 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............. 20,179 25,179 Improve software testing capabilities .......................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... [5,00 0] 164 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 13,643 13,643 165 0605998KA MANAGEMENT HQ—DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ........................................................ ............................................................................................................... 4,124 4,124 166 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 5,768 5,768 167 0606225D8Z ODNA TECHNOLOGY AND RESOURCE ANALYSIS ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 1,030 1,030 168 0606589D8W DEFENSE DIGITAL SERVICE (DDS) DEVELOPMENT SUPPORT ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 1, 000 1,000 169 0606942C ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 3,400  3,400 170 0606942S ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 4,000  4,000 171 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 3,008 3,008 172 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 6,658 6,658 175 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 652  652 176 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 1,0 05 1,005 177 0305172K COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 21,363 21,363 180 0305245D8Z INTELLIGENCE CAPABILITIES AND INNOVATION INVESTMENTS ............................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 10 9,529 109,529 181 0306310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 1,244 1,244 184 0804768J COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—NON-MHA ............................................. ................................................................................................ 42,940 42,940 185 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 28,626 28,626 187 0903235K JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER (JSP) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 5,104 5,104 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 1,117,030 1,132,030 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 3,877,898 3,887,898 Classified increase ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....... [10,000] OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 189 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............ 9,750 9,750 190 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMATION MANA .................................. ............................................................................................. 1,855 1,855 191 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) ............................................... ......................................................................................................... 304 304 192 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT ................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 10 ,376 10,376 193 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 5,9 15 5,915 194 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (G-TSCMIS) ..................................... .............................................................................................. 5,869 5,869 195 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ................................................ ........................................................................................................... 48,741 48,741 196 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 3,037 3,037 197 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 62,814 62,814 203 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION ........................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 16,561 16, 561 204 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 14,769 14,769 205 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................................................ ............................................................................................................. 17,579 17,579 207 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 31,737 31,737 208 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....... 7,940 7,940 209 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 229,252 229,252 210 0303140K INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 19,611 19,611 211 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 46,900 46,900 212 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 7,570 7,570 213 0303228K JOINT INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT (JIE) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 7,947 7,947 215 0303430K FEDERAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 39,400 3 9,400 224 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 6,262 3,262 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–3,000] 225 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 16,780 16,780 227 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. 6 ,286 6,286 230 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 2, 970 2,970 233 0305327V INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 5,954 10,954 Personnel security and continuous evaluation ................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... [5,000] 234 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM .................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 2,19 8 2,198 240 0307577D8Z INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 6,889 6,889 242 0708012K LOGISTICS SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 1,317 1,317 243 0708012S PACIFIC DISASTER CENTERS .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 1,770 1,770 244 0708047S DEFENSE PROPERTY ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... 1,805 1,805 
246 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 18,403 18,403 248 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 184,993 184,993 249 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 10,625 10,625 250 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 102,307 102,307 251 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 46,942 46,942 252 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 2,479 2,479 253 1160434BB UNMANNED ISR ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 27,270 27,270 254 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 1,121 1,121 255 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 42,471 42,471 256 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 4,780 4,780 257 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 12,176 12,176 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3555 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
258 1203610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 2,323 2,323 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 4,973,946 4,985,946 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 22,016,553 22,415,591 OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 1 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 85,685 85,685 2 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 64,332 64,332 3 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 70,992 81,892 Increase for test and evaluation technologies .................................................................................. ..................................................................................................................... [10,900] SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 221,009 231,909 TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................. 221,009 231,909 TOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......91,056,950 92,216,538 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 56 0603327A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 1, 000 1,000 58 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV .................................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 1,500 1,50 0 61 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 3,000 3,000 76 0604117A MANEUVER—SHORT RANGE AIR DEFENSE (M-SHORAD) ........................................................................ ....................................................................................................................... 23,000 2 3,000 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 28,500 28,500 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 88 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 12,000 12,000 100 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ............................................................. ............................................................................................................... 119,300 119,300 125 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 66,760 66,760 128 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 2,6 70 2,670 136 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........ 34,933 34,933 147 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 1,200 1,200 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 236,863 236,863 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 184 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 2,548 2,548 185 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 7,780 7,780 206 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 2,000 2, 000 209 0205402A INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV .................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 8,000 8,0 00 216 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 23,199 23,199 226 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 14,000 14,000 231 0307665A BIOMETRICS ENABLED INTELLIGENCE ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 2,214 2,214 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 59,741 59,741 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 325,104 325,104 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 41 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 18,000 18,000 61 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 13,9 00 13,900 74 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............... 1,400 1,400 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 33,300 33,300 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 149 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 1,100 1,100 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 1,100 1,100 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 117,282 117,282 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 236 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 16,130 16,130 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...............................................................................................................................
........................................................................ 133,412 133,412 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 167,812 167,812 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 65 1206438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 1,100 1,100 70 1206857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 12,395 12,395 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 13,495 13,495 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 188,127 188,127 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 186 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 4,500 4,500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3556 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
187 0205671F JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 4,000 4,000 188 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 1,000 1,000 217 0207610F BATTLEFIELD ABN COMM NODE (BACN) .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 42,349 42,349 228 0208288F INTEL DATA APPLICATIONS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 1,200 1,200 254 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 3,000 3,000 268 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 22,100 22,100 272 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 29,5 00 29,500 310 1202247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 5,000 5,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 300,776 300,776 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 314,271 314,271 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 24 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 25,000 25,000 26 0603134BR COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT SIMULATION .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 13,648 13,648 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 38,648 38,648 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 94 0604134BR COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT DEMONSTRATION, PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT, AND TESTING ....................................... ............................................................................................. 242,668 242,668 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 242,668 242,668 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 192,131 192,131 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 250 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 3,632 3,632 251 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 11,040 11,040 253 1160434BB UNMANNED ISR ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 11,700 11,700 254 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 725 725 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 219,228 219,228 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 500,544 500,544 TOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...1,307,731 1,307,731 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 2,076,360  2,076,360 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 107,946 107,946 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 732,485 732,485 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 1,169,508 1,1 69,508 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 1,180,460 1,180,460 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 1,467,5 00 1,467,500 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 4,285,211 4,285,211 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 482,201 482,201 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 1,536,851 1,536,851 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 8,274,299 8,274,2 99 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ....................................................................................... 3,516,859 3,516,859 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 438,733 438,733 180 US AFRICA COMMAND .......................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 231,518 231,5 18 190 US EUROPEAN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 150,268 150,268 200 US SOUTHERN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 195,964 210,264 SOUTHCOM ABN GFE Sensor (GEOINT/SIGINT) ........................................................................................ ...................................................................................... [4,200 ] SOUTHCOM Cyber HUMINT (CME/OPS) ................................................................................................ .......................................................................................... [1,000 ] SOUTHCOM OSINT/PAI (CME/LIC/TOOLS) ............................................................................................. .......................................................................................... [1,600 ] SOUTHCOM Overland Airborne ISR Flight Hours .................................................................................... ....................................................................................... [7,200 ] SOUTHCOM SIGINT Suite COMSAT RF ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................... [300 ] 210 US FORCES KOREA ............................................................................................................ ..................................................................................................................... 59,625 59, 625 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 25,905,788 25,920,088 MOBILIZATION 220 STRATEGIC MOBILITY ......................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 370,941 37 0,941 230 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 573,560 573,560 240 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 7,678 7,678 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................ 952,179 952,179 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 250 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 135,832 135 ,832 260 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 54,819 54 ,819 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3557 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
270 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................... 69,599 69,599 280 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ..................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 518,998 518,998 290 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 1,020,073 1,020 ,073 300 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 1,082,1 90 1,082,190 310 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 220,399 220,399 320 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 611,482 61 1,482 330 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 698,962 498,962 Marketing Cuts ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. [–200,000 ] 340 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ 162 ,049 162,049 350 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 215,622 215,622 360 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ .......................................................................................................... 176,914 176,914 370 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS ...................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 174,430 174,430 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 5,141,369 4,941,369 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 1,259,622 1,259,6 22 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 390 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 588,047 588,047 400 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................... 931,462 931,462 410 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................... 696,114 696,114 420 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 461,637 461,637 430 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 447,564  447,564 440 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 2,069,127 2,069,127 450 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................. 261,021 261,021 460 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 379,541 379,541 470 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 1,699,767 1,699 ,767 480 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 192,686 192,6 86 490 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 240,917 240,917 500 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS ................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 291,569 291,569 510 INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS ........................................................................................ .................................................................................................... 442,656 442,656 520 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ............................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 48,251 48,251 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 10,009,981 10,009,981 UNDISTRIBUTED 1 UNDISTRIBUTED ................................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 0 –200,00 0 Army misrepresentation of civilian pay budget request .......................................................................... .................................................................................... [–200,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................... 0 –200,000 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 42,009,317 41,623,617 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 13,867 13,867 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 536,438 536,438 030 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 113,225 113,2 25 040 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 551,141 551,141 050 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 89,073 89,073 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 409,531 409,531 
070 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 101,411 101,411 080 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 60,114 60,114 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 595,728 595,728 100 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ....................................................................................... 304,658 304,658 110 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 22,175 22,175 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 2,797,361 2,797,361 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 120 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 11,832 11,832 130 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 18,218 18,218 140 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 25,069 25,069 150 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................. 6,248 6,248 160 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 58,181 58,181 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 119,548 119,548 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 2,916,909 2,916,909 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 810,269 8 10,269 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 193,402 193,402 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 753,815 753,815 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 84,124 84,124  050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 31,881 31,881 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 973,874  973,874 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 784,086 784,086 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 51,353 51,353 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3558 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 221,633 221,633 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 1,129,942 1,129,9 42 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ....................................................................................... 919,947 919,947 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 1,010,524 1,010,524 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 6,964,850 6,964,850 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 10,017 10,017 140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 72,746 72,746 150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 83,105 83,105 160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................. 10,678 10,678 170 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 254,753 254,753 180 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 3,146 3,146 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 434,445 434,445 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 7,399,295 7,399,295 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ .................................................................................................... 5,372,399 5,372,399 020 FLEET AIR TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 2,023,351  2,023,351 030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ............................................................................. ........................................................................................... 56,225 56,225 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 156,081 156,081 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 682,379 682,3 79 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 1,253,756 1,253,756 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 66,649 66,649 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 939,368 9 39,368 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 4,439,566 4,439,566 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 997,663 997,663 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 8,751,526 8,751, 526 120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 2,168,876 2,168,876 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE ............................................................................... ....................................................................................... 1,349,593 1,351,293 SOUTHCOM CCO Sensor Integration ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................. [1,700 ] 150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 215,255 215,255 160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 632,446 6 32,446 170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ................................................................................... .......................................................................................... 373,046 373,046 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 1,452,075 1,452,0 75 190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................... ................................................................................... 153,719 153,719 210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................. 63,039 63,039 220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ................................................................................ ........................................................................................ 89,339 89,339 230 MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT OPERATIONS .................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 8,475 8,475 240 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 424,088 424,0 88 260 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 1,361,947 1, 361,947 280 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 823,952 823,952  290 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 494,101 494,101 300 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 921,936 876,936  
General reduction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ [–45,000 ] 310 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................ 2,040,389 2,446,389 FSRM to 100% max executable .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ [406,000 ] 320 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 4,414,753 4,414, 753 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 41,725,992 42,088,692 MOBILIZATION 330 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE .............................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 549,142 549,142 340 READY RESERVE FORCE ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 310,805 310,80 5 360 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 161,150 161,150 370 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 120,338 120,338 390 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 24,097 24,097 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................ 1,165,532 1,165,532 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 400 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 145,481 145 ,481 410 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 9,637 9,6 37 420 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ............................................................................................ ....................................................................................................... 149,687 149,687 430 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 879,557 879,557  450 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 184,436 184,436 460 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 223,159 22 3,159 470 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 181,086 181,086 480 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 96,006 96,006 490 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ .......................................................................................................... 72,083 72,083 500 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 54,15 6 54,156 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 1,995,288 1,995,288 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 574,994 574,994 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3559 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 510 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 1,089,9 64 1,089,964 530 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. ......................................................................................... 164,074 164,074 540 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. ........................................................................................ 418,350 418,350 580 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 167,106 167,106 600 PLANNING, ENGINEERING, AND PROGRAM SUPPORT ................................................................................. ............................................................................................ 333,556 333,556 610 ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS, AND OVERSIGHT ...................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 663,690 663,690 650 INVESTIGATIVE AND SECURITY SERVICES ........................................................................................ ...................................................................................................... 705,087 705,087 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 4,116,821 4,116,821 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 49,003,633 49,366,333 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 873,320 873, 320 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 1,094, 187 1,094,187 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 314,182 314, 182 040 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 98,136 98,136 050 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 183,546 183,5 46 060 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 832,636 832,636 070 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 2,151,390 2,151, 390 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 5,547,397 5,547,397 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 080 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 16,453 16 ,453 090 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 1,144 1,144  100 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 106,360 106,360  110 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 46,096 46,096 120 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 389,751 38 9,751 130 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 201,662 201,662 140 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 32,461 32,461 150 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 24,21 7 24,217 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 818,144 818,144 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 50,859 50,859 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 160 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 29,735 29,735 170 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 386,375  386,375 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 466,969 466,969 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 6,832,510 6,832,510 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ .................................................................................................... 569,584 569,584 020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 6,902 6,902 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 109,776 109,776 040 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 538 538 
050 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 18,888 18 ,888 060 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 574 574 070 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 17,561 17,561 080 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 121,070 121,070 090 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 337 337 100 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 23,964 23,964 110 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................ 36,356 36,356 120 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 103,562 103,562 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 1,009,112 1,009,112 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 130 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 1,868 1 ,868 140 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. ........................................................................................ 12,849 12,849 160 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 3,177 3,177 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 17,894 17,894 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 1,027,006 1,027,006 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 99,173 99,1 73 020 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 19,430 19,43 0 030 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................ 39,962 39,962 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 101,829 101,829 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 260,394 260,394 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3560 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 050 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 11,176 11,176 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 11,176 11,176 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 271,570 271,570 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 1,164,810 1,164,8 10 OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 758,178 783,178 Increase for F–35 sustainment to accelerate depot component repair capability .................................................. ................................................................... [25,000 ] 020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 1,509,027 1,509,027 030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. ................................................................................................. 1,323,330 1,323,330 040 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 3,511,830 3,511,830 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ....................................................................................... 2,892,705 2,917,705 Additional demo ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................ [25,000 ] 060 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ...................................................................................... 7,613,084 8,258,984 Increase for JSTARS buy-back ................................................................................................... ................................................................................................... [95,900 ] WSS to 100% executable ......................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... [550,000 ] 070 FLYING HOUR PROGRAM ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 4,345,208 4,395 ,208 Increase for JSTARS buy-back ................................................................................................... ................................................................................................... [50,000 ] 080 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 5,989,2 15 5,989,215 090 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 928,023 928,023 100 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ...................................................................................................... 1,080,956 1,080,956 110 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 879,032 879,0 32 130 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 183,777 1 83,777 140 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 404,072 404,072 170 US NORTHCOM/NORAD .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 187,375 187,37 5 180 US STRATCOM ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 529,902  529,902 190 US CYBERCOM ................................................................................................................ ....................................................................................................................... 329,474 329,474 200 US CENTCOM ................................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 166,02 4 166,024 210 US SOCOM ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 723 723 220 US TRANSCOM ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 535 535  918 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 0 156,8 00 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ .............................................................................................. [156,800 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 33,797,280 34,699,980 MOBILIZATION 230 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 1,307,695 1,307,695 240 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 144,417 144,417 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................ 1,452,112 1,452,112 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 280 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 133,187 133 ,187 290 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 25,041 25 ,041 
300 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ..................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 117,338 117,338 330 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 401,996 401,996  340 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 477,064  477,064 350 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 276,423 276,423 360 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 95,948 95, 948 380 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 154,530 154,530 390 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ 4,1 32 4,132 400 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 223,150 223,150 410 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ .......................................................................................................... 209,497 209,497 420 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 59,90 8 59,908 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 2,178,214 2,178,214 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 1,222,456 1,222,4 56 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 430 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 681,788 681, 788 440 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 117,812 117,812 480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 953,102  953,102 490 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 358,389 358,389 500 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 1,194,862 1,194,862  510 CIVIL AIR PATROL ........................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 29,594 29,594 540 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 74,959 74,959 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 4,632,962 4,632,962 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 42,060,568 42,963,268 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 1,853,437 1,853,4 37 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 205,369 205,369 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3561 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 345,576 345,576 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ....................................................................................... 120,736 123,536 Additional demo ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................ [2,800 ] 050 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ...................................................................................... 241,239 293,239 WSS to 91% ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. [52,000 ] 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 385,922  385,922 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 3,152,279 3,207,079 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 070 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 71,188 71,188 080 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 19,429 19,429 090 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................... 9,386 9,386 100 OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) ....................................................................................... .................................................................................................... 7,512 7,512 110 AUDIOVISUAL ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 440 4 40 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................107,955 107,955 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 3,260,234 3,315,034 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 010 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................... 2,619,940 2, 621,540 Restoring O&M associated with buyback of 3 PMAI JSTARS aircraft ................................................................ ......................................................................... [1,600 ] 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 623,265 623,265 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 748,287 748,287 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ....................................................................................... 303,792 303,792 050 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ...................................................................................... 1,061,759 1,061,759 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 988,333  999,333 PFAS Transfer .................................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................. [11,000 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 6,345,376 6,357,976 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 070 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 45,711 45,711 080 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 36,535 36,535 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ...............................82,246 82,246 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 6,427,622 6,440,222 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 430,215 432 ,715 Operational logistics exercise elements ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................... [2,500 ] 020 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF—CE2T2 ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................... 602,186 602,186 040 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................ .......................................................................................... 5,389,250 5,389,250 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 6,421,651 6,424,151 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 050 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY ............................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 181,601 181,601 060 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 96,565 96,5 65 070 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/TRAINING AND RECRUITING ......................................................................... ..................................................................................... 370,583 370,583 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ...............................................................................................................................
.................................................................. 648,749 648,749 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 15,645,192 15,645 ,192 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 080 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 166,131 166,131  100 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 625,633 625,633 110 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 1,465,354 1,465,354 120 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 859,923 859,923 130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 2,106,930 2,106,930 150 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 27,403 27,403 160 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 379,275 379,275 170 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 207,537 207,53 7 180 DEFENSE PERSONNEL ACCOUNTING AGENCY ........................................................................................ ................................................................................................ 130,696 130,696 190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ .................................................................................................. 754,711 754,711 200 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE ................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 789,175 852,775 Additional civilian FTE ........................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................... [18,600 ] New mission needs .............................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... [45,000 ] 220 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................ 34,951 34,951 230 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ..................................................................................................... 553,329 553,329 250 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................... 2,892,284 2,942,284 Impact aid for children with severe disabilities ............................................................................... ........................................................................................... [10,000 ] Impact aid for schools with military dependent students ........................................................................ .................................................................................. [40,000 ] 260 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 499,817 499,817  280 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 70,035 70,035 290 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 1,519,655 1,565,655 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3562 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
CDC Health Study (sec. 312) .................................................................................................... .................................................................................................... [10,000 ] Clearinghouse .................................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................. [1,000 ] Defense Environmental International Cooperations (DEIC) ........................................................................ .................................................................................. [1,000 ] Defense Fellows Program ........................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................... [10,000 ] DOD emerging contaminants ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................. [1,000 ] DOD environmental resilience ................................................................................................... .................................................................................................... [1,000 ] DOD Rewards Program Cut ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................... [–3,000 ] Readiness and Environmental Protection Initiative Increase ..................................................................... ................................................................................. [25,000 ] 300 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/ADMIN & SVC-WIDE ACTIVITIES ..................................................................... ................................................................................... 97,787 97,787 310 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... .................................................................................................... 456,407 456,407 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 29,282,225 29,441,825 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................36,352,625 36,514,725 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS US COURT OF APPEALS FOR ARMED FORCES, DEF 010 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE .......................................................................... ..................................................................................... 14,662 14,662 SUBTOTAL US COURT OF APPEALS FOR ARMED FORCES, DEF ............................................................................................................................... .............................14,662 14,662 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID 010 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID .............................................................................. ............................................................................................. 107,663 107,663 SUBTOTAL OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID ............................................................................................................................... ........................107,663 107,663 COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT 010 FORMER SOVIET UNION (FSU) THREAT REDUCTION ................................................................................. .............................................................................................. 335,240 335,240 SUBTOTAL COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 335,240 335,240 DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND 010 ACQ WORKFORCE DEV FD ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 400,000 400,000 SUBTOTAL DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND ............................................................................................................................... .........................400,000 400,000 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY 060 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................................ ...................................................................................................... 203,449 203,449 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 203,449 203,449 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY 080 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................................ ....................................................................................................... 329,253 329,253 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 329,253 329,253 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE 100 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 296,808 285,808 PFAS Transfer .................................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................. [–11,000 ] SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 296,808 285,808 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE 120 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ......................................................................................... .................................................................................................... 8,926 8,926 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 8,926 8,926 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES 140 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES .............................................................................. ......................................................................................... 212,346 212,346 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ............................................................................................................................... .....................212,346 212,346 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 1,908,347 1,897,347 UNDISTRIBUTED UNDISTRIBUTED 999 UNDISTRIBUTED ..............................................................................................................
........................................................................................................................ 0 –216, 520 Foreign Currency Fluctuation ................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... [–267,000 ] JROTC .......................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. [5,480 ] Operation and Maintenance, Air Force DSMOA ..................................................................................... ....................................................................................... [10,000 ] Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard DSMOA ............................................................................ ................................................................................ [15,000 ] Operation and Maintenance, Army DSMOA .......................................................................................... ......................................................................................... [10,000 ] Operation and Maintenance, Navy DSMOA .......................................................................................... ......................................................................................... [10,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................... 0 –216,520 TOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 0 –216,520 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 199,469,636 200,351,316 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3563 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 1,179,3 39 1,179,339 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 25,983 25,983 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 2,189,916 2 ,189,916 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 188,609 188,609 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 120,78 7 120,787 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 3,867,286 3,867,286 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 550,068 550,068 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 195,873 195,873 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 109,560 109,560 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ......................................................................................... 60,807 60,807 140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 5,992,222  5,992,222 150 COMMANDERS EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM ...................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 10,000 10,000 160 RESET ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 1,036,454 1,036,454 180 US AFRICA COMMAND .......................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 248,796 248 ,796 190 US EUROPEAN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 98,127 98,127 200 US SOUTHERN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 2,550 2,550 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 15,876,377 15,876,377 MOBILIZATION 230 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................. 158,753 158,753 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 158,753 158,753 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 1,074,270 1,074 ,270 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 390 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 712,230 712,230 400 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................. 44,168 44,168 410 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 5,300 5,300 420 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 38,597 38,597 460 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 109,019 109,019 490 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 191,786 191,786 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 2,175,370 2,175,370 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 18,210,500 18,210,500 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 20,700 20,700 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 700 700 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 20,487 20,487 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 41,887 41,887 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 41,887 41,887 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 42,519 42,519 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 778 778 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 12,093 12,093 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS .......................................................................................................
.................................................................................................................... 708 708 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 28,135  28,135 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 5,908 5,908 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 18,877 18,877 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................. 956 956 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 109,974 109,974 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 755 755 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 755 755 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 110,729 110,729 AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND AFGHAN NATIONAL ARMY 090 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 1,52 2,777 1,522,777 100 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 137,732  137,732 110 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 71,922 71,922 120 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 175,846 175,84 6 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN NATIONAL ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 1,908,277 1,908,277 AFGHAN NATIONAL POLICE 130 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 527, 554 527,554 140 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 42,984 42,984 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3564 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
150 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 14,554 14,554 160 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 181,922 181,92 2 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN NATIONAL POLICE ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 767,014 767,014 AFGHAN AIR FORCE 170 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 942, 279 942,279 180 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 30,350 30,350 190 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 572,310 572,310 200 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 277,191 277,19 1 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN AIR FORCE............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 1,822,130 1,822,130 AFGHAN SPECIAL SECURITY FORCES 210 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 353, 734 353,734 220 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 43,132 43,132 230 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 151,790 151,790 240 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 153,373 153,37 3 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN SPECIAL SECURITY FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 702,029 702,029 TOTAL AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 5,199,450 5,199,450 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ...................................................................................................... 435,507 435,507 030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ............................................................................. ............................................................................................. 800 800 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 9,394 9,394 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 193,384 193 ,384 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 173,053 173,053 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 3,524 3,524 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 60,219 60,219 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 942,960 942,960 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 20,236 20,236 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 1,022,647 1,02 2,647 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE ............................................................................... ........................................................................................ 59,553 59,553 160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ....................................................................................................................... 16,651 1 6,651 170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................ 31,118 31,118 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 635,560 635,560  190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................... ..................................................................................... 4,334 4,334 220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ................................................................................ .......................................................................................... 24,800 24,800 240 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 355 355 280 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 493,033 493,0 33 290 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 12,780 12,780 310 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. .............................................................................................. 67,321 67,321 320 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 211,394 211,394  SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 4,418,623 4,418,623 MOBILIZATION 
370 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... .................................................................................................... 12,902 12,902 390 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 165,000 165,0 00 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 177,902 177,902 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 430 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................. 51,138 51,138 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 51,138 51,138 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 16,076 16,076 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 510 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 4,145 4,145 540 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. .......................................................................................... 7,503 7,503 580 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 69,297 69,297 610 ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS, AND OVERSIGHT ...................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 10,912 10,912 650 INVESTIGATIVE AND SECURITY SERVICES ........................................................................................ ........................................................................................................ 1,559 1,559 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 109,492 109,492 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 4,757,155 4,757,155 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 734,505 734 ,505 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 212,6 91 212,691 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 53,040 53, 040 070 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 23,047 23,047 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 1,023,283 1,023,283 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3565 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
120 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 30,459 3 0,459 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 30,459 30,459 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 4,650 4,650 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 160 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 61,400 61,400 170 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 2,108 2,108 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 68,158 68,158 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 1,121,900 1,121,900 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 500 500 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 11,400 11,400 080 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 13,737 13,737 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 25,637 25,637 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 25,637 25,637 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 2,550 2,5 50 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 795 795 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 3,345 3,345 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 3,345 3,345 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 166,274 166,274  020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 1,492,580 1,492,580 030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. .................................................................................................. 110,237 110,237 040 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 209,996 209,996 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ......................................................................................... 92,412 92,412 060 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ........................................................................................ 1,289,693 1,289,693 070 FLYING HOUR PROGRAM ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 2,355,264 2,3 55,264 080 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 1,141 ,718 1,141,718 090 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 13,537 13,537 100 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 224,713 224,713 110 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 17,353 17,3 53 120 TACTICAL INTEL AND OTHER SPECIAL ACTIVITIES ................................................................................ ................................................................................................... 36,098 36,098 130 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 385 385  140 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 38,966 38,966 170 US NORTHCOM/NORAD .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 725 725 180 US STRATCOM ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 2,056  2,056 190 US CYBERCOM ................................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 35,189  35,189 200 US CENTCOM ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................... 162, 691 162,691 210 US SOCOM ...................................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................. 19 ,000 19,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 7,408,887 7,408,887 MOBILIZATION 230 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 1,287,65 9 1,287,659 240 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................. 107,064 107,064 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 1,394,723 1,394,723 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 280 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 300 300 290 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 340 340  330 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................. 25,327 25,327 340 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 844 8 44 350 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... .................................................................................................... 1,199 1,199 360 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 1,320 1, 320 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 29,330 29,330 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 51,108 51,108 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 430 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 154,485 154 ,485 440 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 13,608 13,608 480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 4,814 4,814 490 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 131,123 131,123 500 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 97,471 97,471 540 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 240 240 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 452,849 452,849 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3566 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 9,285,789 9,285,789 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 51,000 51,000 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 9,500  9,500 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 60,500 60,500 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 60,500 60,500 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 3,560 3,560 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 12,31 0 12,310 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 15,870 15,870 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 15,870 15,870 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 28,671 28, 671 040 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................ ............................................................................................ 3,733,161 3,733,161 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 3,761,832 3,761,832 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 1,944,813 1,944 ,813 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 100 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 1,781 1,781 110 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 21,723 21,723 130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... .................................................................................................... 111,702 111,702 150 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 127,023 127,023 170 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 14,377 14,37 7 190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ .................................................................................................... 2,208,442 1,658,442 Coalition Support Funds ........................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................... [–550,000 ] 230 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ....................................................................................................... 302,250 302,250 250 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 31,620 31,620 290 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 16,579 16,579 310 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 7,766 7,766 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 4,788,076 4,238,076 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 8,549,908 7,999,908 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 47,382,670 46,832,670 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................................. ......................................................................... 140,689,301 137,627,221 End strength cut ............................................................................................................... ......................................................................... [–993,200 ] Foreign Currency Fluctuation ................................................................................................... .................................................................. [–133,000 ] JROTC .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................... 1,220 Military Personnel Underexecution .............................................................................................. ............................................................... [–1,937,100 ] SUBTOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................................................... .....................140,689,301 137,627,221 MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS ............................................................................ ......................................................... 7,533,090 7,533,090 SUBTOTAL MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS .................................................................................................................. 7,533,090 7,533,090 TOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 148,222,391 145,160,311 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3567 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................................. ......................................................................... 4,660,661 4,660,661 SUBTOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................................................... .....................4,660,661 4,660,661 TOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 4,660,661 4,660,661 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 010 Industrial Operations ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 59,002 59,002 020 Supply Management—Army ..................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 99,763 9 9,763 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 59,002 59,002 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 99,763 99,763 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 020 Supplies and Materials ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 6 9,054 69,054 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 69,054 69,054 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 020 Supply Chain Management—Def ................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 48,096 48,0 96 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 48,096 48,096 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 010 Working Capital Fund, DECA ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 1,266 ,200 1,266,200 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 1,266,200 1,266,200 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................... 1,542,115 1,542,115 CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 1 Chem Demilitarization—O&M .................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 105,997 10 5,997 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 105,997 105,997 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 2 Chem Demilitarization—RDT&E .................................................................................................. .................................................................................................................... 886,728 886 ,728 SUBTOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION ............................................................................................................................... .....................................886,728 886,728 PROCUREMENT 3 Chem Demilitarization—Proc ................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 1,091 1, 091 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 1,091 1,091 TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 993,816 993,816 DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES 010 Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense ..................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 547,171 547,171 SUBTOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .................................547,171 547,171 DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM 020 Drug Demand Reduction Program .............................................................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 117,900 11 7,900 SUBTOTAL DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 117,900 117,900 READINESS COUNTERDRUG ACTIVITIES 040 Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense ..................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 5,276 5,276 SUBTOTAL READINESS COUNTERDRUG ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 5,276 5,276 NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM 030 National Guard Counter-Drug Program ........................................................................................ ................................................................................................................... 117,178 117, 178 SUBTOTAL NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM
............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 117,178 117,178 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 787,525 787,525 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3568 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
010 Office of the Inspector General ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 327, 611 327,611 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 327,611 327,611 RDT&E 020 Office of the Inspector General ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 1,60 2 1,602 SUBTOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 1,602 1,602 PROCUREMENT 030 Office of the Inspector General ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 60 6 0 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 60 60 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 329,273 329,273 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 010 In-House Care .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 9,738,569 9,738,569 020 Private Sector Care ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 15,103,735 15,103,735 030 Consolidated Health Support ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 2,10 7,961 2,107,961 040 Information Management ..................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 2,03 9,878 2,039,878 050 Management Activities ...................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 3 07,629 307,629 060 Education and Training ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 7 56,778 759,278 Specialized medical pilot program .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... [2,500] 070 Base Operations/Communications ............................................................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 2,090,845  2,090,845 SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 32,145,395 32,147,895 RDT&E 080 R&D Research ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 11,386 11,386 090 R&D Exploratry Development ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 75,01 0 75,010 100 R&D Advanced Development ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 275,258  275,258 110 R&D Demonstration/Validation ............................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 117,52 9 117,529 120 R&D Engineering Development ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 151,985  151,985 130 R&D Management and Support ................................................................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 63,755 63, 755 140 R&D Capabilities Enhancement ............................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 15,714 1 5,714 SUBTOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 710,637 710,637 PROCUREMENT 150 PROC Initial Outfitting .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 33,056 33,056 160 PROC Replacement & Modernization ........................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 343,424 343, 424 180 PROC DoD Healthcare Management System Modernization ........................................................................ ................................................................................................... 496,680 496,680 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 873,160 873,160 TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 33,729,192 33,731,692 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ...............................................................................................................................
....................................................................................... 37,381,921 37,384,421 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 020 Supply Management—Army ..................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 6,600 6, 600 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 6,600 6,600 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 020 Supplies and Materials ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 8 ,590 8,590 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 8,590 8,590 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................... 15,190 15,190 DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES 010 Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense ..................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 153,100 153,100 SUBTOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .................................153,100 153,100 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 153,100 153,100 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 010 Office of the Inspector General ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 24,6 92 24,692 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3569 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 24,692 24,692 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 24,692 24,692 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 010 In-House Care .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 72,627 72,627 020 Private Sector Care ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 277,066 277,066 030 Consolidated Health Support ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 2,37 5 2,375 SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 352,068 352,068 TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 352,068 352,068 COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) 010 IRAQ ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 850,000 850,000 020 SYRIA ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 300,000 300,000 030 Other ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 250,000 250,000 SUBTOTAL COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,400,000 1,400,000 TOTAL COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 1,400,000 1,400,000 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................... 1,945,050 1,945,050 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ARMY Alabama ARMY Anniston Army Depot Weapon Maintenance Shop ............................................................................... ......................................................... 5,200 5,200 California ARMY Fort Irwin Multipurpose Range Complex ..................................................................................... ................................................ 29,000 29,000 Colorado ARMY Fort Carson Vehicle Maintenance Shop ...................................................................................... ................................................... 77,000 77,000 Georgia ARMY Fort Gordon Cyber Instructional Fac and Network Ctr ....................................................................... ............................................ 99,000 99,000 Germany ARMY East Camp Grafenwoehr Mission Training Complex ............................................................................ .............................................................. 31,000 31,000 Hawaii ARMY Fort Shafter Command and Control Facility, Incr 4 ......................................................................... .............................................. 105,000 105,000 ARMY Wheeler Army Airfield Rotary wing parking apron ........................................................................... .............................................................. 0 50,000 Honduras ARMY Soto Cano AB Barracks ..................................................................................................... ................................................................. 21,000 21,000 Indiana ARMY Crane Army Ammunition Activity Railcar Holding Area ....................................................................... ........................................................................... 16,000 16,000 Kentucky ARMY Fort Campbell Microgrid and power plant ................................................................................... ...................................................... 0 18,000 ARMY Fort Campbell Vehicle Maintenance Shop .................................................................................... ..................................................... 32,000 32,000 ARMY Fort Knox Digital Air/Ground Integration Range ............................................................................ ............................................. 26,000 26,000 Korea ARMY Camp Tango Command and Control Facility ................................................................................... ................................................ 17,500 17,500 Kuwait ARMY Camp Arifjan Vehicle Maintenance Shop ..................................................................................... .................................................... 44,000 44,000 New Jersey ARMY Picatinny Arsenal Munitions Disassembly Complex ........................................................................... ..................................................... 41,000 41,000 New Mexico ARMY White Sands Missile Range Information Systems Facility .................................................................... .................................................................. 40,000 40,000 New York ARMY West Point Military Reservation Engineering Center ........................................................................ ............................................................................. 95,000 95,000 ARMY West Point Military Reservation Parking Structure ......................................................................... ............................................................................... 65,000 65,000 North Carolina ARMY Fort Bragg Dining Facility ................................................................................................ ............................................................. 10,000 10,000 South Carolina ARMY Fort Jackson Trainee Barracks Complex 3, PH2 .............................................................................. ................................................ 52,000 52,000 Texas ARMY Fort Bliss Supply Support Activity ........................................................................................ ...................................................... 24,000 24,000 ARMY Fort Hood Supply Support Activity ......................................................................................... ..................................................... 0 9,600 Virginia ARMY Arlington National Cemetery Arlington National Cemetery Southern Expansion ................................................ ...................................................... 0 30,000 Worldwide Unspecified ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Host Nation Support ....................................................................... ............................................................................ 34,000 34,000 ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ....................................................................... ........................................................................... 71,068 71,068 ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................................ ..................................................................... 72,000 72,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3570 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ....................................................................... ........................................................................... 5,000 5,000 SUBTOTAL ARMY............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 1,011,768 1,119,368 NAVY Arizona NAVY Camp Navajo Missile Motor Magazines and U&SI .............................................................................. ............................................. 0 14,800 Bahamas NAVY Andros Island AUTEC Austere Quarters ...................................................................................... ....................................................... 31,050 31,050 Bahrain Island NAVY SW Asia Fleet Maintenance Facility & TOC .................................................................................. ............................................ 26,340 26,340 California NAVY Camp Pendleton 62 Area Mess Hall & Consolidated Warehouse ................................................................. ........................................ 0 71,700 NAVY Camp Pendleton Supply Warehouse SOI-West .................................................................................. ..................................................... 0 16,600 NAVY Camp Pendleton Potable Water Distribution Improvements .................................................................... .............................................. 47,230 47,230 NAVY Camp Pendleton AAV-ACV Maintenance & Warehouse Facility ................................................................... .......................................... 49,410 49,410 NAVY Camp Pendleton Full Motion Trainer Facility ............................................................................... .......................................................... 10,670 10,670 NAVY Camp Pendleton Electrical Upgrades ........................................................................................ ............................................................ 4,020 4,020 NAVY Coronado CMV–22B Airfield Improvements .................................................................................... ............................................ 77,780 77,780 NAVY Lemoore F–35 Maintenance Hangar ........................................................................................... .............................................. 112,690 112,690 NAVY Miramar F–35 Vertical Landing Pads and Taxiway ............................................................................ ..................................... 20,480 20,480 NAVY Miramar Airfield Security Improvements .................................................................................... ............................................... 11,500 11,500 NAVY Point Mugu Directed Energy Systems Intergration Lab ....................................................................... .......................................... 22,150 22,150 NAVY San Diego Harbor Drive Switching Station .................................................................................. ................................................ 48,440 48,440 NAVY San Diego Pier 8 Replacement .............................................................................................. ...................................................... 108,100 108,100 NAVY San Nicolas Island Missile Assembly Build & High Explosive Mag ............................................................ .............................................. 31,010 31,010 NAVY Seal Beach Missile Magazines .............................................................................................. ........................................................ 0 21,800 NAVY Seal Beach Causeway, Boat Channel & Turning Basin ......................................................................... ....................................... 117,830 117,830 District of Columbia NAVY Naval Observatory Master Time Clocks & Operations Facility ................................................................ ................................................. 115,600 115,600 Florida NAVY Mayport LCS Support Facility .............................................................................................. ..................................................... 82,350 82,350 NAVY Mayport LCS Operational Training Facility Addition ........................................................................ ........................................ 29,110 29,110 NAVY NAS Whiting Field Air Traffic Control Tower (North Field) ................................................................. ...................................................... 0 10,000 Georgia NAVY MCLB Albany Welding and Body Repair Shop Facility ......................................................................... ............................................ 0 31,900 Germany NAVY Panzer Kaserne Marforeur HQ Modernization and Expansion ................................................................... ........................................... 43,950 43,950 Guam NAVY Joint Region Marianas Ace Gym & Dining .................................................................................... .................................................................. 27,910 27,910 NAVY Joint Region Marianas Earth Covered Magazines ............................................................................. .............................................................. 52,270 52,270 NAVY Joint Region Marianas Ordnance Ops ........................................................................................ ..................................................................... 22,020 22,020 NAVY Joint Region Marianas Machine Gun Range ................................................................................... ................................................................ 141,287 15,000 NAVY Joint Region Marianas Unaccompanied Enlisted Housing ...................................................................... ........................................................ 36,170 36,170 Guantanamo Bay, Cuba NAVY Guantanamo Bay Solid Waste Management Facility ............................................................................ .................................................. 85,000 85,000 Hawaii NAVY Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Drydock Waterfront Facility ................................................................ ......................................................................... 45,000 45,000 NAVY Kaneohe Bay Corrosion Control Hangar ...................................................................................... ..................................................... 66,100 66,100 NAVY Pearl City Water Transmission Line ........................................................................................ .................................................... 78,320 78,320 Japan NAVY Kadena AB Tactical Operations Center ...................................................................................... ................................................... 9,049 9,049 Maine NAVY Kittery Extend Portal Crane Rail .......................................................................................... .................................................. 39,725 39,725 NAVY Kittery Dry Dock #1 Superflood Basin ...................................................................................... ............................................. 109,960 109,960 Mississippi NAVY Naval Construction Battalion Center Expeditionary Combat Skills Student Berthing .......................................... ................................................................ 0 22,300 North Carolina NAVY Camp Lejeune 2nd Radio BN Complex, Phase 2 ................................................................................ ............................................... 0 51,300 
NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station Aircraft Maintenance Hangar ......................................................... ............................................................................ 133,970 27,000 NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station Flightline Utility Modernization .................................................... ............................................................................... 106,860 106,860 Pennsylvania NAVY Philadelphia Submarine Propulsor Manufacturing Support Fac ................................................................ ..................................... 71,050 71,050 South Carolina NAVY MCAS Beaufort Cryogenics Facility ......................................................................................... ............................................................. 0 6,300 NAVY MCAS Beaufort Recycling/Hazardous Waste Facility .......................................................................... ................................................. 9,517 9,517 NAVY Parris Island Range Improvements & Modernization, Phase 2 ................................................................. ...................................... 35,190 35,190 Utah NAVY Hill AFB D5 Missile Motor Receipt/Storage Facility ........................................................................ ......................................... 105,520 105,520 Virginia NAVY Portsmouth Ships Maintenance Facility ..................................................................................... ................................................... 26,120 26,120 NAVY Quantico Ammunition Supply Point Upgrade, Phase 2 ......................................................................... .................................... 0 13,100 NAVY Quantico TBS Fire Station ................................................................................................. ......................................................... 21,980 0 Washington NAVY Bangor Pier and Maintenance Facility ...................................................................................... .............................................. 88,960 88,960 NAVY Whidbey Island Fleet Support Facility ..................................................................................... ............................................................. 19,450 19,450 NAVY Whidbey Island Next Generation Jammer Facility ............................................................................ .................................................... 7,930 7,930 Worldwide Unspecified NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................................ ..................................................................... 0 25,000 NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................................ ..................................................................... 28,579 28,579 NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ....................................................................... ........................................................................... 185,542 185,542 SUBTOTAL NAVY............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 2,543,189 2,572,752 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3571 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
AIR FORCE Alaska AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A School AGE Facility ................................................................................ ......................................................... 22,500 22,500 AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A CATM Range ......................................................................................... ........................................................... 19,000 19,000 AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35 Aircraft Maintenance Unit Admin Facility ............................................................ ............................................ 6,800 6,800 AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35 Conventional Munitions Maintenance Fac .............................................................. .......................................... 15,500 15,500 Arizona AIR FORCE Davis-Monthan AFB AGE Facility ....................................................................................... .......................................................................... 0 15,000 AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A Squad Ops #6 .......................................................................................... ....................................................... 17,000 17,000 AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A ADAL AMU B914 Sq 6 .................................................................................... ................................................. 23,000 23,000 Florida AIR FORCE Eglin AFB F–35A Student Dormitory II ................................................................................. ....................................................... 28,000 28,000 AIR FORCE Eglin AFB F–35A Integrated Trng Center Academics Bldg ................................................................ ........................................ 34,863 34,863 AIR FORCE MacDill AFB KC135 Beddown Add Flight Simulator Training .............................................................. .......................................... 3,100 3,100 Guam AIR FORCE Joint Region Marianas Hayman Munitions Storage Igloos MSA 2 .......................................................... ........................................................ 9,800 9,800 Mariana Islands AIR FORCE Tinian APR—Cargo Pad With Taxiway Extension .......................................................................... ....................................... 46,000 46,000 AIR FORCE Tinian APR—Maintenance Support Facility .............................................................................. ............................................ 4,700 4,700 Maryland AIR FORCE Joint Base Andrews Child Development Center .......................................................................... ................................................................ 0 13,000 AIR FORCE Joint Base Andrews PAR Relocate Haz Cargo Pad and EOD Range .......................................................... ................................................ 37,000 37,000 AIR FORCE Joint Base Andrews Presidential Aircraft Recap Complex, Inc. 2 ....................................................... ....................................................... 154,000 121,250 Massachusetts AIR FORCE Hanscom AFB MIT-Lincoln Laboratory (West Lab CSL/MIF) ................................................................ .............................................. 225,000 175,000 Nebraska AIR FORCE Offutt AFB Parking Lot, USSTRATCOM ................................................................................... ....................................................... 9,500 9,500 Nevada AIR FORCE Creech AFB MQ–9 CPIP Operations & Command Center Fac. ................................................................ ...................................... 28,000 28,000 AIR FORCE Creech AFB MQ–9 CPIP GCS Operations Facility ......................................................................... ................................................. 31,000 31,000 AIR FORCE Nellis AFB CRH Simulator ............................................................................................. ............................................................... 5,900 5,900 New Mexico AIR FORCE Holloman AFB MQ–9 FTU Ops Facility ................................................................................... ............................................................ 85,000 85,000 AIR FORCE Kirtland AFB Wyoming Gate Upgrade for Anti-Terrorism Compliance ...................................................... ...................................... 0 7,000 New York AIR FORCE Rome Lab Anti-Terrorism Perimeter Security / Entry Control Point ..................................................... ....................................... 0 14,200 North Dakota AIR FORCE Minot AFB Consolidated Helo/TRF Ops/AMU and Alert Fac ................................................................ ......................................... 66,000 66,000 Ohio AIR FORCE Wright-Patterson AFB ADAL Intelligence Production Complex (NASIC) .................................................... ..................................................... 116,100 116,100 Oklahoma AIR FORCE Altus AFB KC–46A FTU/FTC Simulator Facility PH 3 ..................................................................... ............................................. 12,000 12,000 AIR FORCE Tinker AFB KC–46A Depot Maintenance Hangar ........................................................................... ............................................... 81,000 81,000 AIR FORCE Tinker AFB KC–46A Depot Fuel Maintenance Hangar ...................................................................... ............................................ 85,000 85,000 Qatar AIR FORCE Al Udeid Personnel Deployment Processing Facility .................................................................... ............................................. 40,000 40,000 AIR FORCE Al Udeid Flightline Support Facilities ............................................................................... ........................................................ 30,400 30,400 South Carolina AIR FORCE Shaw AFB CPIP MQ–9 MCE Group ......................................................................................... ..................................................... 53,000 53,000 Texas AIR FORCE Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland BMT Recruit Dormitory 6 .............................................................. .............................................................................. 25,000 25,000 United Kingdom AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Fuel System Maintenance Dock 2 Bay .................................................. ......................................................... 16,880 16,880 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Parking Apron ....................................................................... ........................................................................... 27,431 27,431 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A AGE Facility ........................................................................ ............................................................................. 12,449 12,449 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A ADAL Parts Store .................................................................... ......................................................................... 13,926 13,926 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A 6 Bay Hangar ........................................................................ .......................................................................... 39,036 39,036 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Dorm ................................................................................ ................................................................................ 29,541 29,541 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A ADAL Conventional Munitions MX ...................................................... ............................................................. 9,204 9,204 Utah AIR FORCE Hill AFB Composite Aircraft Antenna Calibration Fac ..................................................................
........................................... 0 26,000 Washington AIR FORCE White Bluff ADAL JPRA C2 Mission Support Facility .................................................................... ................................................. 0 14,000 Worldwide Classified AIR FORCE Classified Location TACMOR—Utilities and Infrastructure Support ...................................................... ................................................... 18,000 18,000 Worldwide Unspecified AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ...................................................................... ............................................................................ 0 20,000 AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ...................................................................... ............................................................................ 195,577 195,577 AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ...................................................................... ............................................................................ 11,000 11,000 AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction .................................................. .................................................................. 38,500 38,500 SUBTOTAL AIR FORCE............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................1,725,707 1,752,157 DEFENSE-WIDE Alabama DEFENSE-WIDE Anniston Army Depot Install microgrid ............................................................................. ............................................................................ 0 20,000 Alaska DEFENSE-WIDE Clear AFS Long Range Discrim Radar Sys Complex Ph2 ................................................................ ........................................... 174,000 130,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Greely Missile Field #1 Expansion ............................................................................ ............................................................. 8,000 8,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson Operations Facility Replacement ................................................... ............................................................................. 14,000 14,000 Arkansas DEFENSE-WIDE Little Rock AFB Hydrant Fuel System Alterations ................................................................... ............................................................. 14,000 14,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3572 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Belgium DEFENSE-WIDE U.S. Army Garrison Benelux (Chievres) Europe West District Superintendent’s Office ................................ ............................................................................ 14,305 14,305 California DEFENSE-WIDE Camp Pendleton SOF EOD Facility—West .............................................................................. ............................................................... 3,547 3,547 DEFENSE-WIDE Camp Pendleton SOF Human Performance Training Center-West ......................................................... ............................................... 9,049 9,049 DEFENSE-WIDE Coronado SOF NSWG–1 Operations Support Facility ................................................................... ............................................... 25,172 25,172 DEFENSE-WIDE Coronado SOF Close Quarters Combat Facility ....................................................................... ................................................... 12,768 12,768 DEFENSE-WIDE Coronado SOF ATC Applied Instruction Facility ..................................................................... ..................................................... 14,819 14,819 DEFENSE-WIDE Coronado SOF ATC Training Facility ................................................................................ ........................................................... 18,329 18,329 DEFENSE-WIDE Defense Distribution Depot-Tracy Main Access Control Point Upgrades ............................................... .......................................................................... 18,800 18,800 DEFENSE-WIDE NB Ventura County SNI Energy Storage System ....................................................................... ................................................................. 0 6,530 Colorado DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Carson SOF Human Performance Training Center ................................................................. ................................................ 15,297 15,297 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Carson SOF Mountaineering Facility ........................................................................... ............................................................ 9,000 9,000 Conus Classified DEFENSE-WIDE Classified Location Battalion Complex, PH2 ........................................................................ ...................................................................... 49,222 49,222 Djibouti DEFENSE-WIDE Camp Lemonnier ECIP-Install PV Ground Array ....................................................................... .............................................................. 0 3,750 Germany DEFENSE-WIDE Baumholder SOF Joint Parachute Rigging Facility ................................................................... ...................................................... 11,504 11,504 DEFENSE-WIDE Kaiserslautern AB Kaiserslautern Middle School .................................................................... ................................................................. 99,955 99,955 DEFENSE-WIDE Rhine Ordnance Barracks Medical Center Replacement Inc. 8 ......................................................... .................................................................. 319,589 319,589 DEFENSE-WIDE Weisbaden Clay Kaserne Elementary School .......................................................................... ...................................................... 56,048 56,048 Greece DEFENSE-WIDE NSA Souda Bay Energy Management Control Systems (EMCS) ............................................................ ............................................... 0 2,230 Guam DEFENSE-WIDE Naval Base Guam P–691 NBG 74 Facilities Automated Controls ........................................................ ................................................... 0 4,634 Guantanamo Bay, Cuba DEFENSE-WIDE Guantanamo Bay Working Dog Treatment Facility Replacement ......................................................... .................................................. 9,080 9,080 Hawaii DEFENSE-WIDE Bellows AFB Expand PV and provide energy resilience to fire crash rescue .......................................... ....................................... 0 2,944 Japan DEFENSE-WIDE Camp McTureous Bechtel Elementary School .......................................................................... ............................................................... 94,851 94,851 DEFENSE-WIDE Iwakuni Fuel Pier ................................................................................................. ..................................................................... 33,200 33,200 DEFENSE-WIDE Kadena AB Truck Unload Facilities ................................................................................. .............................................................. 21,400 21,400 DEFENSE-WIDE Yokosuka Kinnick High School ...................................................................................... .............................................................. 170,386 40,000 Kansas DEFENSE-WIDE Salina Training Center PV/Water Conservation & Energy Resilience .................................................. ............................................................ 0 3,500 Kentucky DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Campbell Ft Campbell Middle School ........................................................................... ............................................................. 62,634 62,634 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Campbell SOF Logistics Support Operations Facility ........................................................... ...................................................... 5,435 5,435 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Campbell SOF Air/Ground Integ. Urban Live Fire Range ......................................................... .................................................. 9,091 9,091 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Campbell SOF Multi-Use Helicopter Training Facility .......................................................... ...................................................... 5,138 5,138 Louisiana DEFENSE-WIDE JRB NAS New Orleans Distribution Switchgear ....................................................................... ....................................................................... 0 5,340 Maine DEFENSE-WIDE Kittery Consolidated Warehouse Replacement ........................................................................ ............................................... 11,600 11,600 Maryland DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #2 Inc 4 .................................................................... .................................................... 218,000 191,600 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #3 Inc 1 .................................................................... .................................................... 99,000 99,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Meade Mission Support Operations Warehouse Facility .......................................................... .............................................. 30,000 30,000 Missouri DEFENSE-WIDE St Louis Next NGA West (N2W) Complex Phase 1 Inc. 2 ............................................................... .......................................... 213,600 50,000 DEFENSE-WIDE St Louis Next NGA West (N2W) Complex Phase 2 Inc. 1 ............................................................... .......................................... 110,000 110,000 New Jersey DEFENSE-WIDE Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst Hot Cargo Hydrant System Replacement ............................................. ...................................................................... 10,200 10,200 North Carolina DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Replace Training Maze and Tower .................................................................... .................................................. 12,109 12,109 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF SERE Resistance Training Lab. Complex .............................................................. .............................................. 20,257 20,257 DEFENSE-WIDE New River Amb Care Center/Dental Clinic Replacement ............................................................... ............................................. 32,580 32,580 
Oklahoma DEFENSE-WIDE McAlester Bulk Diesel System Replacement .......................................................................... ..................................................... 7,000 7,000 South Carolina DEFENSE-WIDE MCAS Beaufort Electrical Hardening and Black Start CHP System ..................................................... .............................................. 0 22,402 Texas DEFENSE-WIDE Camp Mabry Install microgrid ...................................................................................... ................................................................... 0 5,500 DEFENSE-WIDE Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland Energy Aerospace Operations Facility .............................................. .......................................................................... 10,200 10,200 DEFENSE-WIDE Red River Army Depot General Purpose Warehouse .................................................................... ................................................................... 71,500 71,500 United Kingdom DEFENSE-WIDE Croughton RAF Ambulatory Care Center Addition/Alteration .......................................................... .................................................... 10,000 0 Virginia DEFENSE-WIDE Dam Neck SOF Magazines ............................................................................................ ............................................................... 8,959 8,959 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort A.P. Hill Training Campus .................................................................................... .................................................................... 11,734 11,734 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Belvoir Human Performance Training Center .................................................................... ..................................................... 6,127 6,127 DEFENSE-WIDE Humphreys Engineer Center Maintenance and Supply Facility ......................................................... ...................................................................... 20,257 20,257 DEFENSE-WIDE Joint Base Langley-Eustis Fuel Facilities Replacement ............................................................. .......................................................................... 6,900 6,900 DEFENSE-WIDE Joint Base Langley-Eustis Ground Vehicle Fueling Facility Replacement ............................................. ............................................................... 5,800 5,800 DEFENSE-WIDE NAS Oceana Super Flight Line Electrical Distribtion System (FLEDS) ................................................ ........................................... 0 2,520 DEFENSE-WIDE Pentagon North Village VACP & Fencing ............................................................................. ...................................................... 12,200 12,200 DEFENSE-WIDE Pentagon Exterior Infrastruc. & Security Improvements ............................................................. ............................................... 23,650 23,650 Washington DEFENSE-WIDE Joint Base Lewis-McChord Refueling Facility ....................................................................... ................................................................................. 26,200 26,200 Worldwide Unspecified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3573 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design—ERCIP ......................................................... ........................................................................... 0 5,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................... ................................................................................... 55,925 55,925 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................... ................................................................................... 496 496 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... ............................................................................. 10,000 10,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................... ................................................................................... 14,184 14,184 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... ............................................................................. 13,642 13,642 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... ............................................................................. 5,000 5,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Energy Resilience and Conserv. Invest. Prog. ...................................... ...................................................................... 150,000 150,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Contingency Construction .......................................................... ................................................................................. 10,000 10,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... ............................................................................. 3,000 3,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................... ................................................................................... 14,300 14,300 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERCIP Design ...................................................................... ........................................................................................ 10,000 10,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Exercise Related Minor Construction ............................................... ........................................................................... 12,479 12,479 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................... ................................................................................... 2,036 2,036 DEFENSE-WIDE Various Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ..................................................................... ................................................................................ 42,705 42,705 DEFENSE-WIDE Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ ......................................................................... 17,366 17,366 DEFENSE-WIDE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... ............................................................................... 55,699 55,699 SUBTOTAL DEFENSE-WIDE............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .........................2,693,324 2,403,288 ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Alaska ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson United States Property & Fiscal Office ..................................... ................................................................................. 27,000 27,000 Illinois ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Marseilles Automated Record Fire Range ..................................................................... ............................................................... 5,000 5,000 Montana ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Malta National Guard Readiness Center ...................................................................... ........................................................ 15,000 15,000 Nevada ARMY NATIONAL GUARD North Las Vegas National Guard Readiness Center ............................................................ .................................................................. 32,000 32,000 New Hampshire ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Pembroke National Guard Readiness Center ................................................................... ........................................................... 12,000 12,000 North Dakota ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Fargo National Guard Readiness Center ...................................................................... ........................................................ 32,000 32,000 Ohio ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Camp Ravenna Automated Multipurpose Machine Gun Range ...................................................... ..................................................... 7,400 7,400 Oklahoma ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Lexington Aircraft vehicle storage building ................................................................ ................................................................ 0 11,000 Oregon ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Boardman Tactical unmanned aerial vehicle hangar ........................................................... ...................................................... 0 11,000 South Dakota ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Rapid City National Guard Readiness Center ................................................................. ............................................................. 15,000 15,000 Texas ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Houston Unheated vehicle storage (aircraft) ................................................................ ........................................................... 0 15,000 Virginia ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Sandston Army aviation support facility .................................................................... ................................................................ 0 89,000 Worldwide Unspecified ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................. .................................................................................... 18,100 18,100 ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ........................................................ .......................................................................................... 16,622 16,622 SUBTOTAL ARMY NATIONAL GUARD ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...........180,122 306,122 AIR NATIONAL GUARD California AIR NATIONAL GUARD Channel Islands Angs Construct C–130J Flight Simulator Facility ............................................. .................................................................. 8,000 8,000 Hawaii AIR NATIONAL GUARD Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Construct Addition to F–22 LO/CRF B3408 ...................................... ......................................................................... 17,000 17,000 Illinois AIR NATIONAL GUARD Gen. Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport Construct New Fire Crash/Rescue Station .................. ............................................................................................... 9,000 9,000 Louisiana AIR NATIONAL GUARD JRB NAS New Orleans NORTHCOM—Construct Alert Apron .......................................................... ................................................................. 15,000 15,000 New York AIR NATIONAL GUARD Francis S. Gabreski Airport Security Forces/Comm.training Facility ..........................................
............................................................................ 20,000 20,000 Pennsylvania AIR NATIONAL GUARD Fort Indiantown Gap Replace Operations Training/Dining Hall ................................................. .................................................................. 8,000 8,000 Puerto Rico AIR NATIONAL GUARD Luis Munoz Marin International Hurricane Maria—Communications Facility ...................................... ........................................................................ 0 15,000 AIR NATIONAL GUARD Luis Munoz Marin International Airport Hurricane Maria—Maintenance Hangar ................................... ................................................................................. 0 35,000 Virginia AIR NATIONAL GUARD Joint Base Langley-Eustis Construct Cyber Ops Facility ...................................................... ................................................................................ 10,000 10,000 Worldwide Unspecified AIR NATIONAL GUARD Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ......................................................... ......................................................................................... 0 4,000 AIR NATIONAL GUARD Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .............................................. ................................................................................... 23,626 23,626 AIR NATIONAL GUARD Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................. ..................................................................................... 18,500 18,500 SUBTOTAL AIR NATIONAL GUARD ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..............129,126 183,126 ARMY RESERVE California ARMY RESERVE Barstow ECS Modified TEMF / Warehouse ............................................................................. .................................................. 34,000 34,000 Wisconsin ARMY RESERVE Fort McCoy Transient Training Barracks ............................................................................ ........................................................... 23,000 23,000 Worldwide Unspecified ARMY RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... ............................................................................. 2,064 2,064 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3574 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
ARMY RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................... ................................................................................... 5,855 5,855 SUBTOTAL ARMY RESERVE............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................64,919 64,919 NAVY RESERVE California NAVY RESERVE Seal Beach Reserve Training Center ................................................................................ ............................................................. 21,740 21,740 Georgia NAVY RESERVE Benning Reserve Training Center ................................................................................... .......................................................... 13,630 13,630 Worldwide Unspecified NAVY RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... ............................................................................. 3,000 3,000 NAVY RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ................................................................. .................................................................................... 4,695 4,695 SUBTOTAL NAVY RESERVE............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .........................43,065 43,065 AIR FORCE RESERVE Indiana AIR FORCE RESERVE Grissom ARB Aerial Port Facility ............................................................................. ......................................................................... 0 9,400 AIR FORCE RESERVE Grissom ARB Add/Alter Aircraft Maintenance Hangar ............................................................ ......................................................... 12,100 12,100 Minnesota AIR FORCE RESERVE Minneapolis-St Paul IAP Small Arms Range ..................................................................... ................................................................................. 9,000 9,000 Mississippi AIR FORCE RESERVE Keesler AFB Aeromedical Staging Squadron Facility ............................................................ ......................................................... 4,550 4,550 New York AIR FORCE RESERVE Niagara Falls IAP Physical Fitness Center .................................................................... .......................................................................... 14,000 14,000 Texas AIR FORCE RESERVE Fort Worth Munitions Training/Admin Facility ................................................................. ............................................................. 3,100 3,100 Worldwide Unspecified AIR FORCE RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design .......................................................... ........................................................................................ 0 5,000 AIR FORCE RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ............................................................ ......................................................................................... 4,055 4,055 AIR FORCE RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................... .................................................................................. 3,358 3,358 SUBTOTAL AIR FORCE RESERVE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................50,163 64,563 NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM Worldwide Unspecified NATO SECURITY INVEST-MENT PROGRAM NATO Security Investment Program NATO Security Investment Program .............................................................. .............................................................. 171,064 171,064 SUBTOTAL NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 171,064 171,064 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...............8,612,447 8,680,424 FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Germany CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Baumholder Family Housing Improvements ...................................................................... ............................................................. 32,000 32,000 Italy CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Vicenza Family Housing New Construction ..................................................................... ......................................................... 95,134 95,134 Korea CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Camp Humphreys Family Housing New Construction Incr 3 ....................................................... ............................................................ 85,000 85,000 CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Camp Walker Family Housing Replacement Construction ......................................................... ....................................................... 68,000 68,000 Puerto Rico CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Fort Buchanan Family Housing Replacement Construction ....................................................... ......................................................... 26,000 26,000 Wisconsin CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Fort McCoy Family Housing New Construction .................................................................. ............................................................ 6,200 6,200 Worldwide Unspecified CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Family Housing P & D ........................................................ ........................................................................................ 18,326 18,326 SUBTOTAL CONSTRUCTION, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............330,660 330,660 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY Worldwide Unspecified OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management .....................................................................................
.......................................................................... 36,302 36,302 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ....................................................................................... ................................................................................ 10,502 10,502 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... ............................................................................. 15,842 15,842 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous .................................................................................. ........................................................................... 408 408 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .................................................................................... ........................................................................... 75,530 75,530 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ................................................................................. 57,872 57,872 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ........................................................................................ ............................................................................... 161,252 161,252 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privitization Support .................................................................. ................................................................... 18,801 18,801 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 376,509 376,509 CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3575 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Mariana Islands CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Guam Replace Andersen Housing PH III ........................................................................................... .................................... 83,441 83,441 Worldwide Unspecified CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Improvements, Washington DC .................................................................... .............................................................. 16,638 16,638 CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations P&D Washington DC .............................................................................. ..................................................................... 4,502 4,502 SUBTOTAL CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 104,581 104,581 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Worldwide Unspecified OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ................................................................................. 60,252 60,252 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... ............................................................................. 16,395 16,395 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ..................................................................................... .......................................................................... 50,870 50,870 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous .................................................................................. ........................................................................... 148 148 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ....................................................................................... ................................................................................ 16,261 16,261 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ........................................................................................ ............................................................................... 62,515 62,515 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .................................................................................... ........................................................................... 86,328 86,328 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization Support .................................................................. .................................................................. 21,767 21,767 
SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 314,536 314,536 CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE Worldwide Unspecified CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Construction Improvements ...................................................................... .................................................................. 75,247 75,247 CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design .............................................................................. ....................................................................... 3,199 3,199 SUBTOTAL CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....78,446 78,446 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE Worldwide Unspecified OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization .......................................................................... ........................................................................ 22,205 22,205 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ................................................................................. 48,566 48,566 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ..................................................................................... .......................................................................... 54,423 54,423 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ....................................................................................... ................................................................................ 13,669 13,669 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... ............................................................................. 30,645 30,645 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous .................................................................................. ........................................................................... 2,171 2,171 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ........................................................................................ ............................................................................... 15,832 15,832 
OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .................................................................................... ........................................................................... 129,763 129,763 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 317,274 317,274 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Worldwide Unspecified OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ................................................................................. 4,100 4,100 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... ............................................................................. 416 416 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ................................................................................. 106 106 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ........................................................................................ ............................................................................... 13,046 13,046 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .................................................................................... ........................................................................... 121 121 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3576 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... ............................................................................. 643 643 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ........................................................................................ ............................................................................... 38,232 38,232 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... ............................................................................. 01 01 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ....................................................................................... ................................................................................ 02 02 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ................................................................................. 09 09 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,542 1,542 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ..................................................................................... .......................................................................... 155 155 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 58,373 58,373 IMPROVEMENT FUND Worldwide Unspecified IMPROVEMENT FUND Unspecified Worldwide Locations Administrative Expenses—FHIF .................................................. ............................................................................... 1,653 1,653 SUBTOTAL IMPROVEMENT FUND ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................1,653 1,653 UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND Worldwide Unspecified UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund Administrative Expenses—UHIF ............................................................ ..................................................................... 600 600 SUBTOTAL UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...600 600 TOTAL FAMILY HOUSING............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................1,582,632 1,582,632 DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ARMY Worldwide Unspecified ARMY Base Realignment & Closure, Army Base Realignment and Closure ............................................................. ..................................................................... 62,796 62,796 NAVY Worldwide Unspecified NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Base Realignment & Closure ................................................................ ..................................................................... 151,839 151,839 AIR FORCE Worldwide Unspecified AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations DoD BRAC Activities—Air Force ........................................................ ......................................................................... 52,903 52,903 TOTAL DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 267,538 267,538 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, FAMILY HOUSING, AND BRAC ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................ 10,462,617 10,530,594 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State or Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ARMY Bulgaria ARMY Nevo Selo FOS EDI: Ammunition Holding Area ................................................................................ ..................................................... 5,200 5,200 Guantanamo Bay, Cuba ARMY Guantanamo Bay OCO: High Value Detention Facility ......................................................................... ..................................................... 69,000 0 Poland ARMY Drawsko Pomorski Training Area EDI: Staging Areas ......................................................................... ............................................................................... 17,000 17,000 ARMY Powidz AB EDI: Rail Extension & Railhead .................................................................................. .................................................. 14,000 14,000 ARMY Powidz AB EDI: Ammunition Storage Facility ................................................................................ ................................................. 52,000 52,000 ARMY Powidz AB EDI: Bulk Fuel Storage .......................................................................................... ........................................................ 21,000 21,000 ARMY Zagan Training Area EDI: Rail Extension and Railhead ...................................................................... ........................................................... 6,400 6,400 ARMY Zagan Training Area EDI: Staging Areas .................................................................................... .................................................................... 34,000 34,000 Romania ARMY Mihail Kogalniceanu FOS EDI: Explosives & Ammo Load/Unload Apron .......................................................... ..................................................... 21,651 21,651 Worldwide Unspecified ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .................................................................. ........................................................................... 20,999 20,999 SUBTOTAL ARMY............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 261,250 192,250 NAVY Greece 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3577 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State or Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
NAVY Souda Bay EDI: Marathi Logistics Support Center ........................................................................... .............................................. 6,200 6,200 NAVY Souda Bay EDI: Joint Mobility Processing Center ........................................................................... ................................................ 41,650 41,650 Italy NAVY Sigonella EDI: P–8A Taxiway ............................................................................................... ......................................................... 66,050 66,050 Spain NAVY Rota EDI: Port Operations Facilities ...................................................................................... ................................................ 21,590 21,590 United Kingdom NAVY Lossiemouth EDI: P–8 Base Improvements .................................................................................... ................................................... 79,130 79,130 Worldwide Unspecified NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .................................................................. ........................................................................... 12,700 12,700 SUBTOTAL NAVY............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 227,320 227,320 AIR FORCE Germany AIR FORCE Ramstein AB EDI—KMC DABS-FEV/RH Storage Warehouses ................................................................... .......................................... 119,000 119,000 Norway AIR FORCE Rygge AS EDI—Construct Taxiway ....................................................................................... ........................................................ 13,800 13,800 Slovakia AIR FORCE Malacky AB EDI—Regional Munitions Storage Area ....................................................................... ................................................. 59,000 59,000 United Kingdom AIR FORCE RAF Fairford EDI—Construct DABS-FEV Storage .......................................................................... .................................................... 87,000 87,000 AIR FORCE RAF Fairford EDI—Munitions Holding Area .............................................................................. ......................................................... 19,000 19,000 Worldwide Unspecified AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI—Planning & Design Funds .......................................................... ......................................................................... 48,000 48,000 SUBTOTAL AIR FORCE............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 345,800 345,800 DEFENSE-WIDE Estonia DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Estonia EDI: SOF Training Facility .................................................................... ......................................................................... 9,600 9,600 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Estonia EDI: SOF Operations Facility .................................................................. ....................................................................... 6,100 6,100 Qatar DEFENSE-WIDE Al Udeid OCO: Trans-Regional Logistics Complex .................................................................... ................................................... 60,000 60,000 Worldwide Unspecified DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .......................................................... ................................................................................... 7,100 7,100 DEFENSE-WIDE Various Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .............................................................. ............................................................................... 4,250 4,250 SUBTOTAL DEFENSE-WIDE............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................87,050 87,050 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................921,420 852,420 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, FAMILY HOUSING, AND BRAC ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 921,420 852,420 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS. SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Discretionary Summary By Appropriation Energy And Water Development, And Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: Energy Programs Nuclear Energy ................................................................................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 136,090 13 6,090 Atomic Energy Defense Activities National nuclear security administration: Weapons activities ............................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 11,017,078 11,017,078  Defense nuclear nonproliferation ............................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 1,862,825 1,862,825 Naval reactors ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 1,788,618 1,788,61 8 Federal salaries and expenses .................................................................................................. .................................................................................................. 422,529 422,529 Total, National nuclear security administration ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 15,091,050 15,091,050 Environmental and other defense activities: Defense environmental cleanup .................................................................................................. ................................................................................................. 5,630,217 5,630,217 Other defense activities ....................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 853,300 853,300 Defense nuclear waste disposal ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................. 30,000 0 Total, Environmental & other defense activities ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 6,513,517 6,483,517 Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................... 21,604,567 21,574,567 Total, Discretionary Funding............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 21,740,657 21,710,657 Nuclear Energy Idaho sitewide safeguards and security ......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 136,090 136,090 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3578 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Total, Nuclear Energy............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 136,090 136,090 Weapons Activities Directed stockpile work Life extension programs and major alterations B61 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 794,049 794,049 W76 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 113,888 0 Split into W76–1 and W76–2 lines ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................ [–113,888 ] W76–1 Life extension program ................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 0 48,888 Complete W76–1 life extension .................................................................................................. ................................................................................................ [48,888 ] W76–2 Warhead modification program ............................................................................................. ................................................................................................... 0 65,000 NPR Implementation ............................................................................................................. ...................................................................................................... [65,000 ] W88 Alt 370 .................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 304,285 3 04,285 W80–4 Life extension program ................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 654,766 654,766 IW–1 ........................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 53,0 00 53,000 Total, Life extension programs and major alterations ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 1,919,988 1,919,988 Stockpile systems B61 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 64,547 64,547 W76 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 94,300 94,300 W78 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 81,329 81,329 W80 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 80,204 80,204 B83 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 35,082 35,082 W87 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 83,107 83,107 W88 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 180,913 180,913 Total, Stockpile systems............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 619,482 619,482 Weapons dismantlement and disposition Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 56,000 56,000 Stockpile services Production support ............................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................... 512,916 512, 916 Research and development support ............................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 38,129 38,129 R&D certification and safety ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 216,582 216,582 Management, technology, and production ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 300,736 300,736 Total, Stockpile services............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 1,068,363 1,068,363 Strategic materials Uranium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................... 87,182 87,182 Plutonium sustainment .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 361,282 361,282 Tritium sustainment ............................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 205,275 205,2 75 Lithium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 29,135 29,135 Domestic uranium enrichment .................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 100,704 100,704 Strategic materials sustainment ................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................... 218,794 218,794 Total, Strategic materials............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 1,002,372 1,002,372 Total, Directed stockpile work............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................... 4,666,205 4,666,205 Research, development, test and evaluation (RDT&E) Science Advanced certification ......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 57,710 57,710 Primary assessment technologies ................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................... 95,057 95,057 Dynamic materials properties ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 131,000 131,000 Advanced radiography ........................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 32,544 32,544 
Secondary assessment technologies .............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 77,553 77,553 Academic alliances and partnerships ............................................................................................ ...................................................................................................... 53,364 53,364 Enhanced Capabilities for Subcritical Experiments .............................................................................. ............................................................................................... 117,632 117,632 Total, Science............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 564,860 564,860 Engineering Enhanced surety ................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 43,226 43,2 26 Weapon systems engineering assessment technology ............................................................................... .......................................................................................... 27,536 27,536 Nuclear survivability .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 48,230 48,23 0 Enhanced surveillance .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 58,375 58,375 Stockpile Responsiveness ....................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 34,000 34,000 Total, Engineering............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 211,367 211,367 Inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield Ignition ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 22,4 34 22,434 Support of other stockpile programs ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................ 17,397 17,397 Diagnostics, cryogenics and experimental support ............................................................................... ............................................................................................... 51,453 51,453 Pulsed power inertial confinement fusion ....................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 8,310 8,310 Facility operations and target production ...................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 319,333 319,333 Total, Inertial confinement fusion and high yield ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 418,927 418,927 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3579 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Advanced simulation and computing Advanced simulation and computing .............................................................................................. ..................................................................................................... 656,401 656,401 Construction: 18–D–670, Exascale Class Computer Cooling Equipment, LANL ...................................................................... ......................................................................... 24,000 24,000 18–D–620, Exascale Computing Facility Modernization Project, LLNL .............................................................. ......................................................................... 23,000 23,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 47,000 47,000 Total, Advanced simulation and computing ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 703,401 703,401 Advanced manufacturing Additive manufacturing ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 17,447 17,447 Component manufacturing development ............................................................................................ .................................................................................................. 48,477 48,477 Process technology development ................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 30,914 30,914 Total, Advanced manufacturing ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................. 96,838 96,838 Total, RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 1,995,393 1,995,393 Infrastructure and operations Operations of facilities ....................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 891, 000 891,000 Safety and environmental operations ............................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 115,000 115,000  Maintenance and repair of facilities ........................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 365,000 365,0 00 Recapitalization: Infrastructure and safety ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 431,631 431,631  Capability based investments ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 109,057 109,057 Total, Recapitalization............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 540,688 540,688 Program increase to address high-priority deferred maintenance Construction: 19–D–670, 138kV Power Transmission System Replacement, NNSS .................................................................... .............................................................................. 6,000 6,000 19–D–660, Lithium Production Capability, Y–12 .................................................................................. .............................................................................................. 19,000 19,000 18–D–650, Tritium Production Capability, SRS ................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 27,000 27,000 17–D–640, U1a Complex Enhancements Project, NNSS ............................................................................... ....................................................................................... 53,000 53,000 16–D–515, Albuquerque complex project .......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 47,953 47,953 06–D–141 Uranium processing facility Y–12, Oak Ridge, TN ....................................................................... ..................................................................................... 703,000 703,000 04–D–125 Chemistry and metallurgy research facility replacement project, LANL .................................................. .......................................................................... 235,095 235,095 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 1,091,048 1,091,048 Total, Infrastructure and operations ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................... 3,002,736 3,002,736 Secure transportation asset Operations and equipment ....................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 176,617 17 6,617 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 10 2,022 102,022 Total, Secure transportation asset ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................ 278,639 278,639 Defense nuclear security Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 690,638 690 ,638 Total, Defense nuclear security ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................. 690,638 690,638 Information technology and cybersecurity ....................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 221,175 221,175 Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 162,292 162,292 Total, Weapons Activities
............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 11,017,078 11,017,078 Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs Global material security International nuclear security ................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................. 46,339 46,339 Domestic radiological security ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 90,764 90,764 International radiological security ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................ 59,576 59,576 Nuclear smuggling detection and deterrence ..................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 140,429 140,429 Total, Global material security ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 337,108 337,108 Material management and minimization HEU reactor conversion ......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 98,300 98,300 Nuclear material removal ....................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 32,925 32,925 Material disposition ........................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 200,869 200, 869 Total, Material management & minimization ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 332,094 332,094 Nonproliferation and arms control .............................................................................................. ................................................................................................................... 129,703 129, 703 Defense nuclear nonproliferation R&D ........................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 456,095 456,095 Nonproliferation Construction: 18–D–150 Surplus Plutonium Disposition Project ................................................................................. .............................................................................................. 59,000 59,000 99–D–143 Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility, SRS ...................................................................... ....................................................................................... 220,000 220,000 Total, Nonproliferation construction ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................... 279,000 279,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3580 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 1,534,000 1,534,000 Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 28,640 28,640 Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 319,185 319,185 Use of prior year balances ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . –19,000 –19,000 Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................... 1,862,825 1,862,825 Naval Reactors Naval reactors development ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 5 14,951 514,951 Columbia-Class reactor systems development ..................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 138,000 138,0 00 S8G Prototype refueling ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 250,000 250,000 Naval reactors operations and infrastructure ................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 525,764 52 5,764 Construction: .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 0 19–D–930, KS Overhead Piping ................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 10,994 10,994 17–D–911, BL Fire System Upgrade ............................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 13,200 13,200 14–D–901 Spent fuel handling recapitalization project, NRF ..................................................................... ................................................................................................. 287,000 287,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 311,194 311,194 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 48,709 48,709 Total, Naval Reactors............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 1,788,618 1,788,618 Federal Salaries And Expenses Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 422,529 422,529 Total, Office Of The Administrator ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 422,529 422,529 Defense Environmental Cleanup Closure sites: Closure sites administration ................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 4,889 4, 889 Richland: River corridor and other cleanup operations .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 89,577 89,577 Central plateau remediation .................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 562,473 5 62,473 Richland community and regulatory support ...................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 5,121 5,121 Construction: 18–D–404 WESF Modifications and Capsule Storage ................................................................................ ......................................................................................... 1,000 1,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 1,000 1,000 Total, Hanford site............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 658,171 658,171 Office of River Protection: Waste Treatment Immobilization Plant Commissioning ............................................................................. ................................................................................................... 15,000 15,000 Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ............................................................................ ........................................................................................................ 677,460 677,460 Construction: 15–D–409 Low activity waste pretreatment system, ORP ........................................................................... ........................................................................................ 56,053 56,053 01–D–416 A-D WTP Subprojects A-D ............................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 675,000 675,000 01–D–416 E—Pretreatment Facility ............................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 15,000 15,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 746,053 746,053 Total, Office of River protection ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................ 1,438,513 1,438,513 
Idaho National Laboratory: SNF stabilization and disposition—2012 ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 17,000 17,000 Solid waste stabilization and disposition ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 148,387 148,387 Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... .................................................................................................... 137,739 137,739 Soil and water remediation—2035 ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................... 42,900 42,900 Idaho community and regulatory support ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 3,200 3,200 Total, Idaho National Laboratory ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 349,226 349,226 NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 1,704 1,704 Nuclear facility D & D Separations Process Research Unit ....................................................................... ................................................................................................... 15,000 15,000 Nevada ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 60,136 60,136 Sandia National Laboratories ................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 2,600 2,60 0 Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................... 191,629 191, 629 Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 271,069 271,069 Oak Ridge Reservation: OR Nuclear facility D & D OR-0041—D&D—Y–12 ............................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 30,214 30,214 OR-0042—D&D—ORNL ............................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 60,007 60,007 Total, OR Nuclear facility D & D ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................ 90,221 90,221 U233 Disposition Program ....................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 45,000 45 ,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3581 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OR cleanup and waste disposition OR cleanup and disposition ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 67,000 67,000 Construction: 17–D–401 On-site waste disposal facility ....................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 5,000 5,000 14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility ................................................................................ ..................................................................................... 11,274 11,274 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 16,274 16,274 Total, OR cleanup and waste disposition ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 83,274 83,274 OR community & regulatory support .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................... 4,711 4,711 OR technology development and deployment ....................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 3,000 3,000 Total, Oak Ridge Reservation............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 226,206 226,206 Savannah River Sites: Nuclear Material Management .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 351,331 351, 331 Environmental Cleanup Environmental Cleanup .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 166,105 166,105 Construction: 18–D–402, Emergency Operations Center .......................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 1,259 1,259 Total, Environmental Cleanup............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 167,364 167,364 SR community and regulatory support ............................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 4,749 4,749 Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... ........................................................................................... 805,686 805,686 Construction: 18–D–401, SDU #8/9 ............................................................................................................. ...................................................................................................... 37,450 37,450 17–D–402—Saltstone Disposal Unit #7 ............................................................................................ ......................................................................................... 41,243 41,243 05–D–405 Salt waste processing facility, Savannah River Site ................................................................... ............................................................................. 65,000 65,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 143,693 143,693 Total, Savannah River site............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 1,472,823 1,472,823 Waste Isolation Pilot Plant Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 220,000 220 ,000 Central characterization project ............................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 19,500 19, 500 Critical Infrastructure Repair/Replacement ..................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 46,695 46,695 Transportation ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... 25,500 25,500 Construction: 15–D–411 Safety significant confinement ventilation system, WIPP ............................................................... ................................................................................... 84,212 84,212 15–D–412 Exhaust shaft, WIPP ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 1,000 1,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 85,212 85,212 Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................................... 396,907 396,907 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 300,000 300,000 Program support ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 6,979 6,979 Minority Serving Institution Partnership ....................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 6,000  6,000 Safeguards and Security Oak Ridge Reservation .......................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 14,023  14,023 Paducah ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 15,577 15,577 Portsmouth ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 15,078 15,078 
Richland/Hanford Site .......................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 86,68 6 86,686 Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 183,3 57 183,357 Waste Isolation Pilot Project .................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 6,580 6 ,580 West Valley .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 3,133 3,133 Total, Safeguards and Security ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 324,434 324,434 Technology development ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 25,000 25,000 HQEF-0040—Excess Facilities .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 150 ,000 150,000 Total, Defense Environmental Cleanup ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................. 5,630,217 5,630,217 Other Defense Activities Environment, health, safety and security Environment, health, safety and security ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 135,194 135,194 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 70 ,653 70,653 Total, Environment, Health, safety and security ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 205,847 205,847 Independent enterprise assessments Independent enterprise assessments ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................... 24,068 24,068 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 52 ,702 52,702 Total, Independent enterprise assessments ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 76,770 76,770 Specialized security activities ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 254,378 254,378 Office of Legacy Management Legacy management .............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 140,575  140,575 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 18 ,302 18,302 Total, Office of Legacy Management ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................... 158,877 158,877 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3582 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Defense related administrative support Chief financial officer ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 48, 484 48,484 Chief information officer ...................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 96,79 3 96,793 Project management oversight and Assessments ................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 8,412 8,412 Total, Defense related administrative support ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 153,689 153,689 Office of hearings and appeals ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 5, 739 5,739 Subtotal, Other defense activities ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 855,300 855,300 Rescission of prior year balances (OHA) ........................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ –2,000 –2,000 Total, Other Defense Activities ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 853,300 853,300 Defense Nuclear Waste Disposal Yucca mountain and interim storage ............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 30,000 0 Program cut .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–30,000 ] Total, Defense Nuclear Waste Disposal ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 30,000 0 
DIVISION E—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS TITLE LI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 5101. BRIEFING ON PROCUREMENT PLAN FOR ACQUIRED POSITION NAVIGA-TION AND TIMING (APNT) SOLUTION. 
Not later than September 1, 2018, the Sec-retary of the Army, in coordination with the Director of the Army’s Acquired Position Navigation and Timing (APNT) Cross Func-tional Team (CFT) pilot, shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing that outlines potential courses of action to begin immediate procurement of APNT sys-tems, subject to successful test and evalua-tion. 
SEC. 5102. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON KC–46A AER-IAL REFUELING TANKER EMERGENT REQUIREMENTS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the KC–46A aircraft will serve as the backbone of the Air Force’s critical aerial refueling mission for the next several dec-ades, replacing the aging 1950’s-era KC–135 Stratotanker fleet; (2) the Air Force has provided funding for numerous military construction projects at installations across the country to prepare for the delivery and bed down of the KC–46A aircraft; (3) as the KC–46A program matures and re-quirements become better defined, addi-tional military construction and facilities, sustainment, restoration and modernization (FSRM) funding is likely to be necessary to properly support the fielding of the aircraft, house additional personnel, and meet unfore-seen requirements of the tanker mission; and (4) the Secretary of the Air Force should continue to review and validate new emer-gent requirements and prepare to provide ad-ditional military construction and FSRM funding in its budget request for fiscal year 2020 and future years as needed. 
SEC. 5103. ADDITIONAL ELEMENT IN THE QUAR-TERLY UPDATES ON THE F–35 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER PROGRAM. 
The element on the assessment of the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program under section 152(b)(3) in the quarterly updates on that program under section 152 shall include an assessment of efforts to ensure that exces-sive sustainment costs do not threaten the Department of Defense’s ability to purchase the required number of aircraft. TITLE LII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 5201. JOINT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE RE-SEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND TRAN-SITION ACTIVITIES. 
The near-term actionable recommenda-tions of the Secretary of Defense under sec-tion 226(e)(3)(B) shall include recommenda-tions on research into systems that inte-grate the strengths and reliability of artifi-cial intelligence and machine learning with the inductive reasoning power of a human. SEC. 5202. SCOPE OF COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION STRATEGY FOR THE BRADLEY FIGHTING VEHICLE TRANSMISSION REPLACEMENT. 
The plan to use full and open competition in the acquisition strategy for the Bradley Fighting Vehicle transmission replacement required by section 241(b)(2) shall be based on the Federal Acquisition Regulation rather than to the maximum extent practicable. 
SEC. 5203. PILOT PROGRAM TO TEST MACHINE- VISION TECHNOLOGIES TO DETER-MINE THE AUTHENTICITY AND SE-CURITY OF MICROELECTRONIC PARTS IN WEAPON SYSTEMS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in coordination with the De-fense Microelectronics Activity, shall estab-lish a pilot program to test the feasibility and reliability of using machine-vision tech-nologies to determine the authenticity and security of microelectronic parts in weapon systems. (b) O
BJECTIVES OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The objective of the pilot program required by subsection (a) shall include determining the following: (1) The effectiveness and technology readi-ness level of machine-vision technologies to determine the authenticity of microelec-tronic parts at the time of the creation of such part through final insertion of such part into weapon systems. (2) The best method of incorporating ma-chine-vision technologies into the process of developing, transporting, and inserting microelectronics into weapon systems. (3) The rules, regulations, or processes that hinder the development and incorporation of machine-vision technologies, and the appli-cation of such rules, regulations, or proc-esses to mitigate counterfeit microelec-tronics proliferation throughout the Depart-ment of Defense. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the pilot program required by subsection (a), the Under Secretary may consult with the fol-lowing: (1) Manufacturers of semiconductors or electronics. (2) Industry associations relating to semi-conductors or electronics. (3) Original equipment manufacturers of products for the Department of Defense. (4) Nontraditional defense contractors (as defined in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code) that are machine-vision compa-nies. (5) Federal laboratories (as defined in sec-tion 2500 of title 10, United States Code). (6) Other elements of the Department of Defense that fall under the authority of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. (d) COMMENCEMENT AND DURATION .—The pilot program established under this section shall be established not later than April 1, 2019, and all activities under such pilot pro-gram shall terminate not later than Decem-ber 31, 2020. TITLE LIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 5301. PRIORITIZATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS FOR FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION, AND MODERNIZATION DEMOLITION. 
The Secretary of Defense shall establish prioritization metrics for facilities deemed eligible for demolition within the Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Moderniza-tion (FSRM) process. Those metrics shall in-clude full spectrum readiness and environ-mental impacts, including the removal of contamination. 
SEC. 5302. CORE SAMPLING AT JOINT BASE SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS. 
(a) S ITE INVESTIGATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall conduct a core sampling study along the proposed route of the W-6 wastewater treatment line on Air Force real property, in compliance with best engineering practices, to deter-mine if any regulated or hazardous sub-stances are present in the soil along the pro-posed route. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the results of the core samples taken pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 5303. TRANSPORTATION TO CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES OF RETIRED MILI-TARY WORKING DOGS OUTSIDE THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES THAT ARE SUITABLE FOR ADOPTION IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 2583(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3)(A) In the case of a military working dog located outside the continental United States (OCONUS) at the time of retirement that is suitable for adoption at that time, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall undertake transportation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3583 June 11, 2018 
the dog to the continental United States (in-cluding transportation by contract at United States expense) for adoption under this sec-tion unless— ‘‘(i) the dog is adopted as described in para-graph (2)(A); or ‘‘(ii) transportation of the dog to the conti-nental United States would not be in the best interests of the dog for medical reasons. ‘‘(B) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to alter the preference in adoption of retired military working dogs for former handlers as set forth in subsection (g).’’. 
SEC. 5304. ADDITIONAL ELEMENT IN REPORT ON COLD WEATHER CAPABILITIES AND READINESS OF THE UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES. 
The report on cold weather capabilities and readiness of the United States Armed Forces required by section 322 shall also in-clude an analysis of potential partnerships with State, local, tribal, and private entities to maximize training potential and to utilize local expertise. 
SEC. 5305. REPORT ON AIR FORCE TRAINING RANGE REQUIREMENTS TO AD-DRESS FIFTH GENERATION THREATS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Department of Defense needs to en-sure that air training ranges are properly equipped to prepare pilots for operating in any battlespace where they may have to op-erate. (2) The ongoing development of anti-air-craft technology among near-peer competi-tors of the United States, and the prolifera-tion of that technology to a widening array of potential battlefields, necessitates max-imum preparedness among United States fighter and bomber pilots. (3) Years of focusing on low intensity sta-bility operations and multiple budget cycles under spending caps have resulted in an under capitalization of fifth generation training resources. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the needs of the Air Force to ensure pilots can train against the full range of fifth generation threats at training ranges, in-cluding— (1) the appropriate mix of live and virtual threats that should be available on the train-ing ranges; (2) the need to have threat representative simulators at those training ranges; (3) the plan to meet those needs; (4) the resources required to meet those needs; and (5) the timeline for meeting those needs. 
SEC. 5306. ANNUAL REPORT ON DIFFERENCES IN SHIP REPAIR CONTRACT AND FINAL DELIVERY COSTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the dif-ferences between the final contract and final delivery cost for each ship repair, including a description of any growth work that was added after the contract award and a de-tailed explanation on why the growth work was not included in original contract pro-posal. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that it is important to create and maintain a stable work load for the defense industrial base at ship repair yards. 
SEC. 5307. REPORT ON AIR FORCE AIRFIELD OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall conduct an assessment and submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the operational requirements for Air Force airfields. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An assessment of the state of airfields where runway degradation currently poses a threat to operations and airfields where such degradation threatens operations in the next five and ten years. (2) A description of the operational re-quirements for airfields, including an assess-ment of the impact to operations, cost to re-pair, cost to replace, remaining useful life, and the required daily maintenance to en-sure runways are acceptable for full oper-ations. (3) A description of any challenges with in-frastructure acquisition methods and proc-esses. (4) An assessment of the operational im-pact in the event a runway were to become inoperable due to a major degradation inci-dent, such as a crack or fracture resulting from lack of maintenance and repair. (5) A plan to address any shortfalls associ-ated with the Air Force’s runway infrastruc-ture. (c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex as necessary. TITLE LV—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
SEC. 5501. REPORT ON PARTICIPATION IN THE TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 28, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on participation in the Transition Assistance Program under sec-tion 1144 of title 10, United States Code, by members of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Information on the participation of members of the Armed Forces in the Transi-tion Assistance Program during 2018, includ-ing the following: (A) The number of members who were eli-gible for participation in the Program during 2018, in aggregate and by component of the Armed Forces. (B) The number of members who partici-pated in the Program during 2018, in aggre-gate and by component of the Armed Forces, for each service as follows: (i) Preseparation counseling provided by the Department of Defense. (ii) Briefings provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs. (iii) Employment workshops provided by the Department of Labor. (C) The number of members who did not participate in the Program during 2018 due to a waiver of the participation requirement under section 114(c)(2) of title 10, United Stats Code, for each service set forth in sub-paragraph (B). (2) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, considers appropriate to increase participa-tion of members of the Armed Forces in each service set forth in paragraph (1)(B). (3) Assessments of the Transition Assist-ance Program by members of the Armed Forces who participated in the Program dur-ing 2018, including the following: (A) A summary of the data obtained by the Department of Defense through assessments of the Program by participants in the Pro-gram during 2018, including data obtained through the assessments as follows: (i) The Transition Goals Plans Success (GPS) Participant Assessment. (ii) Status of Forces Surveys (SOFS). (B) A summary of the conclusions derived by the Secretary of Defense from the data described in subparagraph (A). (4) Such recommendations for improve-ments to the Transition Assistance Program as the Secretary of Defense considers appro-priate in light of the data described by para-graph (3)(A) and the conclusions described by paragraph (3)(B), including recommendations for such legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate to carry out such improvements. SEC. 5502. BRIEFING ON THE STATUS OF THE PLAN OF THE ARMY TO TRANSITION TO NEW INSECTICIDE PRETREATMENTS ON COMBAT UNI-FORMS. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing the status of approval of, and any plan to transition to, the use of new insecticide pretreatments on combat uniforms. TITLE LVIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, AC-QUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RE-LATED MATTERS 
SEC. 5801. INSTRUCTION ON PILOT PROGRAM RE-GARDING EMPLOYMENT OF PER-SONS WITH DISABILITIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall update the Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulatory Supplement to include an instruction on the pilot program regard-ing employment of persons with disabilities authorized under section 853 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). 
SEC. 5802. DEVELOPING INNOVATION AND GROW-ING THE INTERNET OF THINGS. 
(a) F INDINGS ; SENSE OF CONGRESS .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) the Internet of Things refers to the growing number of connected and inter-connected devices; (B) estimates indicate that more than 50,000,000,000 devices will be connected to the internet by 2020; (C) the Internet of Things has the potential to generate trillions of dollars in new eco-nomic activity around the world; (D) businesses across the United States can develop new services and products, improve operations, simplify logistics, cut costs, and pass savings on to consumers by utilizing the Internet of Things and related innovations; (E) the United States leads the world in the development of technologies that sup-port the internet and the United States tech-nology sector is well-positioned to lead in the development of technologies for the Internet of Things; (F) the United States Government can im-plement this technology to better deliver services to the public; and (G) the Senate unanimously passed Senate Resolution 110, 114th Congress, agreed to March 24, 2015, calling for a national strat-egy for the development of the Internet of Things. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that policies governing the Inter-net of Things should maximize the potential and development of the Internet of Things to benefit all stakeholders, including busi-nesses, governments, and consumers. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Com-mission. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (3) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘steer-ing committee’’ means the steering com-mittee established under subsection (c)(5). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3584 June 11, 2018 
(4) W ORKING GROUP .—The term ‘‘working group’’ means the working group convened under subsection (c)(1). (c) F
EDERAL WORKING GROUP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-vene a working group of Federal stake-holders for the purpose of providing rec-ommendations and a report to Congress re-lating to the aspects of the Internet of Things described in paragraph (2). (2) D
UTIES .—The working group shall— (A) identify any Federal regulations, stat-utes, grant practices, budgetary or jurisdic-tional challenges, and other sector-specific policies that are inhibiting, or could inhibit, the development of the Internet of Things; (B) consider policies or programs that en-courage and improve coordination among Federal agencies with jurisdiction over the Internet of Things; (C) consider any findings or recommenda-tions made by the steering committee and, where appropriate, act to implement those recommendations; and (D) examine— (i) how Federal agencies can benefit from utilizing the Internet of Things; (ii) the use of Internet of Things tech-nology by Federal agencies as of the date on which the working group performs the exam-ination; (iii) the preparedness and ability of Fed-eral agencies to adopt Internet of Things technology in the future; and (iv) any additional security measures that Federal agencies may need to take to— (I) safely and securely use the Internet of Things, including measures that ensure the security of critical infrastructure; and (II) enhance the resiliency of Federal sys-tems against cyber threats to the Internet of Things. (3) A
GENCY REPRESENTATIVES .—In con- vening the working group under paragraph (1), the Secretary may appoint representa-tives, and shall specifically consider seeking representation, from— (A) the Department of Commerce, includ-ing— (i) the National Telecommunications and Information Administration; (ii) the National Institute of Standards and Technology; and (iii) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (B) the Department of Transportation; (C) the Department of Homeland Security; (D) the Office of Management and Budget; (E) the National Science Foundation; (F) the Commission; (G) the Federal Trade Commission; (H) the Office of Science and Technology Policy; (I) the Department of Energy; and (J) the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission. (4) N
ONGOVERNMENTAL STAKEHOLDERS .—The working group shall consult with nongovern-mental stakeholders, including— (A) the steering committee; (B) information and communications tech-nology manufacturers, suppliers, service pro-viders, and vendors; (C) subject matter experts representing in-dustrial sectors other than the technology sector that can benefit from the Internet of Things, including the energy, agriculture, and health care sectors; (D) small, medium, and large businesses; (E) think tanks and academia; (F) nonprofit organizations and consumer groups; (G) rural stakeholders; and (H) other stakeholders with relevant exper-tise, as determined by the Secretary. (5) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .— (A) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Department of Commerce a steer-ing committee to advise the working group. (B) D
UTIES .—The steering committee shall advise the working group with respect to— (i) the identification of any Federal regula-tions, statutes, grant practices, programs, budgetary or jurisdictional challenges, and other sector-specific policies that are inhib-iting, or could inhibit, the development of the Internet of Things; (ii) whether adequate spectrum is available to support the growing Internet of Things and what legal or regulatory barriers may exist to providing any spectrum needed in the future; (iii) policies or programs that— (I) promote or are related to the privacy of individuals who use or are affected by the Internet of Things; (II) may enhance the security of the Inter-net of Things, including the security of crit-ical infrastructure; (III) may protect users of the Internet of Things; and (IV) may encourage coordination among Federal agencies with jurisdiction over the Internet of Things; (iv) the opportunities and challenges asso-ciated with the use of Internet of Things technology by small businesses; and (v) any international proceeding, inter-national negotiation, or other international matter affecting the Internet of Things to which the United States is or should be a party. (C) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary shall ap-point to the steering committee members representing a wide range of stakeholders outside of the Federal Government with ex-pertise relating to the Internet of Things, in-cluding— (i) information and communications tech-nology manufacturers, suppliers, service pro-viders, and vendors; (ii) subject matter experts representing in-dustrial sectors other than the technology sector that can benefit from the Internet of Things, including the energy, agriculture, and health care sectors; (iii) small, medium, and large businesses; (iv) think tanks and academia; (v) nonprofit organizations and consumer groups; (vi) rural stakeholders; and (vii) other stakeholders with relevant ex-pertise, as determined by the Secretary. (D) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the steer-ing committee shall submit to the working group a report that includes any findings made by, or recommendations of, the steer-ing committee. (E) I
NDEPENDENT ADVICE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The steering committee shall set the agenda of the steering com-mittee in carrying out the duties of the steering committee under subparagraph (B). (ii) S
UGGESTIONS .—The working group may suggest topics or items for the steering com-mittee to study and the steering committee shall take those suggestions into consider-ation in carrying out the duties of the steer-ing committee. (iii) R
EPORT .—The steering committee shall ensure that the report submitted under subparagraph (D) is the result of the inde-pendent judgment of the steering committee. (F) T
ERMINATION .—The steering committee shall terminate on the date on which the working group submits the report under paragraph (6) unless, on or before that date, the Secretary files a new charter for the steering committee under section 9(c) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (6) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit to Congress a re-port that includes— (i) the findings and recommendations of the working group with respect to the duties of the working group under paragraph (2); (ii) the report submitted by the steering committee under paragraph (5)(D), as the re-port was received by the working group; (iii) recommendations for action or reasons for inaction, as applicable, with respect to each recommendation made by the steering committee in the report submitted under paragraph (5)(D); and (iv) an accounting of any progress made by Federal agencies to implement recommenda-tions made by the working group or the steering committee. (B) C
OPY OF REPORT .—The working group shall submit a copy of the report described in subparagraph (A) to— (i) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; and (iii) any other committee of Congress, upon request to the working group. (d) A
SSESSING SPECTRUM NEEDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission, in con-sultation with the National Telecommuni-cations and Information Administration, shall issue a notice of inquiry seeking public comment on the current, as of the date of en-actment of this Act, and future spectrum needs of the Internet of Things. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In issuing the notice of inquiry under paragraph (1), the Commission shall seek comments that consider and evaluate— (A) whether adequate spectrum is available to support the growing Internet of Things; (B) what regulatory barriers may exist to providing any needed spectrum for the Inter-net of Things; and (C) what the role of licensed and unlicensed spectrum is and will be in the growth of the Internet of Things. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report summarizing the comments submitted in response to the notice of in-quiry issued under paragraph (1). TITLE LIX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
SEC. 5901. CLARIFICATION OF CERTAIN RISK AS-SESSMENT REQUIREMENTS OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF IN CONNECTION WITH THE NATIONAL MILITARY STRAT-EGY. 
Section 153(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D)(iii), by striking ‘‘military strategic and operational risks’’ and inserting ‘‘military risk’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B)(ii), by striking ‘‘military strategic and operational risks to United States interests and the military strategic and operational risks in executing the National Military Strategy (or update)’’ and inserting ‘‘military strategic risks to United States interests and military risks in executing the National Military Strategy (or update)’’. TITLE LX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 6001. BUSINESS CASE ANALYSIS OF READY RESERVE FORCE RECAPITALIZA-TION OPTIONS. 
(a) B USINESS CASE ANALYSIS REQUIRED .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3585 June 11, 2018 
Navy shall, in consultation with the Admin-istrator of the Maritime Administration and the Commander of United States Transpor-tation Command, submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth a business case analysis of recapitaliza-tion options for the Ready Reserve Force (RRF). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The business case analysis required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Each sealift capability area, and the as-sociated capacity, for which Ready Reserve Force vessels are required to be recapitalized through fiscal year 2048. (2) The categories of vessels being consid-ered in each area specified pursuant to para-graph (1), including the following: (A) United States purpose-built vessels (such as Common Hull Auxiliary Multi-mis-sion Platform). (B) United States non-purpose built vessels (such as vessels formerly engaged in Jones Act trade). (C) Foreign-built vessels that participated in the Maritime Security Program. (D) Foreign-built vessels that did not par-ticipate in the Maritime Security Program. (3) For each category of vessel specified pursuant to paragraph (2), the following: (A) Anticipated availability of vessels within such category in the timeframe need-ed to meet United States Transportation Command sealift requirements. (B) Anticipated purchase price, if applica-ble. (C) Anticipated cost and scope of mod-ernization. (D) Anticipated duration of modernization period. (E) Anticipated service life as a Ready Re-serve Force vessel. (F) Anticipated military utility. (G) Ability of one such vessel to replace more than one existing Ready Reserve Force vessel. (4) A cost-benefit determination on the mix of capabilities and vessels identified pursu-ant to paragraphs (1) through (3) that could ensure United States Transportation Com-mand sealift requirements are met through fiscal year 2048, which determination shall include a comparison of the useful service life of each category of vessels specified pur-suant to paragraph (2) with the costs of such category of vessels. 
SEC. 6002. TRANSFER OF EXCESS NAVAL VESSEL TO BAHRAIN. 
(a) T RANSFER BY GRANT .—The President is authorized to transfer to the Government of Bahrain the OLIVER HAZARD PERRY class guided missile frigate ex-USS ROBERT G. BRADLEY (FFG–49) on a grant basis under section 516 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j). (b) G
RANT NOTCOUNTED IN ANNUAL TOTAL  
OFTRANSFERRED EXCESS DEFENSE ARTI-
CLES.—The value of the vessel transferred to the Government of Bahrain on a grant basis pursuant to authority provided by sub-section (a) shall not be counted against the aggregate value of excess defense articles transferred in any fiscal year under section 516 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j). (c) C
OSTS OF TRANSFER .—Any expense in-curred by the United States in connection with the transfer authorized by this section shall be charged to the Government of Bah-rain notwithstanding section 516(e) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j(e)). (d) R
EPAIR AND REFURBISHMENT IN UNITED  S
TATES SHIPYARDS .—To the maximum extent practicable, the President shall require, as a condition of the transfer of a vessel under this section, that the Government of Bahrain have such repair or refurbishment of the ves-sel as is needed, before the vessel joins the naval forces of that country, performed at a shipyard located in the United States, in-cluding a United States Navy shipyard. (e) EXPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—The author-ity to transfer a vessel under this section shall expire at the end of the three-year pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6003. MEMBERS OF PANEL CONDUCTING RE-VIEW OF MILITARY AVIATION READI-NESS IN SUPPORT OF THE NA-TIONAL DEFENSE STRATEGY. 
Notwithstanding subparagraph (C) of sec-tion 1044(b)(2), the official who shall be re-ferred to in that subparagraph is the Com-mander, Naval Air Forces. 
SEC. 6004. STUDY ON PHASING OUT OPEN BURN PITS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a report that includes— (1) details of any ongoing use of open burn pits; and (2) the feasibility of phasing out the use of open burn pits by using technology inciner-ators. (b) O
PENBURN PITDEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘open burn pit’’ means an area of land— (1) that is designated by the Secretary of Defense to be used for disposing solid waste by burning in the outdoor air; and (2) does not contain a commercially manu-factured incinerator or other equipment spe-cifically designed and manufactured for the burning of solid waste. 
SEC. 6005. AIRBORNE HAZARDS AND OPEN BURN PIT REGISTRY. 
Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall carry out an annual education campaign to inform individuals who may be eligible to enroll in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry of such eligibility. Each such campaign shall include at least one electronic method and one phys-ical mailing method to provide such infor-mation. 
SEC. 6006. IMPROVING SMALL BUSINESS LOAN PROGRAMS FOR EMPLOYEE-OWNED BUSINESS CONCERNS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘Administration’’ and ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’ mean the Small Business Ad-ministration and the Administrator thereof, respectively; (2) the term ‘‘cooperative’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 7(a)(35) of the Small Business Act, as added by subsection (b); (3) the term ‘‘employee-owned business concern’’ means— (A) a cooperative; and (B) a qualified employee trust; (4) the terms ‘‘qualified employee trust’’ and ‘‘small business concern’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632); and (5) the term ‘‘small business development center’’ means a small business development center described in section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648). (b) E
XPANSION OF 7(A) LOANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (15)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘this subsection to qualified employee trusts’’ and inserting ‘‘this sub-section— ‘‘(i) to qualified employee trusts’’; (II) in clause (i), as so designated— (aa) by inserting ‘‘, and for any transaction costs associated with purchasing,’’ after ‘‘purchasing’’; (bb) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) to a small business concern under a plan approved by the Administrator, if the proceeds from the loan are only used to make a loan to a qualified employee trust, and for any transaction costs associated with making that loan, that results in the qualified employee trust owning at least 51 percent of the small business concern.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘or by the small business concern’’ after ‘‘the trustee of such trust’’; (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) with respect to a loan made to a trust, or to a cooperative in accordance with paragraph (35)— ‘‘(I) a seller of the small business concern may remain involved as an officer, director, or key employee of the small business con-cern when a qualified employee trust or co-operative has acquired 100 percent of owner-ship of the small business concern; and ‘‘(II) any seller of the small business con-cern who remains as an owner of the small business concern, regardless of the percent-age of ownership interest, shall be required to provide a personal guarantee by the Ad-ministration.’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A small business concern that makes a loan to a qualified employee trust under subparagraph (A)(ii) is not required to con-tain the same terms and conditions as the loan made to the small business concern that is guaranteed by the Administration under such subparagraph. ‘‘(G) With respect to a loan made to a qualified employee trust under this para-graph, or to a cooperative in accordance with paragraph (35), the Administrator may, as determined appropriate by the Adminis-trator, elect to not require any mandatory equity to be provided by the qualified em-ployee trust or cooperative to make the loan.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(35) LOANS TO COOPERATIVES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘cooperative’ means an entity that is determined to be a cooperative by the Ad-ministrator, in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws and regulations. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY .—The Administration shall guarantee loans made to a cooperative for the purpose described in paragraph (15).’’. (2) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO PRE -
FERRED LENDERS .—Section 5(b)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 634(b)(7)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including loans guaranteed under paragraph (15) or (35) of section 7(a)’’ after ‘‘deferred participation loans’’. (c) S
MALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY  P
ROGRAM OUTREACH .—The Administrator shall provide outreach and educational ma-terials to companies licensed under section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 681(c)) to increase the use of funds to make investments in company tran-sitions to employee-owned business con-cerns. (d) S
MALL BUSINESS MICROLOAN PROGRAM  O
UTREACH .—The Administrator shall provide outreach and educational materials to inter-mediaries under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)) to increase the use of funds to make loans to employee- owned business concerns, including transi-tions to employee-owned business concerns. (e) S
MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER  O
UTREACH AND ASSISTANCE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a Small Business Employee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3586 June 11, 2018 
Ownership and Cooperatives Promotion Pro-gram to offer technical assistance and train-ing on the transition to employee ownership through cooperatives and qualified employee trusts. (2) S
MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CEN -
TERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-gram established under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall enter into agreements with small business development centers under which the centers shall— (i) provide access to information and re-sources on employee ownership through co-operatives or qualified employee trusts as a business succession strategy; (ii) conduct training and educational ac-tivities; and (iii) carry out the activities described in subparagraph (U) of section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)), as added by subparagraph (B). (B) A
DDITIONAL SERVICES .—Section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (S), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (T), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(U) encouraging and assisting the provi-sion of succession planning to small business concerns with a focus on transitioning to co-operatives, as defined in section 7(a)(35), and qualified employee trusts (collectively re-ferred to in this subparagraph as ‘employee- owned business concerns’), including by— ‘‘(i) providing training to individuals to promote the successful management, govern-ance, or operation of a business purchased by those individuals in the formation of an em-ployee-owned business concern; ‘‘(ii) assisting employee-owned business concerns that meet applicable size standards established under section 3(a) with education and technical assistance with respect to fi-nancing and contracting programs adminis-tered by the Administration; ‘‘(iii) coordinating with lenders on con-ducting outreach on financing through pro-grams administered by the Administration that may be used to support the transition of ownership to employees; ‘‘(iv) supporting small business concerns in exploring or assessing the possibility of transitioning to an employee-owned business concern; and ‘‘(v) coordinating with the cooperative de-velopment centers of the Department of Ag-riculture, the land grant extension network, the Manufacturing Extension Partnership, community development financial institu-tions, employee ownership associations and service providers, and local, regional and na-tional cooperative associations.’’. (f) I
NTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator or a designee of the Adminis-trator shall coordinate and chair an inter-agency working group, which shall— (A) develop recommendations on how Fed-eral programs can promote, support, and in-crease the number of employee-owned busi-ness concerns; (B) ensure coordination with Federal agen-cies and national and local employee owner-ship, cooperative, and small business organi-zations; and (C) publish a report on the activities of the interagency working group that is indexed and maintained for public review. (2) M
EETINGS .—The interagency working group described in paragraph (1) shall meet in person or via electronic resources at such times as determined necessary by the Ad-ministrator, but not less frequently than bi-annually. (g) AMENDMENT TO REPORT TO CONGRESS ON  S
TATUS OF EMPLOYEE -OWNED FIRMS.—Section 7(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(15)), as amended by this section, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘Ad-ministration.’’ and inserting ‘‘Administra-tion, which shall include— ‘‘(i) the total number of loans made to co-operatives and qualified employee trusts (collectively referred to in this subparagraph as ‘employee-owned business concerns’) that were guaranteed by the Administrator under this section or section 502 of the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696), including the number of loans made— ‘‘(I) to small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals; and ‘‘(II) to cooperatives; ‘‘(ii) the total number of financings made to employee-owned business concerns by companies licensed under section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(c)), including the number of financings made— ‘‘(I) to small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals; and ‘‘(II) to cooperatives; and ‘‘(iii) any outreach and educational activi-ties conducted by the Administration with respect to employee-owned business con-cerns.’’; and (A) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the term ‘cooperative’ has the meaning given the term in paragraph (35); and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged individuals’ has the meaning given the term in section 8(d)(3)(C).’’. (h) R
EPORT ON COOPERATIVE LENDING .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that cooperatives have a unique business structure and are unable to access the lending programs of the Administration effectively due to loan guarantee require-ments that are incompatible with the busi-ness structure of cooperatives. (2) S
TUDY AND REPORT .— (A) S
TUDY .—The Administrator, in coordi-nation with lenders, stakeholders, and Fed-eral agencies, shall study and recommend practical alternatives for cooperatives that will satisfy the loan guarantee requirements of the Administration. (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to Congress the rec-ommendations developed under paragraph (1) and a plan to implement those recommenda-tions. 
SEC. 6007. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW OF EFFECT OF OTHER-THAN-HONORABLE DIS-CHARGES ON VETERAN EMPLOY-MENT OUTCOMES. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Secretary of Labor, com-plete a review of the effect of discharges and releases from service in the active military, naval, or air service under conditions other than honorable on employment outcomes for veterans who were so discharged or released. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the effect of a dis-charge or release described in subsection (a) on a veteran’s employment outcomes. (2) Development of recommendations for legislative or administrative action to re-duce the negative effect of such a discharge or release on employment outcomes, includ-ing potential educational campaigns. (3) An assessment of agency outreach or other relevant efforts to inform veterans of their ability to seek a change to their char-acter of discharge through a discharge re-view board. (4) An assessment of the progress of the Secretary of Defense in implementing the recommendations of the Comptroller Gen-eral published in the Government Account-ability Office report GAO–17–260 in May of 2017 on actions needed to ensure post-trau-matic stress disorder and traumatic brain in-jury are considered in misconduct separa-tions. (5) A review and development of rec-ommended areas for improvement in the im-plementation by the Department of Defense of its August 25, 2017, clarifying guidance to Military Discharge Review Boards and Board for Correction of Military/Naval Records re-lated to mental health conditions, sexual as-sault, or sexual harassment. Such review shall include identifying statistics on the number of upgrades and discharge reliefs re-quested and granted and the average time-frame for review of such requests. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Comptroller General completes the review required by subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the re-view. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘active military, naval, or air service’’, ‘‘dis-charge or release’’, and ‘‘veteran’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 6008. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON AVAILABILITY OF LONG-TERM CARE OPTIONS FOR VETERANS FROM DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the availability of long-term care options from the Department of Veterans Affairs for veterans with combat-related disabilities, in-cluding veterans who served in the Armed Forces after September 11, 2001. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required by sub-section (a) shall— (1) determine the potential demand for long-term care by veterans eligible for health care from the Department; (2) determine the capacity of the Depart-ment for providing all four levels of long- term care, which are independent living, as-sisted living, nursing home care, and mem-ory care; (3) identify the number of veterans with combat-related disabilities who require a personal care assistant and which facilities of the Department provide this service; and (4) examine the value of long-term care benefits provided by the Department, includ-ing personal care assistant services, to iden-tify the potential elements of a pilot pro-gram that affords aging veterans the choice of receiving long-term care benefits at non-profit continuing care retirement commu-nities. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the study conducted under this section. 
SEC. 6009. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO SOO LOCKS, SAULT SAINTE MARIE, MICHIGAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Soo Locks in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, are of critical importance to the national security of the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3587 June 11, 2018 
(2) the Soo Locks are the only waterway connection from Lake Superior to the Lower Great Lakes and the St. Lawrence Seaway; (3) only the Poe Lock is of sufficient size to allow for the passage of the largest cargo vessels that transport well over 90 percent of all iron ore mined in the United States, and this lock is nearing the end of its 50-year useful lifespan; (4) a report issued by the Office of Cyber and Infrastructure Analysis of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security concluded that an unscheduled 6-month outage of the Poe Lock would cause— (A) a dramatic increase in national and re-gional unemployment; and (B) 75 percent of Great Lakes steel produc-tion, and nearly all North American appli-ance, automobile, railcar, and construction, farm, and mining equipment production to cease; (5) the Corps of Engineers is reevaluating a past economic evaluation report to update the benefit-to-cost ratio for building a new lock at the Soo Locks; and (6) the Secretary of the Army and all rel-evant Federal agencies should— (A) expedite the completion of the report described in paragraph (5) and ensure the analysis adequately reflects the critical im-portance of the Soo Locks infrastructure to the national security and economy of the United States; and (B) expedite all other necessary reviews, analysis, and approvals needed to speed the required upgrades at the Soo Locks. TITLE LXI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS 
SEC. 6101. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM SCHOLAR-SHIPS AND GRANTS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—Section 2200c of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘In the selection’’ the following: ‘‘(a) C
ENTERS OF ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE IN  C
YBER EDUCATION .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDU-
CATION .—In the selection of a recipient for the award of a scholarship or grant under this chapter, consideration shall be given to whether— ‘‘(1) in the case of a scholarship, the insti-tution of higher education at which the re-cipient pursues a degree is an institution de-scribed in section 371(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a)); and ‘‘(2) in the case of a grant, the recipient is an institution described in such section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of sec-tion 2200c of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2200c. Special considerations in awarding scholarships and grants’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 112 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 2200c and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘2200c. Special considerations in awarding scholarships and grants.’’. Subtitle LXII—Matters Relating to Foreign Nations 
SEC. 6201. COORDINATION OF EFFORTS TO NEGO-TIATE FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS WITH CERTAIN SUB-SAHARAN AFRI-CAN COUNTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Chief Executive Offi-cer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation shall consult and coordinate with the United States Trade Representative and the Admin-istrator of the United States Agency for International Development with respect to countries described in subsection (b) for the purpose of developing and carrying out the plan required by section 116(b) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723(b)). (b) COUNTRIES DESCRIBED .—A country is de-scribed in this paragraph if the country— (1) is identified under section 110(b)(1) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–27; 19 U.S.C. 3705 note); and (2)(A) has entered into a Millennium Chal-lenge Compact pursuant to section 609 of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7708); or (B) is selected by the Board of Directors of the Millennium Challenge Corporation under subsection (c) of section 607 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 7706) from among the countries deter-mined to be eligible countries under sub-section (a) of that section. 
SEC. 6202. TREATMENT OF RWANDAN PATRIOTIC FRONT AND RWANDAN PATRIOTIC ARMY UNDER IMMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT. 
(a) R EMOVAL OF TREATMENT AS TERRORIST  O
RGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Rwandan Patriotic Front and the Rwandan Patriotic Army shall be ex-cluded from the definition of terrorist orga-nization (as defined in section 212(a)(3)(B)(vi)(III) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(vi)(III))) for purposes of such section 212(a)(3)(B) for any period before Au-gust 1, 1994. (2) E
XCEPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security and the Attorney General, or the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State and the Attorney General, as applicable, may suspend the application of paragraph (1) for the Rwandan Patriotic Front or the Rwan-dan Patriotic Army in the sole and unreviewable discretion of such applicable Secretary. (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than, or contem-poraneously with, a suspension of paragraph (1) under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, as applicable, shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the justification for such suspension. (b) R
ELIEF FROMINADMISSIBILITY .— (1) A
CTIVITIES BEFORE AUGUST 1 , 1994.—Sec- tion 212(a)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)) shall not apply to an alien with respect to any activ-ity undertaken by the alien in association with the Rwandan Patriotic Front or the Rwandan Patriotic Army before August 1, 1994. (2) E
XCEPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply if the Secretary of State or the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, as applicable, determines in the sole unreviewable discre-tion of such applicable Secretary that, in the totality of the circumstances, such alien— (i) poses a threat to the safety and security of the United States; or (ii) does not merit a visa, admission to the United States, or a grant of an immigration benefit or protection. (B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall be implemented by the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with the Attorney Gen-eral. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SEC. 6203. SYRIAN WAR CRIMES ACCOUNT-ABILITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) March 2017 marks the sixth year of the ongoing conflict in Syria. (2) As of February 2017— (A) more than 13,000,000 people are in need of humanitarian assistance in Syria; (B) approximately 6,600,000 people are dis-placed from their homes inside Syria; and (C) approximately 5,600,000 Syrians have fled to neighboring countries as refugees. (3) Since the conflict in Syria began, the United States has provided more than $8,000,000,000 to meet humanitarian needs in Syria, making the United States the world’s single largest donor by far to the Syrian hu-manitarian response. (4) In response to growing concerns over systemic human rights violations in Syria, the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic (re-ferred to in this subsection as ‘‘COI’’) was es-tablished on August 22, 2011. The purpose of COI is to ‘‘investigate all alleged violations of international human rights law since March 2011 in the Syrian Arab Republic, to establish the facts and circumstances that may amount to such violations and of the crimes perpetrated and, where possible, to identify those responsible with a view to en-suring that perpetrators of violations, in-cluding those that may constitute crimes against humanity, are held accountable’’. (5) On December 21, 2016, the United Na-tions General Assembly adopted a resolution to establish the International, Impartial and Independent Mechanism to Assist in the In-vestigation and Prosecution of Those Re-sponsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011. (6) In 2017, then Secretary of State Rex Tillerson stated ‘‘ISIS is clearly responsible for genocide against Yezidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims in areas it controls or has con-trolled. ISIS is also responsible for crimes against humanity and ethnic cleansing di-rected at these same groups, and in some cases against Sunni Muslims, Kurds, and other minorities . . . . The protection of these groups, and others subject to violent extremism, is a human rights priority for the Trump administration.’’. (7) On February 7, 2017, Amnesty Inter-national reported that between 5,000 and 13,000 people were extrajudicially executed in the Saydnaya Military Prison between Sep-tember 2011 and December 2015. (8) In February 2017, COI released a re-port— (A) stating that a joint United Nations- Syrian Arab Red Crescent convoy in Orum al-Kubra, Syria, was attacked by air on Sep-tember 19, 2016; (B) explaining that the attack killed at least 14 civilian aid workers, injured at least 15 others, and destroyed trucks, food, medi-cine, clothes, and other supplies; and (C) concluding that ‘‘the attack was me-ticulously planned and ruthlessly carried out by the Syrian air force to purposefully hinder the delivery of humanitarian aid and target aid workers, constituting the war crimes of deliberately attacking humani-tarian relief personnel, denial of humani-tarian aid and targeting civilians.’’. (9) On October 26, 2017, the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons-United Nations Joint Investigative Mechanism 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3588 June 11, 2018 
transmitted its sixth report, which con-cluded that the Syrian Arab Armed Forces and the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) have both used chemical weapons against villages in Syria, including the use of sarin by the forces of the Government of Syria in Khan Sheikhoun in April 2017. (10) On August 8, 2017, COI released a report stating that certain offenses, including de-liberately attacking hospitals, holding back humanitarian aid as a tactic to control civil-ian populations, and the continued use of chemical weapons against civilians, con-stitute war crimes and crimes against hu-manity. (11) Physicians for Human Rights reported that, between March 2011 and the end of De-cember 2017, Syrian government and allied forces— (A) had committed 446 attacks on 330 sepa-rate medical facilities (including through the use of indiscriminate barrel bombs on at least 80 occasions); and (B) had killed 847 medical personnel. (12) The Department of State’s 2017 Coun-try Reports on Human Rights Practices— (A) states that President Bashar al-Assad ‘‘engaged in frequent violations and abuses, including massacres, indiscriminate killings, kidnapping of civilians, arbitrary detentions, and rape as a war tactic.’’; (B) explains that ‘‘these attacks included bombardment with improvised explosive de-vices, commonly referred to as ‘barrel bombs’ . . .’’; and (C) reports that ‘‘[t]he government [of Syria] continued the use of torture and rape, including of children’’. (13) In February 2016, COI reported that— (A) ‘‘crimes against humanity continue to be committed by [Syrian] Government forces and by ISIS’’; (B) the Syrian government has ‘‘com-mitted the crimes against humanity of ex-termination, murder, rape or other forms of sexual violence, torture, imprisonment, en-force disappearance and other inhuman acts’’; and (C) ‘‘[a]ccountability for these and other crimes must form part of any political solu-tion’’. (14) Credible civil society organizations collecting evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria re-port that at least 12 countries in western Eu-rope and North America have requested as-sistance on investigating such crimes. (15) In April 2018, the COI— (A) reported at least 34 chemical attacks during the period beginning in 2013 and end-ing in January 2018, many of which— (i) used chlorine or sarin, a nerve agent; and (ii) were conducted by the Government of Syria. (16) According to the World Health Organi-zation, following the April 7, 2018, chemical weapons attack in Douma, Eastern Ghouta, an estimated 500 people were treated for ‘‘signs and symptoms consistent with expo-sure to toxic chemicals’’. (17) On April 13, 2018, United States Ambas-sador to the United States Nikki Haley stat-ed: ‘‘The United States estimates that Assad has used chemical weapons in the Syrian war at least 50 times. Public estimates are as high as 200.’’ (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) strongly condemns— (A) the ongoing violence, use of chemical weapons, targeting of civilian populations with barrel, incendiary, and cluster bombs and SCUD missiles, and systematic gross human rights violations carried out by the Government of Syria and pro-government forces under the direction of President Bashar al-Assad; and (B) all abuses committed by violent ex-tremist groups and other combatants in-volved in the civil war in Syria; (2) expresses its support for the people of Syria seeking democratic change; (3) urges all parties to the conflict— (A) to immediately halt indiscriminate at-tacks on civilians; (B) to allow for the delivery of humani-tarian and medical assistance; and (C) to end sieges of civilian populations; (4) calls on the President to support efforts in Syria, and on the part of the international community, to ensure accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide committed during the conflict; and (5) supports the request in United Nations Security Council Resolutions 2139 (2014), 2165 (2014), and 2191 (2014) for the Secretary-Gen-eral to regularly report to the Security Council on implementation on the resolu-tions, including of paragraph 2 of Resolution 2139, which ‘‘demands that all parties imme-diately put an end to all forms of violence [and] cease and desist from all violations of international humanitarian law and viola-tions and abuses of human rights’’. (c) REPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR WAR C
RIMES , C RIMES AGAINST HUMANITY , AND G
ENOCIDE IN SYRIA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit a report on war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and another such re-port not later than 180 days after the Sec-retary of State determines that the violence in Syria has ceased. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The reports required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of alleged war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide per-petrated during the civil war in Syria, in-cluding— (i) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and all forces fighting on its behalf; (ii) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by violent extremist groups, anti-government forces, and any other com-batants in the conflict; (iii) any incidents that may violate the principle of medical neutrality and, if pos-sible, the identification of the individual or individuals who engaged in or organized such incidents; and (iv) if possible, a description of the conven-tional and unconventional weapons used for such crimes and the origins of such weapons; and (B) a description and assessment by the Department of State Office of Global Crimi-nal Justice, the United States Agency for International Development, the Department of Justice, and other appropriate agencies of programs that the United States Govern-ment has undertaken to ensure account-ability for war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, and genocide perpetrated against the people of Syria by the regime of Presi-dent Bashar al-Assad, violent extremist groups, and other combatants involved in the conflict, including programs— (i) to train investigators within and out-side of Syria on how to document, inves-tigate, develop findings of, and identify and locate alleged perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide, in-cluding— (I) the number of United States Govern-ment or contract personnel currently des-ignated to work full-time on these issues; and (II) the identification of the authorities and appropriations being used to support such training efforts; (ii) to promote and prepare for a transi-tional justice process or processes for the perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011; (iii) to document, collect, preserve, and protect evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria, in-cluding support for Syrian, foreign, and international nongovernmental organiza-tions, and other entities, including the Inter-national, Impartial and Independent Mecha-nism to Assist in the Investigation and Pros-ecution of Persons Responsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011 and the Independent Inter-national Commission of Inquiry on the Syr-ian Arab Republic; and (iv) to assess the influence of account-ability measures on efforts to reach a nego-tiated settlement to the Syrian conflict dur-ing the reporting period. (3) FORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) may be submitted in unclassified or classified form, but shall include a publicly available annex. (4) P
ROTECTION OF WITNESSES AND EVI -
DENCE .—The Secretary shall take due care to ensure that the identification of witnesses and physical evidence are not publicly dis-closed in a manner that might place such persons at risk of harm or encourage the de-struction of evidence by the Government of Syria, violent extremist groups, anti-govern-ment forces, or any other combatants or par-ticipants in the conflict. (d) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE STUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and of-fices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice, the United States Agency for International Development, and other appropriate Federal agencies, shall— (1) complete a study of the feasibility and desirability of potential transitional justice mechanisms for Syria, including a hybrid tribunal, to address war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated in Syria beginning in March 2011; and (2) submit a detailed report of the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), including recommendations on which transi-tional justice mechanisms the United States Government should support, why such mech-anisms should be supported, and what type of support should be offered, to— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and of-fices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice and other appro-priate Federal agencies, is authorized to pro-vide appropriate assistance to support enti-ties that, with respect to war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, all forces fighting on its behalf, and all non- state armed groups fighting in the country, including violent extremist groups in Syria beginning in March 2011— (A) identify suspected perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3589 June 11, 2018 
(B) collect, document, and protect evidence of crimes and preserve the chain of custody for such evidence; (C) conduct criminal investigations; (D) build Syria’s investigative and judicial capacities and support prosecutions in the domestic courts of Syria, provided that President Bashar al-Assad is no longer in power; (E) support investigations by third-party states, as appropriate; or (F) protect witnesses that may be helpful to prosecutions or other transitional justice mechanisms. (2) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State, after consultation with appropriate Federal agencies and the appropriate con-gressional committees, and taking into ac-count the findings of the transitional justice study required under subsection (e), is au-thorized to provide assistance to support the creation and operation of transitional justice mechanisms, including a potential hybrid tribunal, to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011. (3) B
RIEFING .—The Secretary of State shall provide detailed, biannual briefings to the appropriate congressional committees de-scribing the assistance provided to entities described in paragraph (1). (f) S
TATE DEPARTMENT REWARDS FOR JUS-
TICE PROGRAM .—Section 36(b)(10) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(b)(10)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, or genocide committed in Syria be-ginning in March 2011)’’ after ‘‘genocide’’. (g) I
NDEPENDENT INTERNATIONAL COMMIS -
SION OF INQUIRY ON THE SYRIAN ARABREPUB -
LIC.—The Secretary of State, acting through the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations, should use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to advocate that the United Nations Human Rights Council, while the United States remains a member, annu-ally extend the mandate of the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic until the Commission has completed its investigation of all alleged violations of international human rights laws beginning in March 2011 in the Syrian Arab Republic. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (2) G
ENOCIDE .—The term ‘‘genocide’’ means any offense described in section 1091(a) of title 18, United States Code. (3) H
YBRID TRIBUNAL .—The term ‘‘hybrid tribunal’’ means a temporary criminal tri-bunal that involves a combination of domes-tic and international lawyers, judges, and other professionals to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide. (4) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE .—The term ‘‘transitional justice’’ means the range of ju-dicial, nonjudicial, formal, informal, retribu-tive, and restorative measures employed by countries transitioning out of armed conflict or repressive regimes— (A) to redress legacies of atrocities; and (B) to promote long-term, sustainable peace. (5) WAR CRIME .—The term ‘‘war crime’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 6204. CLARIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON THE TRANSFER OF THE F–35 TO TUR-KEY. 
The limitation on the transfer of the F–35 to Turkey in section 1269(c) shall apply to the transfer or delivery of that aircraft to Turkey rather than to the transfer of title for that aircraft to Turkey. 
SEC. 6205. REPORT ON HONDURAS, GUATEMALA, AND EL SALVADOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report regarding narcotics trafficking corruption and illicit campaign finance in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the names of senior government offi-cials in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Sal-vador who are known to have committed or facilitated acts of grand corruption or nar-cotics trafficking; (2) the names of elected officials in Hon-duras, Guatemala, and El Salvador who are known to have received campaign funds that are the proceeds of narco-trafficking or other illicit activities in the last 2 years; and (3) the names of individuals in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador who are known to have facilitated the financing of political campaigns in any of the Northern Triangle countries with the proceeds of narco-traf-ficking or other illicit activities in the last 2 years. (c) F
ORM.—The report submitted under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 6206. REPORT ON ARMS EMBARGO ON CY-PRUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the current impact of the United States arms embargo on the Republic of Cyprus. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A list of items that have been requested by Cyprus from the United States, but have been denied under the arms embargo referred to in such subsection. (2) An analysis of the impact that lifting the arms embargo would have on United States interests related to the island of Cy-prus and the Eastern Mediterranean region. (3) An analysis of how the arms embargo is being complied with in areas controlled by Cyprus, and in occupied northern Cyprus, and whether any party has violated the let-ter or spirit of the arms embargo. (4) An analysis of how the arms embargo against Cyprus impacts the ability of the United States and its partners to combat threats in the Mediterranean region. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. TITLE LXVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS SEC. 6601. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO CER-TAIN CYBERSPACE MATTERS. 
(a) S COPE OF POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES  
ONCYBERSPACE , CYBERSECURITY , CYBER WAR-
FARE , AND CYBER DETERRENCE .—The policy of the United States on cyberspace, cyberse-curity, cyber warfare, and cyber deterrence under section 1621(a) shall apply to cyber at-tacks and malicious cyber activities de-scribed in that section by a foreign power rather than to any cyber attacks and mali-cious cyber activities described in that sec-tion. (b) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY TO DISRUPT , DE-
FEAT , AND DETER CYBER ATTACKS OF THE  R
USSIAN FEDERATION .—The authority to dis-rupt, defeat, and deter cyber attacks of the Russian Federation in section 1623(a)(1) shall apply to authority to take appropriate and proportional action described in that section in foreign cyberspace rather than in any cyberspace. 
SEC. 6602. TIER 1 EXERCISE OF SUPPORT TO CIVIL AUTHORITIES FOR A CYBER INCIDENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commander of the United States Cyber Command, the Com-mander of United States Northern Com-mand, and such other commands or compo-nents of the Department of Defense as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate, shall, consistent with the recommendations made by the Comptroller General of the United States in the Government Account-ability Office report GAO–16–574, conduct a tier 1 exercise of support to civil authorities for a cyber incident. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The exercise required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Department level leadership and deci-sion-making for providing cyber support to civil authorities. (2) Testing of the policy, guidance, doc-trine and other elements in the Department of Defense Cyber Incident Coordinating Pro-cedure. (3) Operational planning and execution by the Joint Staff and supported and supporting combatant commands. (4) Coordination with, and incorporation of, as appropriate, the Department of Home-land Security, the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, and elements across Federal and State governments and the private sector. 
SEC. 6603. REPORT ON STRENGTHENING NATO CYBER DEFENSE. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that the Department of Defense should continue to cooperate with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and key Organization allies in order to promote the common defense in the cyberspace do-main as well as to deter cyberattacks. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the Department’s efforts to enhance the United States’ leadership and collaboration with the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization with respect to the develop-ment of a comprehensive, cross-domain strategy to build cyber-defense capacity and deter cyber attacks among Organization member countries. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall address the following: (A) Improving cyber situational awareness among Organization member countries. (B) Implementation of the cyber oper-ational-domain roadmap of the Organization with respect to doctrine, political oversight and governance, planning, rules of engage-ment, and integration across member coun-tries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3590 June 11, 2018 
(C) Planned cooperative efforts to combat information warfare across Organization member countries. (D) The development of cyber capabilities, including cooperative development efforts and technology transfer. (E) Supporting stronger cyber partnerships with non-Organization member countries as appropriate. 
SEC. 6604. BRIEFING ON CYBER EDUCATION AND TRAINING. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) traditional approaches to cyber training focused solely on tactics, techniques, and procedures that hackers have used in the past may be inadequate for the challenges facing the cyber workforce of the Depart-ment of Defense because they fail to focus on future threats; (2) such workforce encounters an informa-tion gap when conducting training derived from events that have already occurred rath-er than training developed for the evolving nature of cyber threats in real time, and cyber certifications such as Security + and CISSP are based on preventing vulnerabilities, exploits, and gaps identified in the past and lose relevance depending on when the courseware was updated; (3) bridging the gap in cyber training be-tween curriculum that has been built on leg-acy data versus training built on current real world cyberattacks is a meaningful area of cyber training research, curriculum devel-opment, and instruction delivery that should be addressed; and (4) universities and private industry are, and will continue to be, critical partners in the education and training of our future cyber force, and developing partnerships with such universities and industry will be crucial in staying informed of the latest best practices in the cyber domain. (b) B
RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on how the Depart-ment of Defense can leverage and partner with universities and industry on cyber edu-cation and training. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by subsection (a) shall include discussion of the following: (1) Current partnerships and ability to ex-pand and leverage such partnerships to im-prove cyber education and training. (2) Existing curriculum relating to cyber education and training and recommenda-tions for changes to ensure relevance of such education and training to future threats. (3) Joint development of curriculum, courseware, and research projects. (4) Joint use of instructors and of facili-ties. (5) Recommendations for legislative or ad-ministrative action to improve cyber edu-cation and training partnerships. 
SEC. 6605. REPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OF LONG- RANGE STAND-OFF WEAPON. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until De-cember 31, 2024, the Secretary of the Air Force shall, in coordination with the Admin-istrator for Nuclear Security, submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the joint development of the long- range stand-off weapon, including the mis-sile developed by the Air Force and the W80– 4 warhead life extension program conducted by the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An estimate of the date on which the long-range stand-off weapon will reach ini-tial operating capability. (2) A description of any development mile-stones for the missile developed by the Air Force or the warhead developed by the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration that depend on corresponding progress at the other agency. (3) A description of coordination efforts be-tween the Air Force and the National Nu-clear Security Administration during the 180 days preceding submission of the report. (4) A description of any schedule delays projected by the Air Force or the National Nuclear Security Administration and the an-ticipated effect such delays would have on the other agency’s schedule of work. (5) Plans to mitigate the effects of any delays described in paragraph (4). (6) A description of any ways, including through the availability of additional fund-ing or authorities, in which the development milestones described in paragraph (2) or the estimated date of initial operating capa-bility referred to in paragraph (1), could be achieved more quickly. (c) FORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. TITLE LXVII—COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES 
SEC. 6701. INEFFECTIVENESS OF SECTION 1727. 
Section 1727, relating to a prohibition on modification of civil penalties under export control and sanctions laws, shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 6702. PROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION OF CIVIL PENALTIES UNDER EXPORT CONTROL AND SANCTIONS LAWS AND PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIP-MENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION OF PEN-
ALTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal official may modify any penalty, including a penalty imposed pursuant to a denial order, imple-mented by the Government of the United States with respect to a Chinese tele-communications company pursuant to a de-termination that the company has violated an export control or sanctions law of the United States until the date that is 30 days after the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the company— (A) has not, for a period of one year, con-ducted activities in violation of the laws of the United States; and (B) is fully cooperating with investigations into the activities of the company conducted by the Government of the United States, if any. (2) R
EINSTATEMENT OF PENALTIES OR SUS -
PENDED ORDER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If, before the date of the enactment of this Act, any penalty imposed pursuant to the order of the Acting Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Export Enforce-ment entitled ‘‘Order Activating Suspended Denial Order Relating to Zhongxing Tele-communications Equipment Corporation and ZTE Kangxun Telecommunications Ltd.’’ (83 Fed. Reg. 17644), and dated April 15, 2018, is reduced or eliminated, or that order is sus-pended, on such date of enactment, that pen-alty shall be reinstated to the penalty in place before such reduction or elimination, or that order shall be reinstated, as the case may be. (B) A
DDITIONAL MODIFICATIONS .—Any modi-fication to a penalty imposed pursuant to the order described in subparagraph (A) on or after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be subject to the requirements of para-graph (1). (b) PROHIBITION ON USE OR PROCUREMENT .— The head of an executive agency may not— (1) procure or obtain or extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain any equip-ment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system; or (2) enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) with an entity that uses any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential compo-nent of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON LOAN AND GRANT  F
UNDS .—The head of an executive agency may not obligate or expend loan or grant funds to procure or obtain, extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain, or enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) to procure or obtain the equipment, services, or systems described in subsection (b). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATES .—The prohibitions under subsection (b)(1) and subsection (c) shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and the prohibi-tion under subsection (b)(2) shall take effect three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection (b) or (c) shall be construed to— (1) prohibit the head of an executive agen-cy from procuring with an entity to provide a service that connects to the facilities of a third-party, such as backhaul, roaming, or interconnection arrangements; or (2) cover telecommunications equipment that cannot route or redirect user data traf-fic or permit visibility into any user data or packets that such equipment transmits or otherwise handles. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘covered foreign country’’ means the Peo-ple’s Republic of China. (3) C
OVERED TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIP -
MENT OR SERVICES .—The term ‘‘covered tele-communications equipment or services’’ means any of the following: (A) Telecommunications equipment pro-duced by Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Corporation (or any subsidiary or affil-iate of such entities). (B) Telecommunications services provided by such entities or using such equipment. (C) Telecommunications equipment or services produced or provided by an entity that the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-tion with the Director of the National Intel-ligence or the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, reasonably believes to be an entity owned or controlled by, or otherwise connected to, the government of a covered foreign country. (4) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘execu-tive agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. (g) T
REATMENT OF PROVISION RELATING TO  P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TELECOMMUNI -
CATIONS EQUIPMENT .—Section 891, relating to a prohibition on certain telecommunications equipment, shall have no force or effect. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3591 June 11, 2018 
TITLE LXXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 6801. CLARIFICATION TO INCLUDE NA-TIONAL GUARD INSTALLATIONS IN READINESS AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION INTEGRATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) State-owned National Guard installa-tions have always qualified as military in-stallations under section 2684a of title 10, United States Code; and (2) State-owned National Guard installa-tions should continue to qualify as military installations under section 2684a of that sec-tion. (b) C
LARIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2684a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, as well as a State-owned National Guard installation,’’ after ‘‘military installation’’. (2) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as of December 2, 2002. 
SEC. 6802. RELEASE OF RESTRICTIONS, UNIVER-SITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO. 
(a) R ELEASE .—The Secretary of the Navy may, upon receipt of full consideration as provided in subsection (b), release to the Re-gents of the University of California (in this section referred to as the ‘‘University of California’’) all remaining right, title, and interest of the United States, including re-strictions on use imposed by deed or other-wise and reversionary rights, in and to a par-cel of real property consisting of approxi-mately 495 acres that comprises part of the San Diego campus of the University of Cali-fornia. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—As consider-ation for the release under subsection (a), the University of California shall provide an amount that is acceptable to the Secretary of the Navy, whether by cash payment, in- kind consideration as described under para-graph (2), or a combination thereof, at such time as the Secretary may require. The con-sideration under this paragraph shall be based on an appraisal approved by the Sec-retary of the value to the Department of the Navy of the restrictions released under sub-section (a), except that in determining the value of such restrictions, there shall be ex-cluded the value of any existing improve-ments to the property made by or on behalf of the University of California and the value of the University of California’s existing rights to the property. (2) I
N-KIND CONSIDERATION .—In-kind consid-eration provided by the University of Cali-fornia under paragraph (1) may include goods or services that benefit the Department of the Navy and may take into consideration the value which has accrued to the Depart-ment of the Navy from the San Diego cam-pus of the University of California’s re-search, education, and clinical care activi-ties, as well as the contracts, grants, and other collaborations between the Depart-ment of the Navy and the San Diego campus of the University of California. (3) T
REATMENT OF CONSIDERATION RE -
CEIVED .—Consideration in the form of cash payment received by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the sepa-rate fund in the Treasury described in sec-tion 572(a)(1) of title 40, United States Code. (c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF RELEASE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall require the University of California to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the release under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environ-mental documentation related to the re-lease, and any other administrative costs re-lated to the release. If amounts are collected from the University of California in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the University of Cali-fornia. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the release under subsection (a) or, if the period of availability of obligations for that appro-priation has expired, to the appropriations of a fund that is currently available to the Sec-retary for the same purpose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the real property that is the subject of the release under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey or other documentation satisfactory to both the Secretary of the Navy and the University of California. (e) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .—The Sec-retary may amend the conveyance instru-ment to establish a period of applicability of a reversionary interest consistent with con-veyances for educational purposes with the period commencing with the date of the original conveyance. (f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary of the Navy may require such additional terms and conditions in connec-tion with the release under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to pro-tect the interests of the United States. 
SEC. 6803. PLAN TO ALLOW INCREASED PUBLIC ACCESS TO THE NATIONAL NAVAL AVIATION MUSEUM AND BARRANCAS NATIONAL CEMETERY, NAVAL AIR STATION PENSACOLA. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a plan to allow increased public access to the National Naval Aviation Museum and Barrancas National Cemetery at Naval Air Station Pensacola. TITLE LXXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 7101. ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS FOR INERTIAL CONFINEMENT FUSION AND HIGH YIELD PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the amounts specified in the funding table in section 4701, the total amount authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019 for research, develop-ment, test and evaluation and available for the inertial confinement fusion and high yield program shall be $518,927,000, to be allo-cated as follows: (1) Ignition, $69,575,000. (2) Support of other stockpile programs, $22,565,000. (3) Diagnostics, cryogenics, and experi-mental support, $74,194,000. (4) Pulsed power inertial confinement fu-sion, $8,310,000. (5) Joint program in high energy density laboratory plasmas, $9,492,000. (6) Facility operations and target produc-tion, $334,791,000. (b) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019 by section 3102 and avail-able as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4701 for defense environmental cleanup for excess facilities is hereby reduced by $100,000,000. TITLE LXXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION SEC. 7501. INEFFECTIVENESS OF TITLE XXXV. 
Title XXXV shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 7502. AUTHORIZATION OF THE MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transportation for fiscal year 2019, to be available without fiscal year limitation if so provided in appropriations Acts, the following amounts for programs as-sociated with maintaining the United States merchant marine: (1) For expenses necessary for operations of the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy, $69,000,000 for Academy operations. (2) For expenses necessary to support the State maritime academies, $32,200,000, of which— (A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for the Student Incentive Program; (B) $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended for direct payments to such acad-emies; (C) $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; and (D) $1,800,000 shall remain available until expended for training ship fuel assistance. (3) For expenses necessary to support the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Pro-gram, $300,000,000, which shall remain avail-able until expended. (4) For expenses necessary to support Mari-time Administration operations and pro-grams, $60,442,000, of which $5,000,000 shall re-main available until expended for port infra-structure development under section 50302 of title 46, United States Code. (5) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $6,000,000, which shall remain avail-able until expended. (6) For expenses necessary to maintain and preserve a United States flag merchant ma-rine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $300,000,000. (7) For expenses necessary for the loan guarantee program authorized under chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $33,000,000, of which— (A) $30,000,000 may be used for the cost (as defined in section 502(5) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5))) of loan guarantees under the program; and (B) $3,000,000 may be used for administra-tive expenses relating to loan guarantee commitments under the program. (b) C
APITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT PROGRAM  R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Mari-time Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the sta-tus of unexpended appropriations for capital asset management at the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy, and the plan for ex-pending such appropriations. 
SEC. 7503. CONCURRENT JURISDICTION. 
Notwithstanding any other law, the Sec-retary of Transportation may relinquish, at the Secretary’s discretion, to the State of New York, such measure of legislative juris-diction over the lands constituting the United States Merchant Marine Academy in King’s Point, New York, as is necessary to establish concurrent jurisdiction between the Federal Government and the State of New York. Such partial relinquishment of legislative jurisdiction shall be accom-plished— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3592 June 11, 2018 
(1) by filing with the Governor of New York a notice of relinquishment to take ef-fect upon acceptance thereof; or (2) as the laws of that State may provide. 
SEC. 7504. UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY POLICY ON SEXUAL HAR-ASSMENT, DATING VIOLENCE, DO-MESTIC VIOLENCE, SEXUAL AS-SAULT, AND STALKING. 
(a) P OLICY ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT , DATING  V
IOLENCE , DOMESTIC VIOLENCE , SEXUAL AS-
SAULT , ANDSTALKING .—Section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and prevention’’ after ‘‘awareness’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C), and subparagraphs (C) through (F) as subparagraphs (E) through (H), respectively; (C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) procedures for documenting, tracking, and maintaining the data required to con-duct the annual assessments to determine the effectiveness of the policies, procedures, and training program of the Academy with respect to sexual harassment, dating vio-lence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking involving cadets or other Academy personnel, as required by subsection (c);’’; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (C), as redesignated by subparagraph (B), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(D) procedures for investigating sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic vio-lence, sexual assault, or stalking involving a cadet or other Academy personnel to deter-mine whether disciplinary action is nec-essary;’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by inserting ‘‘and other Academy personnel’’ after ‘‘ca-dets at the Academy’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A) by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding sexual harassment,’’ after ‘‘sexual assaults, rapes, and other sexual offenses’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than January 15 of each year, the Secretary’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy may implement the amendment to sub-section (b)(2)(A) of section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, made by subsection (a)(2), by updating an existing plan issued pursuant to the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115- 91). 
SEC. 7505. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS FOR THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY SEXUAL ASSAULT PRE-VENTION AND RESPONSE PROGRAM. 
Not later than April 1, 2019, the Maritime Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing the progress of the Maritime Administration in implementing and closing each of the rec-ommendations made in the Office of Inspec-tor General’s Report issued March 28, 2018 (ST-2018-039) identifying gaps in the United States Merchant Marine Academy’s Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program. 
SEC. 7506. REPORT ON THE APPLICATION OF THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUS-TICE TO THE UNITED STATES MER-CHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall submit a re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives on the impediments to the application of the Uniform Code of Military Justice at the United States Merchant Marine Academy. (b) CONSULTATION .—The Maritime Adminis-trator may, in preparing the report under subsection (a), consult with the Department of Defense, other Federal agencies, and non- Federal entities, as appropriate. 
SEC. 7507. ELECTRONIC RECORDS ON MARINER AVAILABILITY TO MEET NATIONAL SECURITY NEEDS. 
Section 7502 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) The Secretary shall coordinate with the Secretary of Transportation to ensure that, to the extent feasible, electronic records provide information on mariner availability and respective credentials to meet national security needs for credentialed mariners crewing strategic sea-lift vessels.’’. 
SEC. 7508. SMALL SHIPYARD GRANTS. 
Section 54101(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) T
IMING OF GRANT NOTICE .—The Admin-istrator shall post a Notice of Funding Op-portunity regarding grants awarded under this section not more than 15 days after the date of enactment of the appropriations Act for the fiscal year concerned.’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’. 
SEC. 7509. DOMESTIC SHIP RECYCLING FACILI-TIES. 
Section 3502 of the Floyd D. Spence Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106-398; 54 U.S.C. 308704 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) S
CRAPPING OF IMPORTED VESSELS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, domestic ship scrap-ping facilities selected by the Secretary of Transportation in accordance with sub-section (b) may import into the United States, for the purpose of dismantling, ma-rine vessels that contain regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls that are integral to a vessel’s structure, equipment, or sys-tems necessary for its operation. ‘‘(2) N
O TSCA PRIOR AUTHORIZATION RE -
QUIRED .—In lieu of rulemaking by the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under section 6(e) of the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2605(e)), im-ports of vessels containing regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls shall be subject to prior notification and consent in accord-ance with this subsection. ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) C
ONTENTS .—An importer of 1 or more vessels containing regulated levels of poly-chlorinated biphenyls shall submit a notifi-cation to the Environmental Protection Agency not less than 75 days before a vessel is imported into the United States under this subsection. The import notification may cover up to one year of shipments of vessels containing regulated levels of poly-chlorinated biphenyls being sent to the same ship scrapping facility, and shall contain, at a minimum, the following items: ‘‘(i) The name, contact name, address, tele-phone number, email address, and EPA Iden-tification Number (if applicable) of the ship scrapping facility and the recognized trader, if the ship scrapping facility is not the im-porter. ‘‘(ii) The name, contact name, address, telephone number, email address, and EPA Identification Number (if applicable) of each facility where polychlorinated biphenyls or hazardous materials contained on a vessel will be stored and disposed of, including any polychlorinated biphenyls storage or dis-posal facility approved under the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.). ‘‘(iii) The types of polychlorinated biphenyls or polychlorinated biphenyls items expected to be removed from the vessels. ‘‘(iv) The number of vessels proposed for import and maximum tonnage. ‘‘(v) The period of time covered by the im-port notice (not to exceed one year) and the start and end dates of shipment. ‘‘(B) FORM.—Each notice under this para-graph shall be clearly marked ‘PCB Waste Import Notice’ and shall be submitted to the Environmental Protection Agency in such form and manner as the Environmental Pro-tection Agency may require. ‘‘(C) R
EVISED NOTIFICATION .—If an importer wishes to change any of the information specified on the original notification, the im-porter must submit a revised notification, containing notification of the changes, to the Environmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(4) C
ONSENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An importer shall not import vessels containing regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls until the importer has received consent from the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(B) T
ERMS .—Importers shall only import vessels under the terms of the consent issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under this paragraph and subject to the condition that the facility shall establish a valid written contract, chain of contracts, or equivalent arrange-ments with other United States facilities, where applicable, to manage the poly-chlorinated biphenyls and hazardous waste expected to be removed from the vessel or vessels. ‘‘(5) R
EPORT TO THE ENVIRONMENTAL PRO -
TECTION AGENCY .—Any ship scrapping facility authorized by this subsection to import ves-sels containing regulated levels of poly-chlorinated biphenyls shall file with the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, not later than April 1 of each year, a report providing, for each vessel imported in accordance with this subsection, the fol-lowing information: ‘‘(A) The vessel name and approximated tonnage. ‘‘(B) Registration number and flag of the vessel. ‘‘(C) The date of import. ‘‘(D) The types, quantities, and final des-tination of all polychlorinated biphenyls and hazardous waste removed. ‘‘(E) The EPA-issued consent number under which the vessel was imported. ‘‘(6) A
PPLICABLE LAWS .—Once a vessel has been imported pursuant to this subsection, the manufacturing, processing, distribution in commerce, use, and disposal of any poly-chlorinated biphenyls and hazardous waste contained on the vessel shall be carried out in accordance with applicable Federal, State, and local laws and regulations. ‘‘(7) A
UTHORITY .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency may pro-mulgate additional standards or procedures for the import of ships that contain regu-lated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3593 June 11, 2018 
hazardous waste, for the purpose of recy-cling, under this subsection, if— ‘‘(A) the benefits of such additional stand-ards or procedures exceed the costs of those standards or procedures; ‘‘(B) not later than 180 days prior to pro-mulgating such additional standards or pro-cedures, the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency submits a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives demonstrating compliance with subpara-graph (A) and the reasons such standards or procedures are necessary; and ‘‘(C) the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency receives the con-currence of the Maritime Administrator on any such additional standards or proce-dures.’’. 
SEC. 7510. SEA YEAR ON CONTRACTED VESSELS. 
Section 51307 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) in paragraph (1) of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘owned or subsidized by’’ and in-serting ‘‘owned, subsidized by, or contracted with’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) M
ARITIME SECURITY PROGRAM VES-
SELS.—The Secretary shall require an oper-ator of a vessel participating in the Mari-time Security Program under chapter 531 of this title to carry on each Maritime Security Program vessel 2 United States Merchant Marine Academy cadets, if available, on each voyage. ‘‘(c) M
ILITARY SEALIFT COMMAND VES-
SELS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Commander of the Mili-tary Sealift Command shall require an oper-ator of a vessel in the United States Navy’s Military Sealift Command to carry on each such vessel 2 United States Merchant Marine Academy cadets, if available, on each voy-age, if the vessel— ‘‘(A) is flagged in the United States; and ‘‘(B) is rated at 10,000 gross tons or higher. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Commander of the Mili-tary Sealift Command may waive the re-quirement under paragraph (1) at any time if the Commander determines that carrying a cadet from the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy would place an undue burden on the vessel or the operator of the vessel. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION OF OPERATOR .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘operator’ includes a govern-ment operator and a non-government oper-ator. ‘‘(e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed as affecting— ‘‘(1) the discretion of the Secretary to de-termine whether to place a United States Merchant Marine Academy cadet on a vessel; ‘‘(2) the authority of the Coast Guard re-garding a vessel security plan approved under section 70103; or ‘‘(3) the discretion of the master of the ves-sel to ensure the safety of all crew mem-bers.’’. 
SEC. 7511. GAO REPORT ON NATIONAL MARITIME STRATEGY. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, a report on— (1) the key challenges, if any, to ensuring that the United States marine transpor-tation system and merchant marine are suf-ficient to support United States economic and defense needs, as articulated by the Mar-itime Administration, the Committee on the Marine Transportation System, and other stakeholders; (2) the extent to which a national mari-time strategy incorporates desirable charac-teristics of successful national strategies as identified by the Comptroller General, and any key obstacles (as identified by stake-holders) to successfully implementing such strategies; and (3) the extent to which Federal efforts to establish national maritime strategy are du-plicative or fragmented, and if so, the im-pact on United States maritime policy for the future. SEC. 7512. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT ON TITLE XI PROGRAM. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Department of Transportation Office of Inspector General shall— (1) initiate an audit of the financial con-trols and protections included in the policies and procedures of the Department of Trans-portation for approving loan applications for the loan guarantee program authorized under chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code; and (2) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a report containing the results of that audit once the audit is completed. 
SEC. 7513. MULTI-YEAR CONTRACTS. 
Nothing in section 3505 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) may be construed to prohibit the Maritime Administration from entering into a multi-year contract for the procurement of up to 5 new vessels within the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Program and associated government–fur-nished equipment, subject to the availability of appropriations. 
SEC. 7514. USE OF STATE MARITIME ACADEMY TRAINING VESSELS. 
Section 51504(g) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) V
ESSEL CAPACITY SHARING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, the Secretary, acting through the Mari-time Administrator, shall upon consultation with the maritime academies, and to the ex-tent feasible with the consent of the mari-time academies, implement a program of training vessel capacity sharing, requiring maritime academies to share training vessel capacity provided by the Secretary among maritime academies, as necessary to ensure that training needs of each academy are met. ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM OF VESSEL CAPACITY SHAR -
ING.—For purposes of this subsection, a pro-gram of vessel capacity sharing shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) ways to maximize the available un-derway training capacity available in the fleet of training vessels; ‘‘(B) coordinating the dates and duration of training cruises with the academic calendars of maritime academies; ‘‘(C) coordinating academic programs de-signed to be implemented aboard training vessels among maritime academies; and ‘‘(D) identifying ways to minimize costs. ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION .—Not later than 30 days after the beginning of each fiscal year, the Secretary, acting through the Maritime Ad-ministrator, shall evaluate the vessel capac-ity sharing program under this subsection to determine the optimal utilization of State maritime training vessels, and modify the program as necessary to improve utiliza-tion.’’. SEC. 7515. PERMANENT AUTHORITY OF SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION TO ISSUE VESSEL WAR RISK INSUR-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 53912 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 539 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 53912. 
SEC. 7516. NAVIGATION SYSTEM STUDY AND RE-PORT. 
(a) S TUDY OF THE GREAT LAKES SYSTEM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a com-prehensive study of the Great Lakes - Saint Lawrence Seaway navigation system (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Great Lakes System’’) that examines the current state of the system and makes recommendations for improvements. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The study— (A) shall examine, with respect to the Great Lakes System— (i) typical cargo routing options; (ii) the cost profile of each route and alter-native routes; (iii) port infrastructure quality; (iv) intermodal connections; (v) competing transportation options, in-cluding air, rail, and ground transportation and their relative market position; (vi) taxes and fees imposed on vessels; (vii) marketing efforts to increase ship-ments; (viii) subsidies provided to the Great Lakes System and to competing cargo transpor-tation systems; (ix) the condition of the docks at each port; (x) United States and Canadian Govern-ment icebreaking capabilities to facilitate commercial shipping; (xi) the maritime safety and marine cas-ualty statistics for commercial vessels transiting the Great Lakes System; and (xii) the condition of vessel navigation in-frastructure (such as channels, locks, jetties, and breakwaters) and efforts to maintain, upgrade, or replace that infrastructure; and (B) shall make recommendations on— (i) the level of additional investment need-ed to improve the Great Lakes System; (ii) any benefits of increased Federal or State investment in the Great Lakes Sys-tem; and (iii) any regulatory or competitive burdens impeding growth of the Great Lakes System. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Co- Chairs of the Great Lakes Task Force of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report containing the results of the study conducted under this section. 
SEC. 7517. MISCELLANEOUS. 
(a) N ONCOMMERCIAL VESSELS .—Section 3514(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 46 U.S.C. 51318 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than’’; and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) N
ONCOMMERCIAL VESSELS .—For the purposes of this section, vessels operated by any of the following entities shall not be considered commercial vessels: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3594 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(A) Any entity or agency of the United States. ‘‘(B) The government of a State or terri-tory. ‘‘(C) Any political subdivision of a State or territory. ‘‘(D) Any other municipal organization.’’. (b) P
ASSENGER RECORDS .—Section 51322(c) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) M
AINTENANCE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT  T
RAINING RECORDS .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall require the owner or operator of a commercial vessel, or the seafarer union for a commercial vessel, to maintain records of sexual assault training for any person re-quired to have such training.’’. (c) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  A
DMINISTRATION .—Section 3134 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary of Com-merce may waive this subchapter with re-spect to contracts for the construction, al-teration, or repair of vessels, regardless of the terms of the contracts as to payment or title, when the contract is made under the Act entitled ‘An Act to define the functions and duties of the Coast and Geodetic Survey, and for other purposes’, approved August 6, 1947 (33 U.S.C. 883a et seq.).’’. (d) A
NNUAL PAYMENTS FOR MAINTENANCE  
AND SUPPORT .—Section 51505(b)(2) of title 46 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM .—The amount under para-graph (1) may not be more than $25,000, un-less the academy satisfies section 51506(b) of this title.’’. 
SEC. 10ll. SUPERIOR NATIONAL FOREST LAND EXCHANGE. 
(a) P URPOSE AND NEED FOR NORTH MET L
ANDEXCHANGE .— (1) P
URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this sec-tion to further the public interest by con-summating the NorthMet Land Exchange as specifically set forth in this section. (2) N
EED.—According to the Final Record of Decision, the NorthMet Land Exchange is advisable and needed because the NorthMet Land Exchange will— (A) result in a 40-acre net gain in National Forest System lands; (B) improve the spatial arrangement of Na-tional Forest System lands by reducing the amount of ownership boundaries to be man-aged by 33 miles; (C) improve management effectiveness by exchanging isolated Federal lands with no public overland access for non-Federal lands that will have public overland access and be accessible and open to public use and enjoy-ment; (D) result in Federal cost savings by elimi-nating certain easements and their associ-ated administration costs; (E) meet several of the priorities identified in the land and resource management plan for Superior National Forest to protect and manage administratively or congressionally designated, unique, proposed, or rec-ommended areas, including acquisition of 307 acres of land to the administratively pro-posed candidate Research Natural Areas, which are managed by preserving and main-taining areas for ecological research, obser-vation, genetic conservation, monitoring, and educational activities; (F) promote more effective land manage-ment that would meet specific National For-est needs for management, including acquisi-tion of over 6,500 acres of land for new public access, watershed protection, ecologically rare habitats, wetlands, water frontage, and improved ownership patterns; (G) convey Federal land generally not needed for other Forest resource manage-ment objectives, because such land is adja-cent to intensively developed private land including ferrous mining areas, where abun-dant mining infrastructure and transpor-tation are already in place, including— (i) a large, intensively developed open pit mine lying directly to the north of the Fed-eral land; (ii) a private mine railroad, powerlines, and roads lying directly to the south of the Federal land; and (iii) already existing ore processing, mill-ing, and tailings facilities located approxi-mately 5 miles to the west of the Federal land; and (H) provide a practical resolution to com-plex issues pertaining to the development of private mineral rights underlying the Fed-eral land surface, and thereby avoid poten-tial litigation which could adversely impact the status and management of the Federal land and other National Forest System land acquired under the authority of section 6 of the Act of March 1, 1911 (commonly known as the Weeks Law; 16 U.S.C. 515). (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OLLECTION AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘‘Collection Agreements’’ means the fol-lowing agreements between the Secretary and Poly Met pertaining to the NorthMet Land Exchange: (A) The agreement dated August 25, 2015. (B) The agreement dated January 15, 2016. (2) F
EDERAL LAND PARCEL .—The term ‘‘Fed-eral land parcel’’ means all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to ap-proximately 6,650 acres of National Forest System land, as identified in the Final Record of Decision, within the Superior Na-tional Forest in St. Louis County, Min-nesota, as generally depicted on the map en-titled ‘‘Federal Land Parcel–NorthMet Land Exchange’’, and dated June 2017. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non- Federal land’’ means all right, title, and in-terest of Poly Met in and to approximately 6,690 acres of land in four separate tracts (comprising 10 separate land parcels in total) within the Superior National Forest to be conveyed to the United States by Poly Met in the land exchange as generally depicted on an overview map entitled ‘‘Non-Federal Land Parcels–NorthMet Land Exchange’’ and dated June 2017, and further depicted on sep-arate tract maps as follows: (A) T
RACT 1 .—Approximately 4,650 acres of land in St. Louis County, Minnesota, gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Non- Federal Land Parcels–NorthMet Land Ex-change–Hay Lake Tract’’, and dated June 2017. (B) T
RACT 2 .—Approximately 320 acres of land in 4 separate parcels in Lake County, Minnesota, generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Non-Federal Land Parcels– NorthMet Land Exchange–Lake County Lands’’, and dated June 2017. (C) T
RACT 3 .—Approximately 1,560 acres of land in 4 separate parcels in Lake County, Minnesota, generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Non-Federal Land Parcels– NorthMet Land Exchange–Wolf Lands’’, and dated June 2017. (D) T
RACT 4 .—Approximately 160 acres of land in St. Louis County, Minnesota, gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Non- Federal Land Parcel–NorthMet Land Ex-change–Hunting Club Lands’’, dated June 2017. (4) N
ORTHMET LAND EXCHANGE .—The term ‘‘NorthMet Land Exchange’’ means the land exchange specifically authorized and di-rected by subsection (c). (5) P
OLY MET .—The term ‘‘Poly Met’’ means Poly Met Mining Corporation, Inc., a Minnesota Corporation with executive of-fices in St. Paul, Minnesota, and head-quarters in Hoyt Lakes, Minnesota. (6) RECORD OF DECISION .—The term ‘‘Record of Decision’’ means the Final Record of Deci-sion of the Forest Service issued on January 9, 2017, approving the NorthMet Land ex-change between the United States and PolyMet Mining, Inc., a Minnesota Corpora-tion, involving National Forest System land in the Superior National Forest in Min-nesota. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (8) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Minnesota. (c) N
ORTH METLANDEXCHANGE .— (1) E
XCHANGE AUTHORIZED AND DIRECTED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (d)(3)(A) and other conditions imposed by this section, if Poly Met offers to convey to the United States all right, title, and inter-est of Poly Met in and to the non-Federal land, the Secretary shall accept the offer and convey to Poly Met all right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to the Fed-eral land parcel. (B) L
AND EXCHANGE EXPEDITED .—Subject to the conditions imposed by this section, the NorthMet Land Exchange directed by this section shall be consummated not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) F
ORM OF CONVEYANCE .— (A) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—Title to the non- Federal land conveyed by Poly Met to the United States shall be by general warranty deed subject to existing rights of record, and otherwise conform to the title approval regu-lations of the Attorney General of the United States. (B) F
EDERAL LAND PARCEL .—The Federal land parcel shall be quitclaimed by the Sec-retary to Poly Met by an exchange deed. (3) E
XCHANGE COSTS .— (A) R
EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED .—Poly Met shall pay or reimburse the Secretary, either directly or through the Collection Agree-ments, for all land survey, appraisal, land title, deed preparation, and other costs in-curred by the Secretary in processing and consummating the NorthMet Land Ex-change. The Collection Agreements, as in ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act, may be modified through the mutual consent of the parties. (B) D
EPOSIT OF FUNDS .—All funds paid or reimbursed to the Secretary under subpara-graph (A)— (i) shall be deposited and credited to the accounts in accordance with the Collection Agreements; (ii) shall be used for the purposes specified for the accounts; and (iii) shall remain available to the Sec-retary until expended without further appro-priation. (4) C
ONDITIONS ON LAND EXCHANGE .— (A) R
ESERVATION OF CERTAIN MINERAL  
RIGHTS .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the United States shall reserve the mineral rights on approximately 181 acres of the Fed-eral land parcel as generally identified on the map entitled ‘‘Federal Land Parcel– NorthMet Land Exchange’’, and dated June 2017. (B) T
HIRD-PARTY AUTHORIZATIONS .—As set forth in the Final Record of Decision, Poly Met shall honor existing road and trans-mission line authorizations on the Federal land parcel. Upon relinquishment of the au-thorizations by the holders or upon revoca-tion of the authorizations by the Forest Service, Poly Met shall offer replacement authorizations to the holders on at least equivalent terms. (d) V
ALUATION OF NORTH METLAND EX-
CHANGE .— (1) A
PPRAISALS .—The Congress makes the following new findings: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3595 June 11, 2018 
(A) Appraisals of the Federal and non-Fed-eral lands to be exchanged in the NorthMet Land Exchange were formally prepared in accordance with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions, and were approved by the Secretary in con-junction with preparation of the November 2015 Draft Record of Decision on the NorthMet Land Exchange. (B) The appraisals referred to in subpara-graph (A) determined that the value of the non-Federal lands exceeded the value of the Federal land parcel by approximately $425,000. (C) Based on the appraisals referred to in subparagraph (A), the United States would ordinarily be required to make a $425,000 cash equalization payment to Poly Met to equalize exchange values under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), unless such an equali-zation payment is waived by Poly Met. (2) V
ALUES FOR CONSUMMATION OF LAND EX -
CHANGE .—The appraised values of the Fed-eral and non-Federal land determined and approved by the Secretary in November 2015, and referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) shall be the values utilized to consum-mate the NorthMet Land Exchange; and (B) shall not be subject to reappraisal. (3) W
AIVER OF EQUALIZATION PAYMENT .— (A) C
ONDITION ON LAND EXCHANGE .—Not- withstanding section 206(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1716(b)), and as part of its offer to exchange the non-Federal lands as provided in sub-section (c)(1)(A), Poly Met shall waive any payment to it of any monies owed by the United States to equalize land values. (B) T
REATMENT OF WAIVER .—A waiver of the equalization payment under subpara-graph (A) shall be considered as a voluntary donation to the United States by Poly Met for all purposes of law. (e) M
APS AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— (1) M
INOR ADJUSTMENTS .—By mutual agree-ment, the Secretary and Poly Met may cor-rect minor or typographical errors in any map, acreage estimate, or description of the Federal land parcel or non-Federal land to be exchanged in the NorthMet Land Exchange. (2) C
ONFLICT .—If there is a conflict between a map, an acreage estimate, or a description of land under this section, the map shall con-trol unless the Secretary and Poly Met mu-tually agree otherwise. (3) E
XCHANGE MAPS .—The maps referred to in subsection (b) depicting the Federal and non-Federal lands to be exchanged in the NorthMet Land Exchange, and dated June 2017, depict the identical lands identified in the Final Record of Decision, which are on file in the Office of the Supervisor, Superior National Forest. (f) P
OST-EXCHANGE LANDMANAGEMENT .— (1) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—Upon conveyance of the non-Federal land to the United States in the NorthMet Land Exchange, the non- Federal land shall become part of the Supe-rior National Forest and be managed in ac-cordance with— (A) the Act of March 1, 1911 (commonly known as the Weeks Law; 16 U.S.C. 500 et seq.); and (B) the laws and regulations applicable to the Superior National Forest and the Na-tional Forest System. (2) P
LANNING .—Upon acquisition by the United States in the NorthMet Land Ex-change, the non-Federal lands shall be man-aged in a manner consistent with the land and resource management plan applicable to adjacent federally owned lands in the Supe-rior National Forest. An amendment or sup-plement to the land and resource manage-ment plan shall not be required solely be-cause of the acquisition of the non-Federal lands. (3) FEDERAL LAND .—Upon conveyance of the Federal land parcel to Poly Met in the NorthMet Land Exchange, the Federal land parcel shall become private land and avail-able for any lawful use in accordance with applicable Federal, State, and local laws and regulations pertaining to mining and other uses of land in private ownership. (g) M
ISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS .— (1) W
ITHDRAWAL OF ACQUIRED NON -FEDERAL  
LAND .—The non-Federal lands acquired by the United States in the NorthMet Land Ex-change shall be withdrawn, without further action by the Secretary, from appropriation and disposal under public land laws and under laws relating to mineral and geo-thermal leasing. (2) W
ITHDRAWAL REVOCATION .—Any public land order that withdraws the Federal land parcel from appropriation or disposal under a public land law shall be revoked without fur-ther action by the Secretary to the extent necessary to permit conveyance of the Fed-eral land parcel to Poly Met. (3) W
ITHDRAWAL OF FEDERAL LAND PENDING  
CONVEYANCE .—The Federal land parcel to be conveyed to Poly Met in the NorthMet Land Exchange, if not already withdrawn or seg-regated from appropriation or disposal under the mineral leasing and geothermal or other public land laws upon enactment of this Act, is hereby so withdrawn, subject to valid ex-isting rights, until the date of conveyance of the Federal land parcel to Poly Met. (4) A
CT CONTROLS .—In the event any provi-sion of the Record of Decision conflicts with a provision of this section, the provision of this section shall control. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2700 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2282, AS 
MODIFIED  (Purpose: To require congressional review of certain regulations issued by the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States.) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 2700 on behalf of Senator T
OOMEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. T OOMEY , proposes an amend-ment numbered 2700 to amendment No. 2282, as modified. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2756 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2700 
Mr. REED. I call up amendment No. 2756 to amendment No. 2700. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. R EED] proposes an amendment numbered 2756 to amendment No. 2700. 
Mr. REED. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: (Purpose: To require the authorization of ap-propriation of amounts for the develop-ment of new or modified nuclear weapons.) At the end, add the following: S
EC. ll A UTHORIZATION BY CONGRESS .— Section 4209(a)(1) of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the Secretary shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and ‘‘(B) may carry out such activities only if amounts are authorized to be appropriated for such activities by an Act of Congress con-sistent with section 660 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (50 U.S.C. 7270).’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2366 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 2366 to the underlying bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Utah [Mr. L EE] proposes an amendment numbered 2366 to the lan-guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2282, as modified. 
Mr. LEE. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To clarify that an authorization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority does not authorize the detention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States.) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON THE INDEFINITE DE-TENTION OF CITIZENS AND LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4001(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) No citizen or lawful permanent resi-dent of the United States may be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the United States unless such imprisonment or detention is consistent with the Constitution and is car-ried out pursuant to an Act of Congress that expressly authorizes such imprisonment or detention.’’. (b) R
ELATIONSHIP TO AN AUTHORIZATION TO U
SEMILITARY FORCE , DECLARATION OF WAR, 
ORSIMILAR AUTHORITY .—Section 4001 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b)(1) A general authorization to use mili-tary force, a declaration of war, or any simi-lar authority, on its own, may not be con-strued to authorize the imprisonment or de-tention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States apprehended in the United States. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall apply to an author-ization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority enacted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(3) This section may not be construed to authorize the imprisonment or detention of a citizen of the United States, a lawful perma-nent resident of the United States, or any other person who is apprehended in the United States.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.009 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3596 June 11, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, for the information of all Senators, we have just worked out a managers’ package with Ranking Member R
EED and the majority and minority leaders that in-cludes the text of 44 bipartisan amend-ments in the modified substitute amendment. Those 44 bipartisan amendments are as follows: Rounds No. 2273; Rounds No. 2275; Inhofe No. 2278; Reed No. 2283; Warner No. 2285; Fischer No. 2286; Sha-heen No. 2291; Feinstein No. 2293; Peters No. 2313; Gillibrand No. 2335, as modified; Heitkamp No. 2338; Smith No. 2340; Cardin No. 2347; Wicker No. 2351; Inhofe No. 2353; Menendez No. 2360; Cortez Masto No. 2367; Hoeven No. 2368; Perdue No. 2380; Heller No. 2392; Inhofe No. 2402; Sullivan No. 2408; Nel-son No. 2424; Van Hollen No. 2426; Inhofe No. 2429; Gardner No. 2430; Col-lins No. 2436; Young No. 2463; Cruz No. 2469; Nelson No. 2489; Wicker No. 2503; Manchin No. 2508; Roberts No. 2513; Cotton No. 2514; Udall No. 2527; Stabe-now No. 2537; Donnelly No. 2542; Lankford No. 2553; Fischer No. 2554; Cardin No. 2562; Rubio No. 2564; Reed No. 2636; Schumer No. 2757; Menendez No. 2683; and Smith No. 2523. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TARIFF AMENDMENT Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I had a conversation with Senator I
NHOFE and Senator R
EEDearlier. I talked a little bit about resolving a blue-slip issue. I think many Members here are aware that I want to offer an amendment that deals with our ability to weigh in on the tariffs that were put in place under section 232 of the trade act—na-tional security issues. I think we may have found a resolu-tion to that, but I don’t want to offer it right now. I know that Senator I
NHOFE , not knowing whether it works yet for him and the committee, would have to object, and I don’t want that to be the case. I want us to continue to work on this. So I am not going to offer an amendment and statement thereof relative to this. 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF KENNETH L. MARCUS Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I share Mr. Marcus’s concerns about ris-ing anti-Semitism on college campuses and his strong opposition to the Boy-cott, Divestment, and Sanctions move-ment, which I believe is infused with anti-Semitism. I voted against Mr. Marcus’s nomination, along with all of my Democratic colleagues, because Mr. Marcus convinced me in his hearing that he would not be an effective advo-cate for students of all backgrounds, including victims of sexual assault on campus. Mr. Marcus was unable to name a single example of something President Trump has said or done when it comes to discrimination or civil rights that he disagrees with, he agreed with Secretary Devos’s Title IX changes, which rolled back protections for campus victims of sexual assault, and his answers on protecting minority students and LGBTQ students were woefully insufficient to earn my sup-port. (At the request of Mr. DURBIN, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the RECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 120 on the motion to proceed to H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. On vote No. 120, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the motion to proceed to H.R. 5515.∑ 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, from June 4 to June 6, 2018, I was unavoid-ably absent during rollcall votes Nos. 112, 113, 114, 115, 116, and 117. I was in New Mexico helping to address the dev-astating wildfires. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on these rollcall votes. 
f 
USING DATA TO PREVENT OPIOID DIVERSION ACT Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, today I wish to thank my colleague from California, Senator F
EINSTEIN , for including provisions from my legisla-tion, the Comprehensive Addiction Re-form, Education, and Safety, CARES, Act of 2018, S. 2440, in her bill the Using Data to Prevent Opioid Diversion Act of 2018, S. 2838. Specifically, the provi-sions contained in my legislation pro-vides for a tenfold increase on civil penalties from $10,000 to $100,000 and doubles criminal penalties from $250,000 to $500,000 on opioid manufacturers that fail to report suspicious orders of opioids and fail to maintain intern con-trols against diversion of their drugs. Senator Feinstein’s bill was considered in and reported out of the Judiciary Committee just before the Memorial Day recess. Sadly, the opioid and heroin epi-demic continues to ravage commu-nities in my home State of Washington and throughout the United States. Be-tween 1999 and 2016, over 10,000 Wash-ingtonians suffered fatal overdoses from opioids and heroin. Over the past 4 months, I have held seven roundtables and events in every corner of my State to hear about how the epidemic is affecting Washington State communities from law enforce-ment, education, and health perspec-tives. I have heard heartbreaking sto-ries from individuals recovering from addiction and have been moved by their courage. One consistent thread I have heard throughout my State is that opioid manufacturers need to be held account-able for their role in helping to insti-gate this ongoing crisis. Drug manufacturers of controlled substances, like highly addictive opioids, are required under Federal law to keep track and report any sus-picious orders or red flags on the dis-tribution of these drugs. However, opioid manufacturers, through their failure to report suspicious orders of prescription opioids and failure to maintain their own controls against di-version, helped create an illicit market for prescription opioids that flooded our communities with highly addictive substances. My home State of Washington and many other States, cities, and counties have filed lawsuits against opioid man-ufacturers for their failure to follow the law and the devastating impact those decisions have had on their com-munities. However, it should not take lawsuits to get opioid manufacturers to follow the law and be held accountable for their role in this crisis. Instead, we need to make sure opioid manufacturers follow the law by mak-ing the penalties strong enough to serve as an effective deterrent. For these reasons, on February 15, 2018, I introduced the Comprehensive Addiction Reform, Education, and Safety, CARES, Act of 2018, S. 2440, with my colleague Senator HARRIS of California to do just that. This legislation increases civil and criminal penalties on companies that fail to reasonably curtail their drugs from entering the illicit drug market. Our legislation increases civil penalties from $10,000 to $100,000 per violation for negligence in reporting suspicious transaction activity. In addition, the bill increases the maximum criminal penalty from $250,000 to $500,000 for companies that willfully disregard and/ or knowingly fail to keep proper re-porting systems or fail to report sus-picious activity. Again, I am pleased that Senator Feinstein included these provisions as part of her legislation, the Using Data to Prevent Opioid Di-version Act of 2018, S. 2838. Demonstrating the importance of this issue, a group of bipartisan 39 State and Territories attorneys general sent a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee on May 21, 2018, in support of my legislation, the CARES Act, S. 2440, that holds opioid manufacturers accountable for negligent distribution practices by increasing civil and crimi-nal penalties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JN6.018 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3597 June 11, 2018 
The attorneys general wrote: ‘‘Diver-sion of prescription opioids has dev-astated communities in our states. The consequences for turning a blind eye to suspicious opioid orders cannot merely be a cost of doing business. We urge you to support CARA 2.0 and the CARES Act to ensure that penalties ef-fectively hold manufacturers account-able and help stem diversion.’’ Additionally, I introduced the CARA 2.0 legislation on February 27, 2018, with Senators P
ORTMAN , CAPITO , CAS-
SIDY, H ASSAN , Klobuchar, S ULLIVAN , and W
HITEHOUSE . This legislation, while providing authorizations for treatment and naloxone programs, also includes my provision to increase pen-alties on opioid manufacturers that do not follow the law. This same provision is what Senator F
EINSTEIN has included in her legislation, the Using Data to prevent Opioid Diversion Act of 2018, S. 2838. We must hold opioid manufacturers accountable in our fight to end this scourge. I hope that the Senate will pass this legislation so it can be signed into law. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING CLEMENT CLAY ‘‘BO’’ TORBERT, JR. ∑Mr. JONES. Mr. President, it is with deep sadness that I rise today to re-member Chief Justice Clement Clay ‘‘Bo’’ Torbert, Jr., who died on Satur-day, June 2, 2018. Bo Torbert was a good friend and a wise and thoughtful jurist whose leadership in the bench and bar will not soon be equaled or for-gotten. Indeed, the significance of Jus-tice Torbert’s legacy was apparent way back in 1994 when the Alabama Judi-cial Building in Montgomery was named in honor of Justice Torbert and Senator and former Chief Justice How-ell Heflin, another friend, mentor, and Alabama legal icon. Justice Torbert was born on August 31, 1929, and he was proud to call Opelika home. An active member of the First United Methodist Church, he was also a lifelong hunter, conserva-tionist, historian, and outdoorsman. Educated in the public schools of Opelika, after high school, he attended the U.S. Naval Academy and graduated from Auburn University in 1951, where he was a collegiate swimmer. He served in the U.S. Air Force, attaining the rank of captain. Following his gradua-tion from the University of Alabama Law School in 1954, Justice Torbert began practicing law in Opelika, first with Bill Dickinson, who later became an Alabama Congressman, and later with Yetta Samford. In 1958, he was elected to represent Lee County in the State legislature. Only 30 years old in 1959, Torbert was voted ‘‘Outstanding Freshman’’ in the Alabama State House. In 1966, he was elected to the Alabama Senate, where he proposed a number of legislative ini-tiatives that would set the stage for significant reforms to Alabama’s courts and legal system. After his re-turn to private practice in 1970, Torbert continued to support then- Chief Justice Howell Heflin’s efforts to effect court reform through constitu-tional amendment 328, which was fi-nally ratified in December of 1973. Re-turning to the State senate in 1974, Torbert shepherded through the legis-lature the bills necessary to implement the reforms mandated in the amend-ment, and after he was elected chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 1976, Justice Torbert oversaw the transition to the streamlined system, which was subsequently ranked as one of the best court systems in the Na-tion. During his tenure as chief justice, Torbert was also active in national and international judicial organizations, serving as president of the Conference of Chief Justices, chairman of the Na-tional Center for State Courts, and chairman of the State Justice Insti-tute. In 1979, he was elected to the Ala-bama Academy of Honor. After leaving the court, Justice Torbert taught at both the University of Alabama School of Law and Cumberland School of Law before joining the law firm of Maynard, Cooper & Gale, P.C., where he practiced until his retirement several years ago. My wife Louise and I extend our sin-cere condolences to Bo’s wife, Gene Hurt Torbert and to his three children, my longtime friend Dixie Alton and her husband, Mitch; Shealy Cook and her husband, Penn; and Clay Torbert and his wife, Cindy, as well as his five grandchildren, Rebecca Cook Davis and her husband, William; Elizabeth Cook; Clay Cook; Bo Torbert IV; James Torbert; and two great-grandchildren, Penton Davis and Celia Davis. Justice Torbert was a great Chris-tian, husband, father, lawyer, states-man, and judge, and while Alabama will surely miss him, his legacy will live on for generations.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LORENCE M. BERTONE ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I wish to recognize and extend my sincerest congratulations and happy birthday wishes to Lorence M. Bertone, who celebrated her 100th birthday on June 9, 2018. Lorence was born in 1918 in Danvers, MA, where she worked at Sylvania until she retired and moved to Seabrook, NH, 38 years ago. Lorence is married to Ricce Bertone, and they have five children: Richard, Clarice, Bonny, Robert, and Linda. Lorence also has many grandchildren and great- grandchildren and still travels to Cali-fornia to visit her grandsons, Rod and Dave. Today Lorence enjoys taking trips to Vegas, crocheting, baking, and playing bingo every week at the Seabrook American Legion and Seabrook Fire Association. I hope you join me, Lorence’s friends and family, and many people in the town of Seabrook and across the Gran-ite State in wishing Lorence M. Bertone a very happy 100th birthday. ∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13405 OF JUNE 16, 2006, WITH RE-SPECT TO BELARUS, RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON JUNE 8, 2018—PM 43 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report, which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the actions and policies of certain mem-bers of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine democratic processes or institutions of Belarus that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, is to continue in effect beyond June 16, 2018. The actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or insti-tutions, to commit human rights abuses related to political repression, and to engage in public corruption con-tinue to pose an unusual and extraor-dinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.086 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3598 June 11, 2018 
it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13405 with respect to Belarus. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 8, 2018. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on June 8, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) had signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 1397. An act to authorize, direct, fa-cilitate, and expedite the transfer of admin-istrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and for other purposes. H.R. 1719. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to acquire approxi-mately 44 acres of land in Martinez, Cali-fornia, for inclusion in the John Muir Na-tional Historic Site, and for other purposes. H.R. 1900. An act to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum, and for other purposes. H.R. 2772. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements re-lating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees. 
The message also announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2772) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements relating to the reas-signment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, without amend-ment: 
S. 1869. An act to reauthorize and rename the position of Whistleblower Ombudsman to be the Whistleblower Protection Coordi-nator. S. 2246. An act to designate the health care center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Sergeant Er-nest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3. An act to rescind certain budget au-thority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Im-poundment Control Act 1974. H.R. 8. An act to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, June 11, 2018, he had signed the following en-rolled bills, which were previously signed by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ) of the House: 
H.R. 1397. An act to authorize, direct, fa-cilitate, and expedite the transfer of admin-istrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and for other purposes. H.R. 1719. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to acquire approxi-mately 44 acres of land in Martinez, Cali-fornia, for inclusion in the John Muir Na-tional Historic Site, and for other purposes. H.R. 1900. An act to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum, and for other purposes. H.R. 2772. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements re-lating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3. An act to rescind certain budget au-thority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Im-poundment Control Act 1974; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations; and the Com-mittee on the Budget, concurrently, pursu-ant to the order of January 30, 1975, as modi-fied by the order of April 11, 1986, with in-structions that the Budget Committee be au-thorized to report its views to the Appropria-tions Committee, and that the latter alone be authorized to report the bill. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5483. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting proposed leg-islation; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–5484. A communication from the Chair-woman of the Nuclear Weapons Council, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the President’s budget requests for the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion for fiscal year 2019; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5485. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Mason County, Illinois, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2018– 0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–5486. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a revised report entitled ‘‘Evaluation of the Graduate Nurse Edu-cation Demonstration Project: Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5487. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Changes to the Com-prehensive Care for Joint Replacement Pay-ment Model (CJR): Extreme and Uncontrol-lable Circumstances Policy for the CJR Model’’ ((RIN0938–AT16) (CMS–5524–F2)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5488. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2018 Marginal Pro-duction Rates’’ (Notice 2018–51) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5489. A communication from the Sec-retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Office of Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5490. A communication from the Acting Chairman, Federal Maritime Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5491. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, National Mining Hall of Fame and Museum, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Museum’s 2017 annual report and finan-cial audit; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. EC–5492. A communication from the Regu-lation Policy Development Coordinator, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Case Management Services Grant Program’’ (RIN2900–AQ15) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–5493. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment, Department of Veterans Affairs, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reimbursement for Emergency Treatment’’ (RIN2900–AQ08) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. EC–5494. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Fisheries, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico and South Atlan-tic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Hogfish Management Measures in Amend-ment 43’’ (RIN0648–BG18) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5495. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Fisheries, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Ste-vens Act Provisions; Fisheries of the North-eastern United States; Northeast Multispe-cies Fishery; Approval of Modifications to a Regulatory Exemption for Groundfish Sec-tors’’ (RIN0648–XF138) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5496. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Fisheries, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Recreational Management Measures for the Summer Flounder and Scup Fisheries; Fishing Year 2017’’ (RIN0648–BG68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Sep 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\S11JN8.REC S11JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3599 June 11, 2018 
EC–5497. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Golden Tilefish Fishery; 2018 and Projected 2019–2020 Specifications’’ (RIN0648– XF571) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5498. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Omnibus Framework Adjustment Requiring Electronic Vessel Trip Reporting for Feder-ally-Permitted Party and Charter Vessel Op-erators in Mid-Atlantic Region’’ (RIN0648– BG60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5499. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder, Scup, Black Sea Bass Fisheries; 2018 and Projected 2019 Scup Specifications and Announcement of Final 2018 Summer Flounder and Black Sea Bass Specifications’’ (RIN0648–XF669) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5500. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions: Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2017–18 Biennial Speci-fications and Management Measures; Amendment 27; Correction’’ (RIN0648–BG17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5501. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area; American Fisheries Act; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Crab Ra-tionalization Program’’ (RIN0648–BG84) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5502. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Island Pelagic Fisheries Exemption for Large U.S. Longline Vessels To Fish in Portions of American Samoa Large Vessel Prohibited Area; Court Order’’ (RIN0648– BG79) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5503. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pacific Island Fisheries; 2017 Annual Catch Limits and Accountability Measures’’ (RIN0648–XF186) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–238. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the State of Louisiana urging the United States Congress and the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress to take such actions as necessary to encourage that the design and construction of the Vito development in the Gulf of Mexico occur in Louisiana; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 219 Whereas, the Vito is a deepwater oil explo-ration development covering four blocks in the Mississippi Canyon area of the Gulf of Mexico located one hundred fifty miles southeast of New Orleans; and Whereas, Shell Offshore, Inc. announced that it will develop this site, the construc-tion of which will include the fabrication and construction of eight subsea wells with deep in-well gas lift; and Whereas, the Vito development is expected to reach a peak production of approximately one hundred thousand barrels of oil equiva-lent per day and has an estimated recover-able three hundred million barrels of oil equivalent, which represents a significant contribution to oil production in the Gulf of Mexico and to the nation’s energy needs; and Whereas, Louisiana is the second largest oil producer in the country and plays an es-sential role in supplying the nation with en-ergy; and Whereas, the historical and important role that the state has played in the oil industry has provided Louisiana with the expertise and critical infrastructure necessary to sup-port the design, construction, and mainte-nance necessary for a project as large and technologically advanced as the Vito devel-opment; and Whereas, because of its size and location, the Vito development will play a large role in the economy of the state and will rely on the waterways, ports, pipelines, and design and construction companies located in Lou-isiana; and Whereas, Shell Offshore, Inc. should give priority to businesses and resources located in Louisiana for the Vito development so that it may contribute to Louisiana’s eco-nomic development and to the nation’s en-ergy infrastructure: Therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate of the Legisla-ture of Louisiana does hereby memorialize Congress and the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress to take such actions as necessary to encourage that the design and construction of the Vito development in the Gulf of Mexico occur in Louisiana. Be it further Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution be transmitted to the secretary of the United States Senate and the clerk of the United States House of Representatives and to each member of the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress. 
POM–239. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to pass the Dis-ability Integration Act of 2017; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 13 Whereas, the Disability Integration Act of 2017 has been introduced as S. 910 and H.R. 2472 in the One Hundred Fifteenth United States Congress; and Whereas, in enacting the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (herein referred to as the ‘‘ADA’’), Congress recognized that ‘‘his-torically, society has tended to isolate and segregate individuals with disabilities, and, despite some improvements, such forms of discrimination against individuals with dis-abilities continue to be a serious and perva-sive social problem’’ and intended that the ADA assure ‘‘full participation’’ and ‘‘inde-pendent living’’ for individuals with disabil-ities by addressing ‘‘discrimination against individuals with disabilities [that] persists in critical areas’’, including institutionaliza-tion; and Whereas, while Congress expected that the ADA’s integration mandate would be inter-preted in a manner that ensures that individ-uals who are eligible for institutional place-ment are able to exercise a right to commu-nity-based long-term services and supports, that expectation has not been fulfilled; and Whereas, the holdings of the Supreme Court in Olmstead v. L.C., 527 U.S. 581 (1999), and companion cases, have clearly articu-lated that individuals with disabilities have a civil right under the ADA to participate in society as equal citizens; however, many states still do not provide sufficient commu-nity-based long-term services and supports to individuals with disabilities to end seg-regation in institutions; and Whereas, the right to live in the commu-nity is necessary for the exercise of the civil rights that the ADA was intended to secure for all individuals with disabilities and the lack of adequate community-based services and supports has imperiled the civil rights of all individuals with disabilities, and has un-dermined the very promise of the ADA; therefore, it is necessary to recognize in statute a robust and fully articulated right to community living; and Whereas, states, with a few exceptions, continue to approach decisions regarding long-term services and supports from social welfare and budgetary perspectives, but for the promise of the ADA to be fully realized, states must approach these decisions from a civil rights perspective; and Whereas, states have not consistently planned to ensure sufficient services and sup-ports for individuals with disabilities, in-cluding those with the most significant dis-abilities, to enable individuals with disabil-ities to live in the most integrated setting and, as a result, many individuals with dis-abilities who reside in institutions are pre-vented from residing in the community and individuals with disabilities who are not in institutions find themselves at risk of insti-tutional placement; and Whereas, the continuing existence of un-fair and unnecessary institutionalization de-nies individuals with disabilities the oppor-tunity to live and participate on an equal basis in the community and costs the United States billions of dollars in unnecessary spending related to perpetuating dependency and unnecessary confinement. Therefore, be it Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana memorializes the Congress of the United States to take such actions as are necessary to pass the Disability Integration Act of 2017. Be it further Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution shall be transmitted to the secretary of the United States Senate and the clerk of the United States House of Representatives and to each member of the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress. POM–240. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Oklahoma urging the Congress of the United States, pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitu-tion, to call a convention of the states for the purpose of proposing amendments to the United States Constitution related to bal-ancing the federal budget, imposing fiscal re-straints on the federal government, limiting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.012 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3600 June 11, 2018 
the power and jurisdiction of the federal gov-ernment, and limiting the terms of office for its officials and for members of Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 1043 Whereas, Article V of the Constitution of the United States provides that upon receipt of applications from two-thirds of the legis-latures of the several states, Congress shall call a convention of the states for proposing amendments; and Whereas, the Oklahoma Legislature adopt-ed SJR 4 in the 2nd Session of the 55th Okla-homa Legislature that applied to the Con-gress of the United States ‘‘for the calling of a convention of the states limited to pro-posing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States requiring that in the ab-sence of a national emergency the total of all federal appropriations made by the Con-gress for any fiscal year may not exceed the total of all estimated federal revenues for that fiscal year, together with any related and appropriate fiscal restraints’’; and Whereas, it appears that two-thirds of the states, including Oklahoma, soon will have applied for a convention to propose such an amendment adding to the United States Con-stitution a requirement federal government balance its budget; and Whereas, it has also been proposed by sev-eral states, including Oklahoma, that a con-vention be called for proposing amendments to ‘‘impose fiscal restraints on the federal government, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and limit the terms of office for its officials and for mem-bers of Congress’’; and Whereas, in its call Congress will be re-quired to specify an initial time and place for the meeting of the Article V Convention for proposing amendments; and Whereas, it is appropriate for the state leg-islatures to prepare for the Article V Con-vention and recommend to Congress an ini-tial time and place to hold the convention; and Whereas, a gathering of the states called by a state legislature and consisting of mem-bers authorized by other state legislatures would be an effective way of considering and recommending solutions to common issues related to an Article V Convention, includ-ing planning for and recommending rules and procedures for an Article V Convention, and recommending to Congress the initial date and of an Article V Convention; and Whereas, a planning convention of the sev-eral states in September in Phoenix, Ari-zona, was attended by a delegation from Oklahoma as authorized by House Concur-rent Resolution No. 1007 of the 1st Session of the 56th Oklahoma Legislature. Now, there-fore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives and the Senate of the 2nd Session of the 56th Okla-homa Legislature: That a delegation of commissioners se-lected as provided in this resolution shall be authorized to attend and participate in a gathering of states proposed by any state legislature for the purposes of developing rules and procedures for an Article V Con-vention for proposing amendments to the United States Constitution to require a bal-anced federal budget, or to impose fiscal re-straints on the federal government, to limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal gov-ernment and to limit the terms of office for federal officials and members of Congress and for proposing an initial date and loca-tion for the meeting of the several states in an Article V Convention. That the delegation of commissioners shall be composed of seven members, three of whom shall be appointed by the Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives, three of whom shall be appointed by the President Pro Tempore of the Oklahoma State Senate, and one of whom shall be ap-pointed by agreement of both the Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives and the President Pro Tempore of the Oklahoma State Senate. That two of the commissioners appointed by the Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives shall be current members of the Oklahoma House of Representatives at the time of appointment, and two of the commissioners appointed by the President Pro Tempore of the Oklahoma State Senate shall be current members of the Oklahoma State Senate at the time of appointment. The third commissioner appointed by the Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Rep-resentatives shall be a current or former member of the Oklahoma House of Rep-resentatives and the third commissioner ap-pointed by the President Pro Tempore of the Oklahoma State Senate shall be a current or former member of the Oklahoma State Sen-ate. That the commissioners shall be bound by the rules adopted by the gathering of the states or provided for in the proposal for the Article V Convention. That unless otherwise provided by the Oklahoma Legislature, the commissioners provided for in this resolution shall also serve as commissioners to the Article V Con-vention for proposing amendments to the United States Constitution when called and shall be bound by the rules adopted by the members of the Article V Convention. That if a commissioner is unable to par-ticipate in either the state gathering or an Article V Convention to propose amend-ments to the United States Constitution ei-ther permanently or temporarily, the ap-pointing authority or authorities shall select an alternate, who shall be a current or former member of the appointing authority’s legislative body, to serve for the time the commissioner is unable to serve. The alter-nate shall be bound by the same rules and procedures as the original commissioner. That no commissioner or alternate from this state to an Article V Convention shall have the authority to vote to allow consider-ation of or vote to approve an unauthorized amendment for ratification to the United States Constitution. That any commissioner or alternate cast-ing a vote to allow consideration or approval of an unauthorized amendment shall be im-mediately recalled by the appointing author-ity or authorities and be replaced by an al-ternate. That all voting in either a gathering of states or an Article V Convention shall be by state with each state having one vote. That commissioners and alternates shall take the following oath of office before ac-cepting their appointment: ‘‘I do solemnly swear or affirm that to the best of my abilities I will, as a commissioner (alternate commissioner) to a convention for proposing any amendment to the United States Constitution, uphold the Constitution and laws of the United States and the State of Oklahoma. I will abide by my specific instructions from the Legislature of the State of Okla-homa. I will not vote to allow consideration of or to approve any amendment proposed for ratification to the United States Constitu-tion that is unrelated to the subject of the approved call of the convention by Congress. I will vote only for convention rules that provide that each state have one equal vote and that a state or commissioner shall not be allowed to propose an amendment that is unrelated to the approved call of the conven-tion. I acknowledge that any violation of this oath may result in being recalled by the Legislature of the State of Oklahoma or its authorized committee.’’ That an Article V Convention Committee shall be composed of three members, one ap-pointed by the Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives, one appointed by the President Pro Tempore of the Oklahoma State Senate and one appointed jointly by the Speaker and President Pro Tempore. A member of the Article V Convention Com-mittee may not be a member of the delega-tion. The duties of the Article V Convention Committee and their appointing authority or authorities include: 1. Monitoring the delegation to determine if it is following legislative instructions and obeying convention rules; 2. Advising the delegation on the Legisla-ture’s position on issues before the conven-tion; 3. Disciplining any commissioner who vio-lates the oath of office or instructions or is otherwise guilty of malfeasance or nonfea-sance. Discipline may include recall from the convention, removal as a commissioner or demotion to the office of alternate commis-sioner; 4. Notifying the convention that a commis-sioner has been recalled, removed as a com-missioner or demoted to the office of alter-nate commissioner; and 5. Replacing any recalled commissioner. That commissioners shall vote only for Ar-ticle V Convention rules consistent with the following principles: 1. The convention is convened under the authority reserved to the state legislatures of the several states by Article V of the Con-stitution of the United States; 2. The only participants at this convention are the several states represented by their respective delegations duly selected in the manner that their respective legislatures have determined; 3. The scope of the convention’s authority is defined by applications adopted by at least two-thirds of the legislatures of the several states, which authority is limited to the sub-ject of the approved call of the convention. The convention has no authority to propose or discuss an amendment on any other sub-ject outside the approved call of the conven-tion by Congress; 4. The convention shall provide for dis-ciplining a commissioner or delegation for exceeding the scope of the convention’s au-thority by raising subjects for discussion or debate that lie outside the convention’s au-thority; 5. The convention shall not infringe on the respective state legislatures’ authority to in-struct, discipline, recall and replace commis-sioners; and 6. All voting at the convention or in a com-mittee shall be by state with each state hav-ing one vote without apportionment or divi-sion. Each state legislature shall determine the internal voting and quorum rules for casting the vote of its delegation. That the provisions of this resolution shall expire on December 31, 2023. That the Chief Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives, immediately after the passage of this resolution, shall prepare and file one copy thereof with the Secretary of State and one copy with the Attorney General and transmit copies to the President and Sec-retary of the United States Senate and to the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, to the members of the Oklahoma Congressional Delegation, and to the presiding officers of each of the legis-lative houses in the several states, request-ing their cooperation. 
POM–241. A resolution adopted by the Common Council of the City of Syracuse, New York memorializing its support of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.023 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3601 June 11, 2018 
Main Street Employee Ownership Act of 2018; to the Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship. POM–242. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to immigration; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 3040. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Re-porting Act to clarify Federal law with re-spect to reporting certain positive consumer credit information to consumer reporting agencies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. JOHNSON: S. 3041. A bill to amend the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act to provide for disaster recovery re-forms, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. ROBERTS: S. 3042. A bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 3043. A bill to require USTRANSCOM as-sessments of transportation infrastructure; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 3044. A bill to establish the National De-fense Accelerator Network pilot program; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. COTTON (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): S. 3045. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish a safe harbor with respect to keep open letters; to the Com-mittee on Banking , Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Ms. SMITH (for herself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. U DALL , and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 3046. A bill to allow the Secretary of Ag-riculture to enter into self-determination contracts with Indian Tribes and Tribal or-ganizations to carry out supplemental nutri-tion assistance programs; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself, Mr. K
ING, and Mr. M ANCHIN ): S. 3047. A bill to establish a narcotic drug screening technology pilot program to com-bat illicit opioid importation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 3048. A bill to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to evaluate and report on the in-patient and outpatient treatment capacity, availability, and needs of the United States; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. G
ARDNER , and Mr. B OOZMAN ): S. Res. 539. A resolution urging the Presi-dent to strengthen efforts of the United States to combat religious freedom viola-tions in Eurasia, especially the use of tor-ture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treat-ment or punishment, prolonged detention without charges, causing the disappearance of persons by the abduction or clandestine detention of those persons, and other fla-grant denial of the right to life, liberty, or the security of persons; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. Con. Res. 39. A concurrent resolution commemorating the 75th anniversary of Lockheed Martin Skunk Works and the sig-nificant contributions of the Skunk Works to the national security of the United States; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 116 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 116, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit vet-erans who have a service-connected, permanent disability rated as total to travel on military aircraft in the same manner and to the same extent as re-tired members of the Armed Forces en-titled to such travel. 
S. 319 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 319, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to establish within the Department of Veterans Af-fairs a center of excellence in the pre-vention, diagnosis, mitigation, treat-ment, and rehabilitation of health con-ditions relating to exposure to burn pits. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting period for dis-ability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. At the request of Mr. C
OTTON , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 379, supra. 
S. 709 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 709, a bill to prohibit the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency from taking adminis-trative action to recover certain pay-ments for disaster or emergency assist-ance, and for other purposes. S. 980 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 980, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for payments for certain rural health clinic and Federally qualified health center services furnished to hos-pice patients under the Medicare pro-gram. 
S. 1016 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1016, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to expand access to telehealth services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1110 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1110, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide for private lac-tation areas in the terminals of large and medium hub airports, and for other purposes. 
S. 1533 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1533, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to cover physi-cian services delivered by podiatric physicians to ensure access by Med-icaid beneficiaries to appropriate qual-ity foot and ankle care, to amend title XVIII of such Act to modify the re-quirements for diabetic shoes to be in-cluded under Medicare, and for other purposes. 
S. 1589 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1589, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1933 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1933, a bill to focus limited Fed-eral resources on the most serious of-fenders. 
S. 1958 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1958, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require Inter-net-based, real-time responses to re-quests to verify taxpayer income for le-gitimate business purposes, and for other purposes. 
S. 2404 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.028 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3602 June 11, 2018 
MERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2404, a bill to amend the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to reauthorize the organic agri-culture research and extension initia-tive. 
S. 2460 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2460, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire e-prescribing for coverage under part D of the Medicare program of pre-scription drugs that are controlled sub-stances. 
S. 2489 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2489, a bill to amend the Housing Act of 1949 to extend the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to make loans to certain entities for housing and buildings on adequate farms, to es-tablish a technical assistance program to improve access by Tribal entities to rural development programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improvements to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Indi-ana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2506, a bill to establish an aviation maintenance workforce devel-opment pilot program. 
S. 2521 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2521, a bill to author-ize the issuance of extreme risk protec-tion orders. 
S. 2554 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2554, a bill to ensure that health in-surance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain information to enrollees. 
S. 2578 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2578, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Commerce to provide advanced no-tice to Congress before changing any questions on the decennial census, and for other purposes. 
S. 2584 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. MCCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2584, a bill to end dis-crimination based on actual or per-ceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 2637 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2637, a bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to im-prove the quality, health outcomes, and value of maternity care under the Medicaid and CHIP programs by devel-oping maternity care quality measures and supporting maternity care quality collaboratives. 
S. 2667 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the name of the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2667, a bill to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for State and Tribal regulation of hemp production, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2804 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2804, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture for Indian Country. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2864 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2864, a bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize a Joint Task Force to en-hance integration of the Department of Homeland Security’s border security operations to detect, interdict, disrupt, and prevent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from en-tering the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2884 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2884, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to develop a standard letter format to be provided to individ-uals who are indebted to the United States by virtue of their participation in benefits programs administered by the Secretary, to provide notice of debt by electronic means to such individuals when so elected, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2937 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. VANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2937, a bill to protect chil-dren affected by immigration enforce-ment actions. 
S. 2956 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2956, a bill to intensify stem cell research showing evidence of substan-tial clinical benefit to patients, and for other purposes. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Or-egon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2957, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to des-ignate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for viola-tions of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2978 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2978, a bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to modify the conservation reserve enhancement pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 3022 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3022, a bill to amend sub-chapter III of chapter 99 of the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States to repeal increases in duty and a tariff-rate quota on certain crys-talline silicon photovoltaic cells, and for other purposes. 
S. 3028 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 3028, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an income tax credit for eldercare expenses. 
S. 3033 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3033, a bill to require a study and report on matters con-cerning best practices in mortality counts as a result of a major disaster. 
S. 3036 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOL-
LEN) were added as cosponsors of S. 3036, a bill to limit the separation of families at or near ports of entry. 
S. RES. 527 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 527, a resolution congratulating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.037 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3603 June 11, 2018 
the people of Georgia on the 100th anni-versary of its declaration of independ-ence as a democratic republic and re-affirming the strength of the relation-ship between the United States and Georgia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2270 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2270 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2285 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2285 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2290 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2290 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2315 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Ala-bama (Mr. J
ONES ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2315 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2337 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2337 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2343 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. ROUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2343 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2365 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2365 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2366 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Dela-ware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2366 pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2370 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2370 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2385 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2385 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2389 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2389 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 2392 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2392 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2411 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) and the Senator from Illi-nois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2411 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2412 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2412 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2436 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2436 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2437 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ  M
ASTO ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2437 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.038 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3604 June 11, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 2442 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2442 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2464 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2464 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2494 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2494 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2505 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2505 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2513 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2513 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2514 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ), the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2514 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 2521 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2521 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2530 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2530 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2537 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2537 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2538 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2538 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2550 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2550 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2551 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2551 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 2552 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2552 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2555 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2555 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2560 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2560 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2568 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2569 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2569 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2573 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.039 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3605 June 11, 2018 
RISCH), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2573 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2575 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2575 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 539—URGING THE PRESIDENT TO STRENGTH-EN EFFORTS OF THE UNITED STATES TO COMBAT RELIGIOUS FREEDOM VIOLATIONS IN EUR-ASIA, ESPECIALLY THE USE OF TORTURE OR CRUEL, INHUMAN, OR DEGRADING TREATMENT OR PUNISHMENT, PROLONGED DE-TENTION WITHOUT CHARGES, CAUSING THE DISAPPEARANCE OF PERSONS BY THE ABDUCTION OR CLANDESTINE DETENTION OF THOSE PERSONS, AND OTHER FLAGRANT DENIAL OF THE RIGHT TO LIFE, LIBERTY, OR THE SECURITY OF PERSONS Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. G
ARDNER , and Mr. B OOZMAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 539 Whereas the National Security Strategy of the United States issued in 2017 stated that ‘‘[t]he United States also remains committed to supporting and advancing religious free-dom . . . Our Founders understood religious freedom not as the state’s creation, but as the gift of God to every person and a funda-mental right for our flourishing society,’’ and national security strategies issued in 2015, 2006, 2002, 2000, 1999, 1998, and 1997, like-wise committed the United States to pro-moting international religious freedom to advance the security, economic, and other national interests of the people of the United States; Whereas religious freedom is the first free-dom enumerated in the Constitution of the United States, enshrined as a non-derogable freedom in international law, enumerated in Article 18 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which the United States voted for, enumerated in Article 18 of the International Covenant on Civil and Polit-ical Rights, which the United States ratified, committed to as part of comprehensive secu-rity by the 57 participating States of the Or-ganization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, including in the Helsinki Final Act of 1975, the Madrid Concluding Document of 1983, the Vienna Concluding Document of 1989, the CSCE/OSCE Copenhagen Document of 1990, the Charter of Paris for a New Europe of 1990, the Budapest Document of 1994, and the Istanbul Document of 1999, and affirmed in specific decisions of the Ministerial Coun-cil in 2002 to 2007, and 2013; Whereas the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.) defines particularly severe violations of religious freedom as ‘‘torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment, pro-longed detention without charges, causing the disappearance of persons by the abduc-tion or clandestine detention of those per-sons, other flagrant denial of the right to life, liberty, or the security of persons,’’ re-quires the President to ‘‘designate each country the government of which has en-gaged in or tolerated [particularly severe violations of religious freedom in that coun-try during the preceding 12 months or since the date of the last review of that country] . . . as a country of particular concern for religious freedom,’’ and requires the United States as a matter of policy to ‘‘condemn violations of religious freedom, and to pro-mote, and to assist other governments in the promotion of, the fundamental right to free-dom of religion’’; Whereas the Secretary of State designated as CPC OSCE participating States Uzbek-istan in 2006, 2009, 2011, 2014, 2016, and 2017, Turkmenistan in 2014, 2016, and 2017, and Tajikistan in 2016 and 2017; Whereas the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom rec-ommended for CPC designation OSCE par-ticipating States Turkmenistan from 2000 to 2018, Uzbekistan from 2005 to 2018, Tajikistan from 2012 to 2019, Russia from 2017 to 2018, and Turkey in 2012; Whereas the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act (Public Law 114–281) requires the President to ‘‘designate each country that engaged in or tolerated severe violations of religious freedom during the previous year, but does not meet, in the opinion of the President at the time of publi-cation of the Annual Report, all of the cri-teria . . . for designation’’ as a CPC as ‘‘being placed on a ‘Special Watch List’,’’ and the Secretary of State designated no OSCE participating States as a Special Watch List country when designating coun-tries of particular concern and one Special Watch List country on December 22, 2017; Whereas the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom has in-cluded on its annual Tier Two list or Watch List countries in which the government has engaged in or tolerated serious violations of religious freedom, Azerbaijan from 2013 to 2018, Kazakhstan from 2013 to 2018, Turkey from 2009 to 2011 and 2014 to 2018, Russia from 2009 to 2016, Belarus from 2004 to 2012, Tajikistan from 2009 to 2011, Uzbekistan from 2003 to 2004, and Georgia in 2004; Whereas, on July 17, 2017, the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation upheld a ban against Jehovah’s Witnesses as an ex-tremist group, enforcing extremism laws that violate religious freedom, including July 7, 2016, amendments to the prohibitive 1997 Law on Freedom of Conscience and Reli-gious Associations that further restrict mis-sionary activities of Russians and foreigners in Russia, restrict or ban online and printed religious materials, impose fines, confiscate assets and property, prohibit public and pri-vate religious assembly and expression, criminalize and ban religious activities and groups as extremist without legally defining extremism to include the threat or use of vi-olence, and put religious minorities such as Jehovah’s Witnesses, Muslims, Protestant Christians, and Mormons, especially at risk of severe and particularly severe violations of religious freedom; Whereas, since forces of the Government of the Russian Federation invaded Crimea, Ukraine, in February 2014, they have forcibly and illegally occupied the territory, and as the occupying power are required under international law such as the Geneva Con-ventions to protect the religious freedom of the inhabitants of the occupied territory, are responsible for violations of religious free-dom in Crimea for the duration of their occu-pation, and there have been violations, in-cluding abduction, detention and imprison-ment, forced psychiatric hospitalizations, fines, restrictions on missionary activities, confiscations of property including churches and meeting halls, expulsions and obstruc-tions to reentry, denying registration of reli-gious groups, vandalism, fines, and banning peaceful religious groups, and targeted groups have included Muslim Crimean Ta-tars, the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Kyivan Patriarchate, the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church, and Protestant Christians, as reported in International Religious Free-dom Reports and by the United States Com-mission on International Religious Freedom; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation-led separatist forces have effec-tively controlled the Donbas region of east-ern Ukraine since April 2014, are therefore required under international law to protect the religious freedom of the inhabitants of the territory they control, are responsible for violations of religious freedom in the Donbas for the duration of their control, pro-claimed the Donetsk People’s Republic and the Luhansk People’s Republic, established illegal entities to govern the territory, and religious freedom violations in the region have included detention and imprisonment, confiscation of property, including churches and meeting halls, physical assaults and threats of violence, vandalism, fines, restric-tions on missionary activities, religious services, ceremonies, gatherings, and lit-erature, and banning of peaceful religious groups, and targeted groups have included the Ukrainian Orthodox Church-Kyiv Patri-archate, Jehovah’s Witnesses, the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church, and Protestant Christians, as reported in International Reli-gious Freedom Reports and by the United States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom; Whereas the draft ‘‘Law Introducing Amendments and Additions to Laws on Ques-tions of Religious Activity and Religious As-sociations’’ would amend the already restric-tive religion law of Kazakhstan to further control and punish people who communicate religious teachings the government has not approved, restrict sharing religious beliefs, confiscate religious literature that does not pass mandatory state censorship, make it easier to permanently ban religious organi-zations for violating the Religion Law, and double some fines for exercising religious freedom; Whereas, since the second President and the Prime Minister of Uzbekistan assumed office on December 14, 2016, the Government of Uzbekistan has taken steps towards im-provement on religious freedom, including the release of some religious prisoners and the ‘‘road map’’ resolution issued on May 4, 2018, by the Legislative Chamber and the Senate instructing government offices to im-plement the recommendations in the Feb-ruary 22, 2018, ‘‘Report of the Special Rapporteur on Freedom of Religion or Belief on His Mission to Uzbekistan’’ within a year, and the Government has shown openness to the recommendations of the United States Government regarding religious freedom; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.040 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3606 June 11, 2018 
Whereas the Frank Wolf International Re-ligious Freedom Act includes a sense of Con-gress that ‘‘ongoing and persistent waivers of the application of any of the actions . . . (or commensurate substitute action) . . . with respect to a country do not fulfill the purposes of’’ the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998, and ‘‘because the pro-motion of religious freedom is an important interest of United States foreign policy, the President, the Secretary of State, and other executive branch officials, in consultation with Congress, should seek to find ways to address existing violations, on a case-by-case basis, through the actions . . . or other com-mensurate substitute action’’ in the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998; Whereas section 212(a)(2)(G) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(G)) provides that ‘‘[a]ny alien who, while serving as a foreign government offi-cial, was responsible for or directly carried out, at any time, particularly severe viola-tions of religious freedom, as defined in sec-tion 3 of the International Religious Free-dom Act (22 U.S.C. 6402) is inadmissible’’ to the United States; Whereas the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) authorizes the President to take ac-tions based on credible evidence that a for-eign person is ‘‘responsible for extrajudicial killings, torture, or other gross violations of internationally recognized human rights committed against individuals in any foreign country who seek . . . to obtain, exercise, de-fend, or promote internationally recognized human rights and freedoms, such as the free-doms of religion, expression, association, and assembly, and the rights to a fair trial and democratic elections,’’ including denying entry to the United States, or revoking the United States visa, and ‘‘blocking . . . all transactions in all property and interests in property . . . if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person’’ of any such foreign person or foreign person who acted as an agent of or on behalf of such a foreign person; and Whereas the Government of Turkey has de-tained Pastor Andrew Brunson, a United States citizen, since October 7, 2016, on false charges of membership in an armed terrorist group, espionage, and attempting to over-throw the state, provided no credible evi-dence, and denied him timely and credible due process: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate urges the Presi-dent— (1) to redesignate Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan as countries of particular concern, grant a waiver on the one or more actions or commensurate action the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 requires the President to take toward them as CPCs, condition the waiver on the governments of these countries ceasing, or taking substantial and verifiable steps to cease, particularly severe violations of reli-gious freedom within 180 days of the designa-tion, and revoke the waiver and take the statutorily required action or commensurate action if these governments do not take such steps; (2) to designate Azerbaijan, Russia, and Turkey as special watch list countries, urge the Government of Kazakhstan to refrain from adopting amendments that would make the religion law more restrictive, and if the Government of Kazakhstan adopts such re-strictions, to designate Kazakhstan as a spe-cial watch list country for that year; (3) to instruct the Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom, under stat-ute the principal adviser to the President on international religious freedom, to develop and transmit to Congress a one-time inter- agency strategy to advance religious free-dom in Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbek-istan, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Russia, Tur-key, and parts of Ukraine occupied by Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation forces or controlled by Government of the Russian Federation-led separatist forces, and that this strategy shall— (A) emphasize the value of adopting reli-gious freedom as a means of enhancing eco-nomic growth and undermining religion-re-lated violence and terrorism; (B) include details on how resources from Federal departments and agencies, including the United States Agency for International Development, will be used to implement the strategy; (C) be developed in consultation with ad-vice from the United State Commission on International Religious Freedom, govern-ments, private sector and civil society enti-ties; and (D) prioritize supporting ongoing reforms in Uzbekistan; and (4) to apply visa, entry into the United States, and property blocking sanctions tar-geting any foreign person found to engage in or be complicit in severe violations of reli-gious freedom in Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Tur-key, Russia, and Ukraine, including govern-ment authorities of Russia or persons ap-pointed by the Government of the Russian Federation effectively governing or other-wise exercising control of occupied Crimea, Ukraine, and Government of the Russian Federation-led separatist forces in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, and in-cluding officials, agents, or others acting on behalf of the Government of Turkey respon-sible for the wrongful detention of Pastor Andrew Brunson, actions authorized by the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.), the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note), or other applicable laws. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 39—COMMEMORATING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF LOCK-HEED MARTIN SKUNK WORKS AND THE SIGNIFICANT CON-TRIBUTIONS OF THE SKUNK WORKS TO THE NATIONAL SECU-RITY OF THE UNITED STATES Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted the fol-lowing concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. C ON. RES. 39 Whereas Lockheed Martin is known for building many of the finest military aircraft in the world; Whereas the Palmdale, California location of Lockheed Martin is headquarters to the Advanced Development Programs group of the company, which is widely known as the ‘‘Skunk Works’’; Whereas the name the ‘‘Skonk Works’’— (1) came from ‘‘Li’l Abner,’’ a satirical comic strip by Al Capp that was immensely popular in the 1940s and 1950s; (2) in 1943, was first used in reference to the Advanced Development Programs group when the Department of the Navy attempted to establish a conference call connection and was mistakenly transferred to the XP–80 pro-gram of the Advanced Development Pro-grams group, which due to classification could not to be identified when the call was answered, and a member of the Advanced De-velopment Programs group instead answered the call by saying, ‘‘Skonk Works,’’ in ref-erence to the location of the facility next to a malodorous plastics factory in Burbank, California; and (3) would later become the name that is used for the Advanced Development Pro-grams group today, the ‘‘Skunk Works’’; Whereas the founding father of the Skunk Works was Clarence L. ‘‘Kelly’’ Johnson; Whereas, in June 1943, Kelly Johnson and the Skunk Works team designed and deliv-ered the XP–80, which became the P–80, the very first operational fighter jet of the United States, in only 143 days; Whereas the XP–80 program set the stand-ard for super-secret, high priority, rapid exe-cution projects performed on a minimal budget; Whereas, on August 1, 1955, the Skunk Works first flew the U–2 spy plane with the intention of operating over the Soviet Union and photographing sites of strategic interest; Whereas the U–2 became one of the most important intelligence tools during the Cold War and continues to be a critical intel-ligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance asset for the United States military; Whereas, in 1964, the Skunk Works first flew the SR–71 ‘‘Blackbird,’’ which is the reigning world record holder for speed over a straight course at 2,193.167 miles per hour and served the United States Air Force from 1966 until 1998; Whereas, in 1964, the Skunk Works flew the first-ever high-altitude unmanned aerial ve-hicle, the D–21, which was launched from an SR–71; Whereas, in 1976, the Skunk Works began production of a stealth fighter named ‘‘Have Blue,’’ which went on to become the F–117, the first operational stealth aircraft; Whereas, during the entirety of the Cold War, the Skunk Works was located in Bur-bank, California; Whereas, after 1989, Lockheed relocated the Skunk Works to Site 10 at United States Air Force Plant 42 in Palmdale, California, where the Skunk Works remains in oper-ation today with more than 2,700 employees; Whereas the Skunk Works, in partnership with Edwards Air Force Base, has developed and tested aircraft including the U–2, the SR–71, the F–117, the YF–22, and the X–35, as well as other classified projects, in Antelope Valley, California; Whereas, in 2008, the Skunk Works became the only aerospace company ever to receive the highest national honor for technological achievement, the National Medal of Tech-nology and Innovation; Whereas, the Skunk Works was awarded a Collier Trophy, the most prestigious award in aviation in the United States— (1) in 1958, for the F–104; (2) in 1963, for the A–11; (3) in 1989, for the F–117A; (4) in 1998, for the U–2S/ER–2; (5) in 2002, for the Joint Strike Fighter (JSF)/X–35; (6) in 2006, for the F–22; and (7) in 2013, for the X–47B; and Whereas, today, the Skunk Works designs, develops, and rapidly produces advanced manned and unmanned technologies, serving both military and commercial concerns: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) recognizes— (A) the tremendous accomplishments of the men and women of Lockheed Martin Skunk Works on the 75th anniversary of the establishment of the Skunk Works during World War II; and (B) the indisputable contributions of the aircraft designed, developed, and produced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.041 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3607 June 11, 2018 
by the Skunk Works to the national security of the United States over the last 75 years; and (2) encourages continued invention, inno-vation, and development of advanced tech-nologies by the Skunk Works for the United States Government, allies of the United States, and commercial partners into the foreseeable future. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2579. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2580. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2581. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2582. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2583. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2584. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2585. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2586. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2587. Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , and Mrs. F
ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2588. Mr. ENZI submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2589. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2590. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. C OONS , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. W AR-
NER) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2591. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2592. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2593. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Ms. CORTEZ MASTO ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2594. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2595. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2596. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2597. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2598. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2599. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2600. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2601. Mr. INHOFE (for Mr. M
CCAIN) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2602. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2603. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2604. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2605. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2606. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2607. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2608. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2609. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. MCCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2610. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2611. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2612. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. W
ICKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2613. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2614. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2615. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2616. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2617. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2618. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2619. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2620. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2621. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2622. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2623. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2624. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2625. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.050 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3608 June 11, 2018 
SA 2626. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2627. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2628. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2629. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2630. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , and Mr. J ONES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2631. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2632. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2633. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2634. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2635. Mr. COONS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2636. Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2637. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2638. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2639. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2640. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2641. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2642. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2643. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2644. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2645. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2646. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2647. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2648. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2649. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2650. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2651. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2652. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2653. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2654. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2655. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2656. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2657. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2658. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2659. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2660. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. L
EAHY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2661. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2326 submitted by Mr. T
ESTER and in- tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2662. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2663. Mr. KING submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2664. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2665. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2666. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2667. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2668. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2669. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2670. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2671. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.043 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3609 June 11, 2018 
(for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2672. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2673. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2674. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2675. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2676. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. U DALL , and Mrs. M URRAY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2677. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2678. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2679. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2680. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2681. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2682. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2683. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2684. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , and Mrs. M CCASKILL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2685. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2686. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. MURRAY , and Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2687. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2688. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2689. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2690. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2691. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2692. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2693. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2694. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2695. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. D AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2696. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2697. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2698. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2699. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. J
OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2700. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. T
OOMEY  (for himself, Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. J
OHNSON , and Mr. K ENNEDY )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra. SA 2701. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2702. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2703. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2704. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2705. Mrs. HYDE–SMITH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2706. Mr. BURR submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2707. Mr. BURR submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2708. Mr. BURR submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2709. Mr. BURR submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2710. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2711. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2712. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2713. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2714. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2715. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2716. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2717. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.044 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3610 June 11, 2018 
(for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2718. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2719. Mr. KAINE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2720. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2721. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2722. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2723. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2724. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2725. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. C
RAPO , and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2726. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. C
RAPO , and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2727. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2728. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2729. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2730. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2731. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2732. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2733. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2734. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2735. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2736. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2737. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2738. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2739. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2740. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2741. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2742. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2743. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2744. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2745. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2746. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2747. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2748. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2749. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2750. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2751. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2752. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2753. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2754. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2755. Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. T
HUNE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2756. Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) proposed an amendment to amend-ment SA 2700 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. T
OOMEY (for himself, Mr. C ORKER , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. K ENNEDY )) to the amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra. SA 2757. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2758. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2759. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mrs. E RNST , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2760. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2761. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Mr. S CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2762. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2763. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2764. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.045 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3611 June 11, 2018 
amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2765. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. W
YDEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2766. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. S CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2767. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2768. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2769. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2770. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Mr. Durbin to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2771. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2772. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH  (for herself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. E RNST , and Mr. G
RASSLEY )) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2773. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2774. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2775. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2776. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2777. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2778. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2779. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2780. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. D
URBIN , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2781. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2782. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2783. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Mr. R ISCH) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2579. Mr. RISCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. DUTIES OF SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOP-MENT CENTER COUNSELORS. 
(a) C YBER TRAINING .—Section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) C
YBER STRATEGY TRAINING FOR SMALL  B
USINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘cyber strategy’ means re-sources and tactics to assist in planning for cybersecurity and defending against cyber risks and attacks; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘lead small business develop-ment center’ means a small business devel-opment center that has received a grant from the Administration. ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION PROGRAM .—The Admin-istrator shall establish a cyber counseling program, or designate an existing program, under which the Administrator may certify the employees of lead small business devel-opment centers in providing cyber planning assistance to small business concerns. ‘‘(3) N
UMBER OF CERTIFIED EMPLOYEES .— The Administrator shall ensure that the number of employees of each lead small busi-ness development center who are certified in providing cyber assistance is not less than the lesser of— ‘‘(A) 5; or ‘‘(B) 10 percent of the total number of em-ployees of the lead small business develop-ment center. ‘‘(4) C
YBER STRATEGY .—In carrying out paragraph (2), the Administrator, to the ex-tent practicable, shall consider any cyber strategy methods included in the Small Business Development Center Cyber Strat-egy developed under section 1841(a)(3)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2662). ‘‘(5) REIMBURSEMENT FOR CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Administrator shall reimburse a lead small business devel-opment center for costs relating to the cer-tification of an employee of the lead small business center in providing cyber planning assistance under the program established under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The total amount reim-bursed by the Administrator under subpara-graph (A) may not exceed $350,000 in any fis-cal year.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Small Business Ad-ministration shall implement paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of section 21(o) of the Small Busi-ness Act, as added by subsection (a). 
SA 2580. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. SCORE PROGRAM. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 20 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-section (f); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) SCORE P
ROGRAM .—There are author-ized to be appropriated to the Administrator to carry out the SCORE program authorized by section 8(b)(1) such sums as are necessary for the Administrator to make grants or enter into cooperative agreements in a total amount that does not exceed $13,500,000 in each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 8 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘a Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE)’’ and inserting ‘‘the SCORE pro-gram described in subsection (c)’’; and (B) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) SCORE P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘SCORE program’ means the SCORE program authorized by subsection (b)(1)(B). ‘‘(2) V
OLUNTEERS .—A volunteer partici-pating in the SCORE program shall— ‘‘(A) based on the business experience and knowledge of the volunteer— ‘‘(i) provide at no cost to individuals who own, or aspire to own, small business con-cerns personal counseling, mentoring, and coaching relating to the process of starting, expanding, managing, buying, and selling a business; and ‘‘(ii) facilitate low-cost education work-shops for individuals who own, or aspire to own, small business concerns; and ‘‘(B) as appropriate, use tools, resources, and expertise of other organizations to carry out the SCORE program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.046 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3612 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(3) P LANS AND GOALS .—The Adminis-trator, in consultation with the SCORE As-sociation, shall ensure that the SCORE pro-gram and each chapter of the SCORE pro-gram develop and implement plans and goals to more effectively and efficiently provide services to individuals in rural areas, eco-nomically disadvantaged communities, and other traditionally underserved commu-nities, including plans for electronic initia-tives, web-based initiatives, chapter expan-sion, partnerships, and the development of new skills by volunteers participating in the SCORE program. ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The SCORE Associa-tion shall submit to the Administrator an annual report that contains— ‘‘(A) the number of individuals counseled or trained under the SCORE program; ‘‘(B) the number of hours of counseling provided under the SCORE program; and ‘‘(C) to the extent possible— ‘‘(i) the number of small business concerns formed with assistance from the SCORE pro-gram; ‘‘(ii) the number of small business concerns expanded with assistance from the SCORE program; and ‘‘(iii) the number of jobs created with as-sistance from the SCORE program. ‘‘(5) P
RIVACY REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Neither the Adminis-trator nor the SCORE Association may dis-close the name, address, or telephone num-ber of any individual or small business con-cern receiving assistance from the SCORE Association without the consent of such in-dividual or small business concern, unless— ‘‘(i) the Administrator is ordered to make such a disclosure by a court in any civil or criminal enforcement action initiated by a Federal or State agency; or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator determines such a disclosure to be necessary for the purpose of conducting a financial audit of the SCORE program, in which case disclosure shall be limited to the information necessary for the audit. ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATOR USE OF INFORMATION .— This paragraph shall not— ‘‘(i) restrict the access of the Adminis-trator to program activity data; or ‘‘(ii) prevent the Administrator from using client information to conduct client surveys. ‘‘(C) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall issue regulations to establish standards for— ‘‘(I) disclosures with respect to financial audits under subparagraph (A)(ii); and ‘‘(II) conducting client surveys, including standards for oversight of the surveys and for dissemination and use of client informa-tion. ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM PRIVACY PROTECTION .—The regulations issued under this subparagraph shall, to the extent practicable, provide for the maximum amount of privacy protec-tion.’’. (2) O
FFSET .—In carrying out the Entrepre-neurship Education Program during each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021, the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Administration may not obligate more than $7,000,000. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) S
MALL BUSINESS ACT .—The Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 7(m)(3)(A)(i)(VIII) (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(3)(A)(i)(VIII)), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (B) in section 22 (15 U.S.C. 649)— (i) in subsection (b)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (II) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (ii) in subsection (c)(12), by striking ‘‘Serv-ice Corps of Retired Executives’’ and insert-ing ‘‘SCORE program’’. (2) OTHER LAWS .— (A) Section 621 of the Children’s Health In-surance Program Reauthorization Act of 2009 (15 U.S.C. 657p) is amended— (i) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) the term ‘SCORE program’ means the SCORE program authorized by section 8(b)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(1)(B));’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)(4)(A)(iv), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’. (B) Section 337(d)(2)(A) of the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6307(d)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Serv-ice Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE)’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’. 
SA 2581. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT EXTENSIONS AND REPORTING COMPLIANCE; PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (cc), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; (2) in subsection (gg)(7), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; (3) in subsection (jj)(7), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; (4) in subsection (mm)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; (B) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (J), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) funding for improvements that in-crease commonality across data systems, re-duce redundancy, and improve data over-sight and accuracy.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(tt) O
UTSTANDING REPORTS AND EVALUA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 30, 2019, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate, the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives— ‘‘(A) each report, evaluation, or analysis, as applicable, described in subsection (b)(7), (g)(9), (o)(10), (y)(6)(C), (gg)(6), (jj)(6), and (mm)(6); and ‘‘(B) metrics regarding, and an evaluation of, the authority provided to the National Institutes of Health, the Department of De-fense, and the Department of Education under subsection (cc). ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED .—Not later than December 31, 2018, the head of each agency that is responsible for carrying out a provision described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) shall submit to the Ad-ministrator any information that is nec-essary for the Administrator to carry out the responsibilities of the Administrator under that paragraph.’’. SA 2582. Mr. RISCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. ENHANCED CYBERSECURITY ASSIST-ANCE AND PROTECTIONS FOR SMALL BUSINESSES. 
Section 21(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) S
MALL BUSINESS CYBERSECURITY AS -
SISTANCE AND PROTECTIONS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT OF SMALL BUSINESS  
CYBERSECURITY ASSISTANCE UNITS .—The Ad- ministrator, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Commerce, and in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General, shall establish— ‘‘(i) in the Administration, a central small business cybersecurity assistance unit; and ‘‘(ii) within each small business develop-ment center, a regional small business cy-bersecurity assistance unit. ‘‘(B) D
UTIES OF THE CENTRAL SMALL BUSI -
NESS CYBERSECURITY ASSISTANCE UNIT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The central small busi-ness cybersecurity assistance unit estab-lished under subparagraph (A)(i) shall serve as the primary interface for small business concerns to receive and share cyber threat indicators and defensive measures with the Federal Government. ‘‘(ii) U
SE OF CAPABILITY AND PROCESS .—The central small business cybersecurity assist-ance unit shall use the capability and proc-ess certified pursuant to section 105(c)(2)(A) of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1504(c)(2)(A)) to receive cyber threat indicators or defensive meas-ures from small business concerns. ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION OF CISA .—A small busi-ness concern that receives or shares cyber threat indicators and defensive measures with the Federal Government through the central small business cybersecurity assist-ance unit established under subparagraph (A)(i), or with any appropriate entity pursu-ant to section 104(c) of the Cybersecurity In-formation Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1503(c)), shall receive the protections and ex-emptions provided in such Act and this para-graph. ‘‘(C) R
ELATION TO NCCIC .— ‘‘(i) C
ENTRAL SMALL BUSINESS CYBERSECU -
RITY ASSISTANCE UNIT .—The central small business cybersecurity assistance unit estab-lished under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be col-located with the national cybersecurity and communications integration center. ‘‘(ii) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The na- tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center shall have access to all cyber threat indicators or defensive meas-ures shared with the central small cyberse-curity assistance unit established under sub-paragraph (A)(i) through the use of the capa-bility and process described in subparagraph (B)(ii). ‘‘(D) C
YBERSECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL  
BUSINESSES .—The central small business cy-bersecurity assistance unit established under subparagraph (A)(i) shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.053 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3613 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(i) work with each regional small business cybersecurity assistance unit established under subparagraph (A)(ii) to provide cyber-security assistance to small business con-cerns; ‘‘(ii) leverage resources from the Adminis-tration, the Department of Commerce, the Department of Homeland Security, the De-partment of Justice, the Department of the Treasury, the Department of State, and any other Federal department or agency the Ad-ministrator determines appropriate, in order to help improve the cybersecurity posture of small business concerns; ‘‘(iii) coordinate with the Department of Homeland Security to identify and dissemi-nate information to small business concerns in a form that is accessible and actionable by small business concerns; ‘‘(iv) coordinate with the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology to identify and disseminate information to small busi-ness concerns on the most cost-effective methods for implementing elements of the cybersecurity framework of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology applica-ble to improving the cybersecurity posture of small business concerns; ‘‘(v) seek input from the Office of Advo-cacy of the Administration to ensure that any policies or procedures adopted by any department, agency, or instrumentality of the Federal Government do not unduly add regulatory burdens to small business con-cerns in a manner that will hamper the im-provement of the cybersecurity posture of those small business concerns; and ‘‘(vi) leverage resources and relationships with representatives and entities involved in the national cybersecurity and communica-tions integration center to publicize the ca-pacity of the Federal Government to assist small business concerns in improving cyber-security practices. ‘‘(E) E
NHANCED CYBERSECURITY PROTEC -
TIONS FOR SMALL BUSINESSES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no cause of action shall lie or be maintained in any court against any small business concern, and such action shall be promptly dismissed, if such action is related to or arises out of— ‘‘(I) any activity authorized under this paragraph or the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.); or ‘‘(II) any action or inaction in response to any cyber threat indicator, defensive meas-ure, or other information shared or received pursuant to this paragraph or the Cybersecu-rity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.). ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATION .—The exception provided in section 105(d)(5)(D)(ii)(I) of the Cybersecu-rity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1504(d)(5)(D)(ii)(I)) shall not apply to any cyber threat indicator or defensive measure shared or received by small business concerns pursuant to this paragraph or the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.). ‘‘(iii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed to af-fect the applicability or merits of any de-fense, motion, or argument in any cause of action in a court brought against an entity that is not a small business concern. ‘‘(F) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) CISA 
DEFINITIONS .—The terms ‘cyber threat indicator’ and ‘defensive measure’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 102 of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501). ‘‘(ii) N
ATIONAL CYBERSECURITY AND COMMU -
NICATIONS INTEGRATION CENTER .—The term ‘national cybersecurity and communications integration center’ means the national cy-bersecurity and communications integration center established under section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148).’’. (a) PROHIBITION ON NEWAPPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section and the amendments made by this section. (2) E
XISTING FUNDING .—This section and the amendments made by this section shall be carried out using amounts made available under section 21(a)(4)(C)(viii) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(4)(C)(viii)). (3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 21(a)(4)(C)(viii) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(4)(C)(viii)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(viii) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(I) C
YBERSECURITY ASSISTANCE .—From the funds appropriated pursuant to clause (vii), the Administration shall reserve not less than $1,000,000 in each fiscal year to develop cybersecurity assistance units at small busi-ness development centers under paragraph (9). ‘‘(II) P
ORTABLE ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Any funds appropriated pursuant to clause (vii) that are remaining after reserving amounts under subclause (I) may be used for portable assistance for start-up and sustainability non-matching grant programs to be conducted by eligible small business development centers in commu-nities that are economically challenged as a result of a business or government facility down sizing or closing, which has resulted in the loss of jobs or small business instability. ‘‘(bb) G
RANT AMOUNT AND USE .—A non- matching grant under this clause shall not exceed $100,000, and shall be used for small business development center personnel ex-penses and related small business programs and services.’’. 
SA 2583. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. DISCLOSURE TO INVESTORS OF FAIL-URE OF ACCOUNTING FIRMS TO COMPLY WITH PCAOB REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Board’’ means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board estab-lished under section 101 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7211); (2) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Se-curities and Exchange Commission; (3) the term ‘‘covered issuer’’ means a for-eign issuer that is listed on a national secu-rities exchange; (4) the term ‘‘Form 10–K’’ means the form described in section 249.310 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regu-lation; (5) the term ‘‘Form 10–Q’’ means the form described in section 249.308a of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor reg-ulation; (6) the term ‘‘Form 20–F’’ means the form described in section 249.220f of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor reg-ulation; (7) the term ‘‘issuer’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(a) of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)); and (8) the term ‘‘registered public accounting firm’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7201(a)). (b) DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If a registered public ac-counting firm that prepares or issues an audit report for a covered issuer fails to pro-vide the Board with any documentation re-quested by the Board with respect to that preparation or issuance, as applicable— (A) the Board shall notify the Commission with respect to that failure of the registered public accounting firm; (B) upon receipt of the notification from the Board under subparagraph (A), the Com-mission shall notify the covered issuer— (i) with respect to that failure of the reg-istered public accounting firm; and (ii) subject to paragraph (2) and subsection (c), that the covered issuer shall, in any re-quired public disclosure document, including Form 20–F, Form 10–K, any proxy materials, and Form 10–Q, notify investors regarding that failure of the registered public account-ing firm; and (C) after the date on which the registered public accounting firm provides the Board with the documentation requested by the Board— (i) the Board shall notify the Commission that the registered public accounting firm has complied with the request of the Board; and (ii) upon receipt of the notification from the Board under clause (i), the Commission shall notify the covered issuer that the reg-istered public accounting firm has complied with the request of the Board. (2) P
ERIOD OF APPLICABILITY .—The require-ment under paragraph (1)(B)(ii) with respect to a covered issuer shall apply during the pe-riod beginning on the date on which the cov-ered issuer receives notice from the Commis-sion under paragraph (1)(B)(i) and ending on the date on which the covered issuer receives notice from the Commission under paragraph (1)(C)(ii). (c) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission, in consultation with the Board, shall promulgate a rule that, with respect to a covered issuer that is subject to the notifi-cation requirement under subsection (b)(1)(B)(ii), directs the covered issuer re-garding— (1) in which materials, in addition to the materials described in that subsection, the covered issuer is required to provide the no-tification; and (2) the information that the covered issuer is required to provide with respect to each such notification. 
SA 2584. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1052. REPORT ON MODERNIZATION OF LIGHT INFANTRY COMBAT FORCES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Jan-uary 31, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall, in consultation with the Commandant of the Marine Corps, submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.053 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3614 June 11, 2018 
strategy of the Department of Defense for modernizing and upgrading weapon systems, armor, and equipment for light infantry combat forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include description of the following in connection with the strategy de-scribed in that subsection: (1) Investments to upgrade weapon systems designed to support light infantry combat units, including to reduce the weight of weapons, munitions, and ammunition carried by such forces. (2) Initiatives to upgrade or improve equip-ment and armor technology for soldier sys-tems, including to improve mobile power generation technologies. (3) Initiatives to upgrade ground vehicle platforms designed to transport light infan-try combat forces. (c) S
TRATEGIC PLANNING .—The report under subsection (a) shall include strategic plan-ning to do the following: (1) Improve the lethality of light infantry combat units at the small unit level, focused on the current and potential threat environ-ments as determined the Secretary. (2) Invest in research, development, and prototyping of technologies designed to re-duce the amount of time close combat infan-try forces spend on non-combat related tasks while in a combat zone, including invest-ments in technologies that aid units in re-ducing the time and personnel required to construct defensive positions. (d) U
NCLASSIFIED FORM.—The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form. 
SA 2585. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 111. 
SA 2586. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE COM-PONENT EQUIPMENT REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 10541(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) An assessment by the Secretary of the Army, in coordination with the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, on the efforts of the Army to address any inventory or readi-ness shortfalls in the Army Reserve and the Army National Guard with respect to high priority items of equipment, including— ‘‘(A) AH–64 Attack Helicopters; ‘‘(B) UH–60 Black Hawk Utility Heli-copters; ‘‘(C) Abrams Main Battle Tanks; ‘‘(D) Bradley Infantry Fighting Vehicles; ‘‘(E) Stryker Combat Vehicles; and ‘‘(F) any other items of equipment identi-fied as high priority by the Chief of Staff of the Army or the Chief of the National Guard Bureau.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to reports required to be submitted under section 10541 of title 10, United States Code, after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2587. Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , and Mrs. F ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. PROMPT PAYMENTS OF SMALL BUSI-NESS CONTRACTORS OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 2307(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (2) by striking ‘‘The head of any agency may—’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The head of any agency may’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) For a prime contractor (as defined in section 8701 of title 41) that is a small business concern (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)), the Secretary of Defense shall, to the fullest ex-tent permitted by law, establish an acceler-ated payment date with a goal of 20 days after receipt of a proper invoice for the amount due if a specific payment date is not established by contract. ‘‘(B) For a prime contractor that sub-contracts with a small business concern, the Secretary of Defense shall, to the fullest ex-tent permitted by law, establish an acceler-ated payment date with a goal of 20 days after receipt of a proper invoice for the amount due if— ‘‘(i) a specific payment date is not estab-lished by contract; and ‘‘(ii) the prime contractor agrees to make payments to the subcontractor in accordance with the accelerated payment date, to the maximum extent practicable, without any further consideration from or fees charged to the subcontractor. ‘‘(C) For a prime contractor that sub-contracts with a small business concern, the Secretary of Defense may, to the fullest ex-tent permitted by law, establish incentives to promote the accelerated payments to the subcontractor in accordance with the accel-erated payment date.’’. 
SA 2588. Mr. ENZI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. 2282. REPORT ON DEFENSE SECURITY CO-OPERATION AGENCY MANAGEMENT OF FOREIGN MILITARY SALES OVER-HEAD ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Security Cooperation shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on Defense Security Cooperation Agen-cy management of Foreign Military Sales (FMS) overhead accounts. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An analysis of the appropriate upper limit for administrative and contract admin-istration services (CAS) accounts. (2) An assessment of the amounts available for transfer above the safety level in the ad-ministrative and CAS accounts. (3) An assessment and prioritization of ac-tivities or programs that could improve the efficiency of the FMS process, including in-creased training for or expansion of the FMS workforce, using such funds available for transfer. (4) A description of the total workforce re-quirements necessary to manage the Foreign Military Sales process, including Federal ci-vilians, members of the Armed Forces, and contractor full time equivalents (FTEs). (5) Information on how much each compo-nent costs per year, which shall be included in congressional budget justification docu-ments. (6) An examination of whether an increased diversity of FMS administrative and CAS fee type and size might better align with the preferences of different buyers. (7) A comparison of how the analysis used to generate safety levels for the administra-tive and CAS accounts is different from best practices used to generate safety levels for other Federal trust funds of similar type and size. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on the Budget of the Sen-ate; and (3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2589. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.052 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3615 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 896. ADVANCED HELICOPTER TRAINING SYS-TEM. 
In developing the requirements for the Navy’s Advanced Helicopter Training Sys-tem, the Secretary of the Navy shall take into consideration— (1) the projected cost and schedule impacts of any development or non-developmental in-tegration requirements; (2) the level to which the new training sys-tem will enhance the transition to current Navy advance aircraft and any next genera-tion Future Vertical Lift aircraft tech-nologies and capabilities; (3) the efficiencies and cost benefits pro-vided by the capability to replicate advanced training tasks on a primary trainer; (4) the safety, efficiency, and quality bene-fits of a training aircraft with flight and cockpit characteristics that are representa-tive of the more complex fleet helicopters; and (5) the trends and best practices learned by other United States and international mili-tary training programs. 
SA 2590. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. C OONS , Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON AIRPORTS USED BY MAHAN AIR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2021, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Transpor-tation, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to Congress a re-port that includes— (1) a list of all airports at which aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air have land-ed during the 2 years preceding the submis-sion of the report; and (2) for each such airport— (A) an assessment of whether aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air continue to conduct operations at that airport; (B) an assessment of whether any of the landings of aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air were necessitated by an emer-gency situation; (C) a determination regarding whether ad-ditional security measures should be im-posed on flights to the United States that originate from that airport; and (D) an explanation of the rationale for that determination. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) P
UBLICATION OF LIST.—The list required by subsection (a)(1) shall be publicly and prominently posted on the website of the De-partment of Homeland Security on the date on which the report required by subsection (a) is submitted to Congress. 
SA 2591. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. ACADEMIC COUNTER EXPLOITATION WORKING GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense and the Director of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation, in consultation with the Direc-tor of the Defense Security Service and the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall estab-lish a working group to develop best prac-tices and provide guidelines for tier I re-search institutions of higher education— (A) to identify threats to sensitive re-search and technology from foreign nation-als who study, research, or teach at such in-stitutions; (B) to limit or prohibit access to such re-search and technology by such foreign na-tionals; and (C) to prevent the unlawful transfer of such research and technology to such foreign na-tionals. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The working group es-tablished under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘Academic Counter Exploitation Working Group’’ (in this section the ‘‘Work-ing Group’’). (b) C
OMPOSITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Working Group shall be composed of the following: (A) The Secretary of Defense. (B) The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (C) The chief research security officers and chief information security officers from such tier I research institutions of higher learning as the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall select for purposes of this section. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In selecting research institutions of higher education under this subsection, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall jointly select institutions of higher education that the Secretaries determine demonstrate a record of excellence in industrial security and counterintelligence in academia and in research and development. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Working Group shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on the activities of the Working Group. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the activities con-ducted and the progress made by the Work-ing Group. (B) The findings of the Working Group. (C) Such recommendations as the Working Group may have for legislative or adminis-trative action. (D) Identification and discussion of the gaps in legal authorities that need to be im-prove to enhance the security of tier I re-search institutions of higher education. (E) A description of the actions taken by such institutions to comply with the best practices and guidelines established by the Working Group. (3) F
ORM.—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in classified form. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘institution of higher edu-cation’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). (3) The term ‘‘tier I’’ with respect to an in-stitution of higher education means the in-stitution of higher education has the highest research activity, as defined by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Edu-cation. SA 2592. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. INVESTMENT OF ASSETS OF JAMES MADISON MEMORIAL FELLOWSHIP TRUST FUND. 
Subsection (b) of section 811 of the James Madison Memorial Fellowship Act (20 U.S.C. 4510) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b)(1) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to invest in full the amounts appropriated to the fund. ‘‘(2) Subject to paragraph (3), investments of amounts appropriated to the fund shall be made in public debt securities of the United States with maturities suitable to the fund. For such purpose, such obligations may be acquired (A) on original issue at the issue price, or (B) by purchase of outstanding obli-gations at the market price. The purposes for which obligations of the United States may be issued under chapter 31 of title 31, United States Code, are hereby extended to authorize the issuance at par of special obli-gations exclusively to the fund. Such special obligations shall bear interest at a rate equal to the average rate of interest, com-puted as to the end of the calendar month next preceding the date of such issue, borne by all marketable interest-bearing obliga-tions of the United States then forming a part of the public debt, except that where such average rate is not a multiple of 
1⁄8of 1 percent, the rate of interest of such special obligations shall be the multiple of 
1⁄8of 1 percent next lower than such average rate. Such special obligations shall be issued only if the Secretary determines that the pur-chases of other interest-bearing obligations of the United States, or of obligations guar-anteed as to both principal and interest by the United States or original issue or at the market price, is not in the public interest. ‘‘(3)(A) Notwithstanding paragraph (2), upon receiving a determination of the Board described in subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall invest up to 40 percent of the fund’s as-sets in securities other than public debt se-curities of the United States, provided that the securities are traded in established United States markets. ‘‘(B) A determination described in this sub-paragraph is a determination by the Board that investments as described in subpara-graph (A) are necessary to enable the Foun-dation to carry out the purposes of this title without any diminution of the number of fel-lowships provided under section 804. ‘‘(C) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit the authority of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.056 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3616 June 11, 2018 
Board to increase the number of fellowships provided under section 804, or to increase the amount of the fellowship authorized by sec-tion 809, as the Board considers appropriate and is otherwise consistent with the require-ments of this title.’’. 
SA 2593. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 340. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO A CON-TRACT FOR CONTRACTED ADVER-SARY AIR AND CONTRACTED CLOSE AIR SUPPORT. 
In accordance with section 2401 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretaries of the military departments are authorized to enter into long-term contracts for contracted Ad-versary Air and Contracted Close Air Sup-port to provide for the training of military personnel. The notification and certification requirements of subsection (b) of such sec-tion do not apply to contracted Adversary Air and Contracted Close Air Support train-ing services authorized under this section. This section shall be effective beginning with fiscal year 2019. 
SA 2594. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1052. ANNUAL REPORTS ON DISPOSITION OF FELONY OFFENSES COMMITTED BY JUVENILES ON MILITARY INSTALLA-TIONS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than March 31 each year, each Secretary concerned shall submit to Congress a report on the disposition of alleged felony offenses committed by juveniles on military installa-tions under the control of such Secretary, in-cluding installations in foreign countries, during the previous calendar year. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under this sec-tion shall include, for the calendar year cov-ered by such report, a list of the alleged fel-ony offenses committed by juveniles on mili-tary installations under the control of the Secretary, aggregated by installation, and with the information for each alleged offense as follows: (1) Nature of the alleged offense. (2) Age and other appropriate data on the alleged offender, including the connection, if any, of the alleged offender to the Armed Forces. (3) Age and other appropriate data on each victim, including the connection, if any, of such victim to the Armed Forces. (4) Results of the investigation, if any, of the alleged offense by any military, Federal, State, or local law enforcement or criminal investigation organization. (5) If as a result of an investigation as de-scribed in paragraph (4), a determination was made not to recommend the bringing of charges against the alleged offender, whether to a Federal prosecutor or the prosecutor of a State, Commonwealth, territory, or posses-sion, the justification for such determina-tion. (6) If as a result of an investigation as de-scribed in paragraph (4), a determination was made to recommend the bringing of charges against the alleged offender to a prosecutor of a State, Commonwealth, territory, or pos-session, and such prosecutor declined to bring charges, the justification for lack of prosecution. (7) If as a result of an investigation as de-scribed in paragraph (4), a determination was made to recommend the bringing of charges against the alleged offender to a Federal prosecutor, whether or not the prosecutor subsequently met with the victim or victims as provided for in section 3771 of title 18, United States Code. (8) If a Federal prosecutor declined to bring charges against the alleged offender despite a recommendation for such charges as de-scribed in paragraph (7), the justification for lack of prosecution. (c) COORDINATION WITH ATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL .—The Attorney General shall take ap-propriate actions to ensure that information on actions of Federal prosecutors that is re-quired for purposes of paragraphs (7) and (8) of subsection (b) is submitted promptly to the Secretaries concerned for inclusion in the reports required by subsection (a). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘felony offense’’ means an of-fense punishable by a maximum term of im-prisonment of more than one year. (2) The term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 2595. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. BARRING CITIZENS OF IRAN FROM SEEKING EDUCATION RELATING TO THE NUCLEAR AND ENERGY SEC-TORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 501(a) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syrian Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8771(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) V
ISA DENIAL .—The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien who is a citizen of Iran if the Secretary of State determines that such alien seeks to enter the United States to participate in coursework at an in-stitution of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) to prepare the alien for a career in— ‘‘(A) the energy sector of Iran; or ‘‘(B) nuclear science, nuclear engineering, or a related field in Iran. ‘‘(2) S
TATUS TERMINATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall terminate the status and work authorization, and revoke any petition of, any alien who is a citizen of Iran if the Secretary of Homeland Security determines such alien has changed his or her program or course of study after admission to the United States to a field that would prepare the alien for a career in the energy sector, nuclear science, nuclear engineering, or a related field in Iran. Any change, or at-tempted change, in a course of study prohib-ited under this paragraph constitutes a fail-ure to maintain nonimmigrant status under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.).’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to— (1) all visa applications filed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) the status of any alien who has been ad-mitted as a nonimmigrant academic, voca-tional, or exchange student under subpara-graph (F), (J), or (M) of section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)), before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2596. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 10llll. HISTORIC BATTLESHIP PRESER-VATION GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) H
ISTORIC BATTLESHIP .—The term ‘‘his-toric battleship’’ means a battleship that is— (A) not less than 75 and not more than 115 years old; (B) listed on the National Register of His-toric Places; and (C) located in the State for which the bat-tleship was named. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Department of the Interior a grant program for the preservation of his-toric battleships in the United States. (c) U
SE OF GRANTS .—Amounts received through grants under this section shall be used for the preservation of historic battle-ships in a manner that is self-sustaining and has an educational component. (d) C
RITERIA FOR ELIGIBILITY .—To be eligi-ble for a grant under this section, an entity shall— (1) submit an application to the Secretary in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary; (2) match the amount of the grant, on a 1- to-1 basis, with non-Federal assets from non- Federal sources, which may include cash or durable goods and materials fairly valued, as determined by the Secretary; (3) maintain any records that may be rea-sonably necessary to fully disclose— (A) the amount and the disposition of the proceeds of the grant; (B) the total cost of the project for which the grant was made; and (C) other records as may be required by the Secretary, including any records that would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.056 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3617 June 11, 2018 
facilitate an effective accounting for project funds; and (4) provide access to the Secretary for the purposes of any required audit and examina-tion of any books, documents, papers, and records of the entity. (e) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—The authority grant-ed by this section shall be in addition to, and shall not supersede or modify, the authority provided under division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code. (f) P
RIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No Federal funds made available to carry out this section may be used to acquire any land or any interest in land without the written consent of any own-ers of the land or interest in land. (2) N
O DESIGNATION .—The authority grant-ed by this section shall not constitute a Fed-eral designation or have any effect on the ownership of private property. (g) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority to make grants under this section expires on September 30, 2024. 
SA 2597. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12l. REPORT ON MILITARY INSTALLATION OF CHINA IN THE REPUBLIC OF DJIBOUTI. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: (1) An assessment of the impact of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China’s first overseas mili-tary installation in the Republic of Djibouti on the ability of the United States forces to operate in the region. (2) An assessment of China’s ability to ob-tain sensitive information and impact oper-ations conducted from Camp Lemmonier in Djibouti, the largest United States military installation on the African continent. (3) An assessment of the ability of the President of Djibouti to terminate by all methods, including by simple decree, the De-partment of Defense’s lease agreement gov-erning operation of Camp Lemmonier. (4) An assessment of the impact of the Chi-nese base in Djibouti on security and safety of United States personnel in Djibouti. (5) An assessment of the status of China’s compliance with the Protocol on Blinding Laser Weapons, which forbids the use of laser weapons for the purpose of blinding. (6) An assessment of the laser attack in Djibouti that injured United States airmen. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2598. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 323. REPORT ON DEPOT-LEVEL MAINTE-NANCE AND REPAIR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army, in consultation with the Chief of Staff of the Army, shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on labor hours and depot main-tenance. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An estimate of the amount of public and private funding of depot-level mainte-nance and repair (as defined in section 2460 of title 10, United State Code) for the Depart-ment of the Army, and any other command identified by the Secretary, expressed by commodity group by percentage and actual numbers in terms of dollars and direct labor hours. (2) Within each category of depot level maintenance and repair for each entities, the amount of the subset of depot maintenance workload that meets the description under section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, that is performed in the public and private sectors by direct labor hours and by dollars. (3) Of the subset referred to in paragraph (2), the amount of depot maintenance work-load performed in the public and private sec-tor by direct labor hour and by dollars for each entity that would otherwise be consid-ered core workload under section 2462 of title 10, United States Code, but is not considered core because a weapon system or equipment has not been declared a program of record. (4) An identification and description of depot level maintenance and repair workload occurring at each installation that is outside of the scope of what has been identified by the Secretary of the Army as a Center of In-dustrial and Technical Excellence under sec-tion 2474 of title 10, United States Code, and an assessment whether that workload should be occurring at another installation under such section. (5) The projections for the upcoming future years defense program. (6) A business case analysis on incor-porating the depot-level maintenance and re-pair requirements of the Department of Homeland Security and other Federal agen-cies into the organic industrial base. 
SA 2599. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XI, add the following: SEC. 1107. REPORT ON CURRENT AND ANTICI-PATED VACANCIES IN CIVILIAN PO-SITIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN ALASKA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force, submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on current and anticipated vacancies in civilian positions of the Department of Defense in Alaska. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of current vacancies in ci-vilian positions of the Department in Alas-ka, and an assessment of currently antici-pated vacancies in such positions. (2) An assessment of the current and an-ticipated timeliness and efficiency of the De-partment in filling vacancies in civilian posi-tions of the Department in Alaska, including with respect to the following: (A) Positions in connection with new mis-sions in Alaska. (B) Positions within components of the De-fense Health Agency. (3) A description of the authorities, if any, available to the Department to accelerate the recruitment, assessment, and employ-ment of candidates in civilian positions of the Department in Alaska, including so- called ‘‘direct hire authority’’. (4) A description and assessment of any im-pediments to the timely and efficient filling of vacancies in civilian positions of the De-partment in Alaska. (5) Such recommendations as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate for legisla-tive or administrative action to improve the timely and efficient filling of vacancies in ci-vilian positions of the Department in Alas-ka, including an expansion of so-called ‘‘di-rect hire authority’’ for that purpose. 
SA 2600. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. REPORT ON SUICIDE PREVENTION PRO-GRAMS AND ACTIVITIES FOR MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THEIR FAMILIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the programs and activities of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces for the prevention of suicide among members of the Armed Forces (including the reserve components) and their families. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the current programs and activities of the Department and the Armed Forces for the prevention of suicide among members of the Armed Forces and their families. (2) An assessment whether the programs and activities described pursuant to para-graph (1)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.060 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3618 June 11, 2018 
(A) are evidence-based and incorporate best practices identified in peer-reviewed medical literature; (B) are appropriately resourced; and (C) deliver outcomes that are appropriate relative to peer activities and programs (in-cluding those undertaken in the civilian community and in military forces of other countries). (3) A description and assessment of any im-pediments to the effectiveness of such pro-grams and activities. (4) Such recommendations as the Comp-troller General considers appropriate for im-provements to such programs and activities. (5) Such recommendations as the Comp-troller General considers appropriate for ad-ditional programs and activities for the pre-vention of suicide among members of the Armed Forces and their families. 
SA 2601. Mr. INHOFE (for Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 713. Strike section 1123. 
SA 2602. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1052. REPORT ON THE SEARCH AND RESCUE CAPABILITIES OF THE ARMED FORCES IN THE ARCTIC REGION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the capabili-ties of the Armed Forces (including the Coast Guard) as follows: (1) To conduct search and rescue activities in the Arctic Ocean, the Bering Sea, the Chukchi Sea, and the Beaufort Sea adjacent to the State of Alaska. (2) To support search and rescue activities in other areas of the Arctic Region in which such support may be required. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description and assessment of the current capabilities of the Armed Forces as described in subsection (a). (2) A description of current demand for search and rescue activities and support as described in subsection (a). (3) An assessment of the likely increase in demand for search and rescue activities and support as described in subsection (a) as a re-sult of increasing use of the waters of the Arctic Region for various activities, includ-ing shipping and tourism. (4) A description and assessment of the ex-tent to which the United States is prepared to rely upon partner nations to assist in con-ducting and supporting search and rescue ac-tivities in the Arctic Region. (5) The adequacy of plans, personnel, equip-ment, and infrastructure of the Armed Forces to conduct search and rescue and pro-vide support as described in subsection (a), including communications, vessels, rotary wing aircraft, fixed wing aircraft, training and equipment of personnel, and land sup-port infrastructure. (6) An assessment whether the current ca-pabilities of the Armed Forces as described in subsection (a) are sufficient to meet present and anticipated demand for such ca-pabilities, including demand that may result from one or more catastrophic incidents. (7) A description and assessment of any im-pediments to the effectiveness of the capa-bilities of the Armed Forces as described in subsection (a). (8) Such recommendations as the Comp-troller General considers appropriate for the improvement or expansion of United States capacity to conduct and support search and rescue activities in the Arctic Region. SA 2603. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle H—South China Sea and East China Sea Sanctions Act of 2018 
SEC. 1281. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘South China Sea and East China Sea Sanctions Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1282. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) According to the Asia-Pacific Maritime Security Strategy issued by the Department of Defense in August 2015, ‘‘Although the United States takes no position on com-peting sovereignty claims to land features in the region, all such claims must be based upon land (which in the case of islands means naturally formed areas of land that are above water at high tide), and all mari-time claims must derive from such land in accordance with international law.’’. (2) According to the annual report of the Department of Defense to Congress on the military power of the People’s Republic of China submitted in April 2016, ‘‘Throughout 2015, China continued to assert sovereignty claims over features in the East and South China Seas. In the East China Sea, China continued to use maritime law enforcement ships and aircraft to patrol near the Senkaku (Diaoyu) Islands in order to chal-lenge Japan’s claim. In the South China Sea, China paused its land reclamation effort in the Spratly Islands in late 2015 after adding more than 3,200 acres of land to the seven features it occupies in the archipelago. Al-though these artificial islands do not provide China with any additional territorial or mar-itime rights within the South China Sea, China will be able to use them as persistent civil-military bases to enhance its long-term presence in the South China Sea signifi-cantly.’’. (3) On May 30, 2015, at the Shangri-la Dia-logue of the International Institute for Stra-tegic Studies, Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter stated that ‘‘with its actions in the South China Sea, China is out of step with both the international rules and norms that underscore the Asia-Pacific’s security archi-tecture, and the regional consensus that fa-vors diplomacy and opposes coercion’’. (4) On July 24, 2015, Admiral Harry Harris, Jr., noted at a forum in Colorado that each year more than $5,300,000,000,000 in global sea-based trade passes through the South China Sea. (5) On June 4, 2016, at the Shangri-la Dia-logue, Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter stated: ‘‘[T]he United States will stand with regional partners to uphold core principles, like freedom of navigation and overflight and the peaceful resolution of disputes through legal means and in accordance with international law. As I affirmed here last year, and America’s Freedom of Navigation Operations in the South China Sea have demonstrated, the United States will con-tinue to fly, sail and operate wherever inter-national law allows, so that everyone in the region can do the same.’’. (6) On July 12, 2016, the Permanent Court of Arbitration’s Tribunal organized pursuant to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea issued its unanimous award in the arbitration instituted by Republic of the Philippines against the People’s Repub-lic of China. The Tribunal noted that its award is final and binding under that Con-vention. (7) Also according to the award, the Tri-bunal ‘‘concluded that, to the extent China had historical rights to resources in the waters of the South China Sea, such rights were extinguished to the extent they were incompatible with the exclusive economic zones provided for in the Convention. The Tribunal concluded that there was no legal basis for China to claim historic rights to re-sources within the sea areas falling within the ‘nine-dash line’.’’. (8) Also according to the award, the Tri-bunal ‘‘held that the Spratly Islands cannot generate maritime zones collectively as a unit. Having found that none of the features claimed by China was capable of generating an exclusive economic zone, the Tribunal found that it could—without delimiting a boundary—declare that certain sea areas are within the exclusive economic zone of the Philippines, because those areas are not overlapped by any possible entitlement of China.’’. (9) Also according to the award, the Tri-bunal ‘‘found that China had violated the Philippines’ sovereign rights in its exclusive economic zone by (a) interfering with Phil-ippine fishing and petroleum exploration, (b) constructing artificial islands and (c) failing to prevent Chinese fishermen from fishing in the zone. The Tribunal also held that fisher-men from the Philippines (like those from China) had traditional fishing rights at Scar-borough Shoal and that China had interfered with these rights in restricting access. The Tribunal further held that Chinese law en-forcement vessels had unlawfully created a serious risk of collision when they physically obstructed Philippine vessels.’’. (10) On July 12, 2016, the Ministry of For-eign Affairs of the People’s Republic of China issued a statement that China ‘‘de-clares that the [Tribunal] award is null and void and has no binding force. China neither accepts nor recognizes it. . . . China’s terri-torial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests in the South China Sea shall under no circumstances be affected by those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.059 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3619 June 11, 2018 
awards. China opposes and will never accept any claim or action based on those awards.’’. (11) On July 12, 2016, the Government of the People’s Republic of China issued the fifth statement in the name of that Government since 1979 that— (A) stated that the People’s Republic of China has sovereignty over the 4 rocks and shoals in the South China Sea; (B) claims internal waters, territorial seas, contiguous zones, one or more exclusive eco-nomic zones, and a continental shelf based on that sovereignty claim; and (C) continues to claim historic rights in the South China Sea. (12) On July 12, 2016, Assistant Secretary of State and Department of State Spokesperson John Kirby noted that the ‘‘United States strongly supports the rule of law. We support efforts to resolve territorial and maritime disputes in the South China Sea peacefully, including through arbitration. . . . we urge all claimants to avoid provocative state-ments or actions. This decision can and should serve as a new opportunity to renew efforts to address maritime disputes peace-fully.’’. (13) On July 13, 2016, the Vice Foreign Min-ister of the People’s Republic of China, Liu Zhenmin, said that declaring an air defense identification zone in the South China Sea would depend on the threat China faces and stated that ‘‘[i]f our security is threatened, we of course have the right to set it up’’. (14) On July 18, 2016, the People’s Libera-tion Army Air Force of the People’s Republic of China stated that it had conducted a ‘‘combat air patrol’’ over the South China Sea and that it would become ‘‘regular prac-tice’’ in the future. A spokesperson stated that the People’s Liberation Army Air Force ‘‘will firmly defend national sovereignty, se-curity and maritime interests, safeguard re-gional peace and stability, and cope with various threats and challenges’’. (15) On August 2, 2016, the Supreme Peo-ple’s Court of the People’s Republic of China issued a judicial interpretation that people caught illegally fishing in Chinese waters could be jailed for up to one year. (16) In the Agreement concerning the Ryu-kyu Islands and the Daito Islands with Re-lated Arrangements, signed at Washington and Tokyo June 17, 1971 (23 UST 446), be-tween the United States and Japan (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘Okinawa Rever-sion Treaty’’), the United States agreed to apply the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security, with Agreed Minute and Exchanges of Notes (11 UST 1632), signed at Washington January 19, 1961, between the United States and Japan, to the area covered by the Oki-nawa Reversion Treaty, including the Senkaku Islands. (17) In April 2014, President Barack Obama stated, ‘‘The policy of the United States is clear—the Senkaku Islands are administered by Japan and therefore fall within the scope of Article 5 of the U.S.-Japan Treaty of Mu-tual Cooperation and Security. And we op-pose any unilateral attempts to undermine Japan’s administration of these islands.’’. (18) In February 2017, President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe issued a joint statement that ‘‘affirmed that Article V of the U.S.-Japan Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security covers the Senkaku Islands’’. 
SEC. 1283. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
CCOUNT ; CORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT ; PAY-
ABLE -THROUGH ACCOUNT .—The terms ‘‘ac-count’’, ‘‘correspondent account’’, and ‘‘pay-able-through account’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code. (2) A
LIEN.—The term ‘‘alien’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)). (3) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (4) C
HINESE PERSON .—The term ‘‘Chinese person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a citizen or na-tional of the People’s Republic of China; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the People’s Republic of China or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China. (5) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘fi-nancial institution’’ means a financial insti-tution specified in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), (I), (J), (K), (M), (N), (P), (R), (T), (Y), or (Z) of section 5312(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code. (6) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘foreign financial institution’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or rul-ing). (7) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’, with respect to conduct, a circumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the result. (8) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means any individual or entity. (9) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
SEC. 1284. POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES WITH RESPECT TO THE SOUTH CHINA SEA AND THE EAST CHINA SEA. 
It is the policy of the United States— (1) to support the principle that disputes between countries should be resolved peace-fully consistent with international law; (2) to reaffirm its unwavering commitment and support for allies and partners in the Asia-Pacific region, including longstanding United States policy— (A) regarding Article V of the Mutual De-fense Treaty, signed at Washington August 30, 1951 (3 UST 3947), between the United States and the Philippines; and (B) that Article V of the Mutual Defense Assistance Agreement, with Annexes, signed at Tokyo March 8, 1954 (5 UST 661), between the United States and Japan, applies to the Senkaku Islands, which are administered by Japan; and (3) to support the principle of freedom of navigation and overflight and to continue to use the sea and airspace wherever inter-national law allows. 
SEC. 1285. SENSE OF CONGRESS WITH RESPECT TO THE SOUTH CHINA SEA AND THE EAST CHINA SEA. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States— (A) opposes all claims in the maritime do-mains that impinges on the rights, freedoms, and lawful use of the seas that belong to all countries; (B) opposes unilateral actions by the gov-ernment of any country seeking to change the status quo in the South China Sea through the use of coercion, intimidation, or military force; (C) opposes actions by the government of any country to interfere in any way in the free use of waters and airspace in the South China Sea or East China Sea; (D) opposes actions by the government of any country to prevent any other country from exercising its sovereign rights to the resources of the exclusive economic zone and continental shelf by making claims that have no support in international law; and (E) upholds the principle that territorial and maritime claims, including with respect to territorial waters or territorial seas, must be derived from land features and otherwise comport with international law; (2) the People’s Republic of China should not continue to pursue illegitimate claims and to militarize an area that is essential to global security; (3) the United States should— (A) continue and expand freedom of naviga-tion operations and overflights; (B) reconsider the traditional policy of not taking a position on individual claims; and (C) respond to provocations by the People’s Republic of China with commensurate ac-tions that impose costs on any attempts to undermine security in the region; (4) the Senkaku Islands are covered by Ar-ticle V of the Mutual Defense Assistance Agreement, with Annexes, signed at Tokyo March 8, 1954 (5 UST 661), between the United States and Japan; and (5) the United States should firmly oppose any unilateral actions by the People’s Re-public of China that seek to undermine Ja-pan’s control of the Senkaku Islands. SEC. 1286. SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO CHI-NESE PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR CHINA’S ACTIVITIES IN THE SOUTH CHINA SEA AND THE EAST CHINA SEA. 
(a) I NITIAL IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—On and after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to— (1) any Chinese person that contributes to construction or development projects, in-cluding land reclamation, island-making, lighthouse construction, building of base sta-tions for mobile communications services, building of electricity and fuel supply facili-ties, or civil infrastructure projects, in areas of the South China Sea contested by one or more members of the Association of South-east Asian Nations; (2) any Chinese person that is responsible for or complicit in, or has engaged in, di-rectly or indirectly, actions or policies that threaten the peace, security, or stability of areas of the South China Sea contested by one or more members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations or areas of the East China Sea administered by Japan or the Re-public of Korea, including through the use of vessels and aircraft to impose the sov-ereignty of the People’s Republic of China in those areas; (3) any Chinese person that engages, or at-tempts to engage, in an activity or trans-action that materially contributes to, or poses a risk of materially contributing to, an activity described in paragraph (1) or (2); and (4) any person that— (A) is owned or controlled by a person de-scribed in paragraph (1), (2), or (3); (B) is acting for or on behalf of such a per-son; or (C) provides, or attempts to provide— (i) financial, material, technological, or other support to a person described in para-graph (1), (2), or (3); or (ii) goods or services in support of an activ-ity described in paragraph (1), (2), or (3). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.058 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3620 June 11, 2018 
(1) B LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—The President shall block, in accordance with the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person subject to subsection (a) if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM UNITED STATES .—The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ex-clude from the United States, any person subject to subsection (a) that is an alien. (3) C
URRENT VISA REVOKED .—The issuing consular officer, the Secretary of State, or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of one of such Secretaries) shall re-voke any visa or other entry documentation issued to any person subject to subsection (a) that is an alien, regardless of when issued. The revocation shall take effect immediately and shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the alien’s possession. (c) E
XCEPTIONS ; PENALTIES .— (1) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL EMER -
GENCY REQUIREMENT .—The requirements of section 202 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply for purposes of subsection (b)(1). (2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS HEAD -
QUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b) shall not apply if admis-sion to the United States is necessary to per-mit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force Novem-ber 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States. (3) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of regula-tions prescribed under subsection (b)(1) to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act de-scribed in subsection (a) of such section 206. (d) A
DDITIONAL IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall pro-hibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict conditions on the maintaining, in the United States of a correspondent account or a payable-through account by a foreign fi-nancial institution that the President deter-mines knowingly, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, conducts or facilitates a significant financial transaction for a person subject to subsection (a) if the Director of National In-telligence determines that the Government of the People’s Republic of China has— (A) declared an air defense identification zone over any part of the South China Sea; (B) initiated reclamation work at another disputed location in the South China Sea, such as at Scarborough Shoal; (C) seized control of Second Thomas Shoal; (D) deployed surface-to-air missiles to any of the artificial islands the People’s Republic of China has built in the Spratly Island chain, including Fiery Cross, Mischief, or Subi Reefs; (E) established territorial baselines around the Spratly Island chain; (F) increased harassment of Philippine ves-sels; or (G) increased provocative actions against the Japanese Coast Guard or Maritime Self- Defense Force or United States forces in the East China Sea. (2) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The determination of the Director of National Intelligence referred to in paragraph (1) shall be submitted in a re-port to the President and the appropriate congressional committees. (B) FORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex. 
SEC. 1287. DETERMINATIONS AND REPORT ON CHINESE COMPANIES ACTIVE IN THE SOUTH CHINA SEA AND THE EAST CHINA SEA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report that identifies each Chinese person the Secretary deter-mines is engaged in the activities described in section 1286(a). (b) C
ONSIDERATION .—In preparing the re-port required under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of State shall make specific findings with respect to whether each of the following persons is involved in the activities de-scribed in section 1286(a): (1) CCCC Tianjin Dredging Co., Ltd. (2) CCCC Dredging (Group) Company, Ltd. (3) China Communications Construction Company (CCCC), Ltd. (4) China Petroleum Corporation (Sinopec Group). (5) China Mobile. (6) China Telecom. (7) China Southern Power Grid. (8) CNFC Guangzhou Harbor Engineering Company. (9) Zhanjiang South Project Construction Bureau. (10) Hubei Jiangtian Construction Group. (11) China Harbour Engineering Company (CHEC). (12) Guangdong Navigation Group (GNG) Ocean Shipping. (13) Shanghai Leading Energy Shipping. (14) China National Offshore Oil Corpora-tion (CNOOC). (15) China Oilfield Services Limited (COSL). (16) China Precision Machinery Import/Ex-port Corporation (CPMIEC). (17) China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation (CASIC). (18) Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC). (19) Shenyang Aircraft Corporation. (20) Shaanxi Aircraft Corporation. (21) China Ocean Shipping (Group) Com-pany (COSCO). (22) China Southern Airlines. (23) Zhan Chaoying. (24) Sany Group. (25) Chinese persons affiliated with any of the entities specified in paragraphs (1) through (24). (c) S
UBMISSION AND FORM.— (1) S
UBMISSION .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 180 days thereafter until the date that is 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex if the Secretary of State determines it is nec-essary for the national security interests of the United States to do so. (3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary of State shall publish the unclassified part of the report required by subsection (a) on a publicly available website of the Department of State. 
SEC. 1288. PROHIBITION AGAINST DOCUMENTS PORTRAYING THE SOUTH CHINA SEA OR THE EAST CHINA SEA AS PART OF CHINA. 
The Government Publishing Office may not publish any map, document, record, elec-tronic resource, or other paper of the United States (other than materials relating to hearings held by committees of Congress or internal work product of a Federal agency) portraying or otherwise indicating that it is the position of the United States that the territory or airspace in the South China Sea contested by one or more members of the As-sociation of Southeast Asian Nations or the territory or airspace of areas of the East China Sea administered by Japan or the Re-public of Korea is part of the territory or air-space of the People’s Republic of China. SEC. 1289. PROHIBITION ON FACILITATING CER-TAIN INVESTMENTS IN THE SOUTH CHINA SEA OR THE EAST CHINA SEA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No United States person may take any action to approve, facilitate, finance, or guarantee any investment, pro-vide insurance, or underwriting in the South China Sea or the East China Sea that in-volves any person with respect to which sanctions are imposed under section 1286(a). (b) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, is authorized to take such actions, including the promulgation of such rules and regulations, as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this section. (c) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of regula-tions prescribed under this section to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act de-scribed in subsection (a) of such section 206. (d) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to humanitarian assist-ance, disaster assistance, or emergency food assistance. 
SEC. 1290. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE AFFIRMA-TION OF NON-RECOGNITION OF AN-NEXATION. 
In any matter before any United States court, upon request of the court or any party to the matter, the Attorney General shall af-firm the United States policy of not recog-nizing the de jure or de facto sovereignty of the People’s Republic of China over territory or airspace contested by one or more mem-bers of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in the South China Sea or the terri-tory or airspace of areas of the East China Sea administered by Japan or the Republic of Korea. 
SEC. 1291. NON-RECOGNITION OF CHINESE SOV-EREIGNTY OVER THE SOUTH CHINA SEA OR THE EAST CHINA SEA. 
(a) U NITED STATES ARMED FORCES .—The Secretary of Defense may not take any ac-tion, including any movement of aircraft or vessels that implies recognition of the sov-ereignty of the People’s Republic of China over territory or airspace contested by one or more members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in the South China Sea or the territory or airspace of areas of the East China Sea administered by Japan or the Republic of Korea. (b) U
NITED STATES FLAGGED VESSELS .—No vessel that is issued a certificate of docu-mentation under chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may take any action that implies recognition of the sovereignty of the People’s Republic of China over terri-tory or airspace contested by one or more members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in the South China Sea or the territory or airspace of areas of the East China Sea administered by Japan or the Re-public of Korea. (c) U
NITED STATES AIRCRAFT .—No aircraft operated by an air carrier that holds an air carrier certificate issued under chapter 411 of title 49, United States Code, may take any action that implies recognition of the sov-ereignty of the People’s Republic of China 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.058 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3621 June 11, 2018 
over territory or airspace contested by one or more members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in the South China Sea or the territory or airspace of areas of the East China Sea administered by Japan or the Republic of Korea. 
SEC. 1292. PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN ASSIST-ANCE TO COUNTRIES THAT RECOG-NIZE CHINESE SOVEREIGNTY OVER THE SOUTH CHINA SEA OR THE EAST CHINA SEA. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided by subsection (c) or (d), no amounts may be ob-ligated or expended to provide foreign assist-ance to the government of any country iden-tified in a report required by subsection (b). (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the date that is 3 years after such date of enactment, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port identifying each country that the Sec-retary determines recognizes, after the date of the enactment of this Act, the sovereignty of the People’s Republic of China over terri-tory or airspace contested by one or more members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in the South China Sea or the territory or airspace of areas of the East China Sea administered by Japan or the Re-public of Korea. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex if the Secretary of State determines it is nec-essary for the national security interests of the United States to do so. (3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary of State shall publish the unclassified part of the report required by paragraph (1) on a publicly available website of the Department of State. (c) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not apply with respect to Taiwan, humanitarian assistance, disaster assistance, emergency food assistance, or the Peace Corps. (d) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the application of subsection (a) with respect to the government of a country if the President determines that the waiver is in the national interests of the United States. 
SA 2604. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1226. REPORT ON USE BY GOVERNMENT OF IRAN OF COMMERCIAL AIRCRAFT AND RELATED SERVICES FOR IL-LICIT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report on the use by the Government of Iran of commercial aircraft and related services for illicit activities. (b) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—The report re-quired by subsection (a) shall include a de-scription of the extent to which— (1) the Government of Iran is using com-mercial aircraft, including aircraft of Iran Air, or related services to transport illicit cargo to or from Iran, including military goods, weapons, military personnel, mili-tary-related electronic parts and mechanical equipment, or rocket or missile components; and (2) the commercial aviation sector of Iran, including Iran Air, is providing financial, material, or technological support to— (A) the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps; (B) Iran’s Ministry of Defense and Armed Forces Logistics; (C) the regime of Bashar al Assad in Syria; (D) Hezbollah, Hamas, Kata’ib Hezbollah, or any other organization designated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or (E) any entity on the list of specially des-ignated nationals and blocked persons main-tained by the Office of Foreign Assets Con-trol of the Department of the Treasury. (c) TERMINATION .—This section shall termi-nate on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President certifies to Con-gress that the Government of Iran has ceased providing support for acts of international terrorism. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2605. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 842, between lines 14, and 15, insert the following: ‘‘(G) I
NVESTMENTS IN UNITED STATES BUSI -
NESSES TARGETED BY MADE IN CHINA 2025 INI -
TIATIVE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to any other transaction covered by this paragraph, the term ‘covered investment’ includes any in-vestment (other than a passive investment) by any foreign person in a United States business that produces, designs, tests, manu-factures, or develops one or more products described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) P
RODUCTS DESCRIBED .—A product is described in this clause if any of the fol-lowing apply with respect to the product: ‘‘(I) The Committee determines the prod-uct is comparable to a product— ‘‘(aa) manufactured or produced in, or ex-ported from, the People’s Republic of China; and ‘‘(bb) that receives support from the Gov-ernment of the People’s Republic of China pursuant to the Made in China 2025 indus-trial policy of that Government. ‘‘(II) The product is specified in any of the following documents of the Government of the People’s Republic of China: ‘‘(aa) Notice on Issuing Made in China 2025. ‘‘(bb) China Manufacturing 2025. ‘‘(cc) Notice on Issuing the 13th Five-year National Strategic Emerging Industries De-velopment Plan. ‘‘(dd) Guiding Opinion on Promoting Inter-national Industrial Capacity and Equipment Manufacturing Cooperation. ‘‘(ee) Any document relating to the 863 pro-gram or the State High-Tech Development Plan. ‘‘(ff) Any other document that expresses a national strategy or stated goal in connec-tion with the Made in China 2025 industrial policy set forth by the Government of the People’s Republic of China, the Communist Party of China, or another entity or indi-vidual capable of impacting the national strategy of the People’s Republic of China. ‘‘(III) The Committee determines that the product receives support from the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China and imports of that product into the United States have or will in the future displace net exports of comparable products by the United States. ‘‘(IV) The Committee determines the prod-uct is produced by or used in any of the fol-lowing industries: ‘‘(aa) Civil aircraft. ‘‘(bb) Motor car and vehicle. ‘‘(cc) Advanced medical equipment. ‘‘(dd) Advanced construction equipment. ‘‘(ee) Agricultural machinery. ‘‘(ff) Railway equipment. ‘‘(gg) Diesel locomotive. ‘‘(hh) Moving freight. ‘‘(ii) Lithium battery manufacturing. ‘‘(jj) Artificial intelligence. ‘‘(kk) High-capacity computing. ‘‘(ll) Quantum computing. ‘‘(mm) Robotics. ‘‘(nn) Biotechnology. ‘‘(iii) RELATION TO DEFINITION OF PASSIVE  
INVESTMENT .—For purposes of subparagraph (D), any reference to a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company shall be deemed to include a reference to a United States business described in clause (i). 
SA 2606. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 1725, insert the following: 
SEC. 1726. PROTECTION OF EMERGING AND FOUNDATIONAL TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) L ISTREQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall establish and maintain a list of emerging and foundational technologies that are necessary for maintaining the national security technological advantage of the United States over countries of special con-cern, as determined by the Secretary. (b) T
ECHNOLOGY PROTECTION .—The Sec-retary shall use the list required by sub-section (a) to inform activities carried out by the Secretary relating to technology pro-tection, including under interagency proc-esses carried out under section 1725 or any other provision of law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.058 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3622 June 11, 2018 
(c) C OUNTRY OF SPECIAL CONCERN .—In this section, the term ‘‘country of special con-cern’’ has the meaning given that term in section 721(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703. 
SA 2607. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1018. INCREASE IN NUMBER OF OPER-ATIONAL AIRCRAFT CARRIERS OF THE NAVY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The aircraft carrier can fulfill the Navy’s core missions of forward presence, sea control, ensuring safe sea lanes, and power projection as well as providing flexibility and versatility to execute a wide range of ad-ditional missions. (2) Forward airpower is integral to the se-curity and joint forces operations of the United States. Carriers play a central role in delivering forward airpower from sovereign territory of the United States in both per-missive and nonpermissive environments. (3) Aircraft carriers provide our Nation the ability to rapidly and decisively respond to national threats, as well as conducting worldwide, on-station diplomacy and pro-viding deterrence against threats to the United States allies, partners, and friends. (4) Since the end of the cold war, aircraft carrier deployments have increased while the aircraft carrier force structure has de-clined. (5) Considering the increased array of com-plex threats across the globe, the Navy air-craft carrier is operating at maximum capac-ity, increasing deployment lengths and de-creasing maintenance periods in order to meet operational requirements. (6) To meet global peacetime and wartime requirements, the Navy has indicated a re-quirement to maintain two aircraft carriers deployed overseas and have three additional aircraft carriers capable of deploying within 90 days. However, the Navy has indicated that the existing aircraft carrier force struc-ture cannot support these military require-ments. (7) Despite the requirement to maintain an aircraft carrier strike group in both the United States Central Command and the United States Pacific Command, the Navy has been unable to generate sufficient capac-ity to support combatant commanders and has developed significant carrier gaps in these critical areas. (8) Because of the continuing use of a di-minished aircraft carrier force structure, ex-tensive maintenance availabilities result which typically exceed program costs and in-crease time in shipyards. These expansive maintenance availabilities exacerbate exist-ing carrier gaps. (9) Developing an alternative design to the Ford-class aircraft carrier is not cost bene-ficial. A smaller design is projected to incur significant design and engineering cost while significantly reducing magazine size, carrier air wing size, sortie rate, and on-station ef-fectiveness, among other vital factors, as compared to the Ford-class. Furthermore, a new design will delay the introduction of fu-ture aircraft carriers, exacerbating existing carrier gaps and threatening the national se-curity of the United States. (10) The 2016 Navy Force Structure Assess-ment states ‘‘A minimum of 12 aircraft car-riers are required to meet the increased warfighting response requirements of the De-fense Planning Guidance Defeat/Deny force sizing direction.’’. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should expedite deliv-ery of 12 aircraft carriers; and (2) an aircraft carrier should be authorized every three years. (c) I
NCREASE IN NUMBER OF OPERATIONAL  A
IRCRAFT CARRIERS OF THE NAVY.— (1) I
NCREASE .—Section 5062(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘11 operational aircraft carriers’’ and insert-ing ‘‘12 operational aircraft carriers’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on September 30, 2022. 
SA 2608. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 129. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR GER-ALD R. FORD CLASS AIRCRAFT CAR-RIER PROGRAM. 
(a) C ONTRACT AUTHORITY .— (1) P
ROCUREMENT AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of one Gerald R. Ford class aircraft carrier to be designated CVN–81. (2) P
ROCUREMENT IN CONJUNCTION WITH CVN – 
80.—The aircraft carrier authorized to be pro-cured under subsection (a) may be procured as an addition to the contract covering the Gerald R. Ford class aircraft carrier des-ignated CVN–80 that is authorized to be con-structed under section 121 of the John War-ner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104). (b) U
SE OF INCREMENTAL FUNDING .—With respect to a contract entered into under sub-section (a), the Secretary of the Navy may use incremental funding to make payments under the contract. (c) L
IABILITY .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that the total liability to the Government for termi-nation of the contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obli-gated at the time of termination. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such fiscal year. 
SA 2609. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following new section: 
SEC. 144. CONVERSION OF F–22 AIRCRAFT. 
(a) C ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Air Force may enter into one or more contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, to convert up to 34 F–22 air-craft of the Air Force from a Block 20 con-figuration to a Block 35 configuration. (b) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (c) F
UNDING .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D, the amount authorized to be appro-priated in section 4101 for procurement, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4101, for Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, is hereby increased by $98,000,000 (to be used to carry out subsection (a)). 
SA 2610. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 323. REPORTS ON MITIGATION OF PHYSIO-LOGICAL EPISODES ASSOCIATED WITH AIRCRAFT. 
(a) R EPORT ON T –45 A IRCRAFT PHYSIO -
LOGICAL EPISODE MITIGATION ACTIONS .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on modifications made to T–45 aircraft and associated ground equip-ment to mitigate the risk of physiological episodes among T–45 aircraft crewmembers. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a list of all modifications to the T–45 aircraft and associated ground equipment carried out during fiscal years 2017 through 2019 to mitigate the risk of physiological epi-sodes among T–45 crewmembers; (B) the results achieved by such modifica-tions as determined by relevant testing and operational activities; (C) the cost of such modifications; and (D) any plans of the Navy for future modi-fications. (b) R
EPORT ON EFFORTS OF THE AIRFORCE  
TOMITIGATE PHYSIOLOGICAL EPISODES AF-
FECTING AIRCRAFT CREWMEMBERS .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on all efforts of the Air 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.068 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3623 June 11, 2018 
Force to reduce the occurrence of, and miti-gate the risk posed by, physiological epi-sodes affecting crewmembers of covered air-craft. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) information on the rate of physio-logical episodes affecting crewmembers of covered aircraft; (B) a description of the specific actions carried out by the Air Force to address such episodes, including a description of any up-grades or other modifications made to cov-ered aircraft to address such episodes; (C) schedules and cost estimates for any upgrades or modifications identified under subparagraph (B); and (D) an explanation of any organizational or other changes to the Air Force carried out to address such physiological episodes. (3) C
OVERED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means— (A) F–35A aircraft of the Air Force; (B) T–6A aircraft of the Air Force; and (C) any other aircraft of the Air Force as determined by the Secretary of the Air Force. (c) F–18 A
IRCRAFT .— (1) M
ODIFICATIONS REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary of the Navy shall modify the F/A-18 aircraft to reduce the occurrence of, and mitigate the risk posed by, physiological epi-sodes affecting crewmembers of the aircraft. The modifications shall include, at min-imum— (A) replacement of the F/A–18 cockpit al-timeter; (B) upgrade of the F/A–18 onboard oxygen generation system; (C) redesign of the F/A–18 aircraft life sup-port systems required to meet onboard oxy-gen generation system input specifications; (D) installation of equipment associated with improved F/A–18 physiological moni-toring and alert systems; and (E) installation of an automatic ground collision avoidance system. (2) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2019, and annually thereafter through February 1, 2021, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written update on the status of all modifications to the F/A–18 air-craft carried out by the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (1). (3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the requirement to make a modi-fication under paragraph (1) if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that the specific modification is in-advisable and provides a detailed justifica-tion for excluding the modification from the Navy’s planned upgrades for the F/A–18 air-craft. (d) C
ERTIFICATION ON INCLUSION OF TECH-
NOLOGY TO MINIMIZE PHYSIOLOGICAL EPISODES  
INCERTAIN AIRCRAFT .— (1) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 15 days before entering into a contract for the procurement of a covered aircraft, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written statement certifying that the aircraft to be procured under the contract will include the most recent technological advancements necessary to minimize the impact of physio-logical episodes on aircraft crewmembers. (2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary concerned may waive the requirement of paragraph (1) if the Secretary— (A) determines the waiver is required in the interest of national security; and (B) not later than 15 days before entering into a contract for the procurement of a cov-ered aircraft, notifies the congressional de-fense committees of the rationale for the waiver. (3) TERMINATION .—The requirement to sub-mit a certification under paragraph (1) shall terminate on September 30, 2021. (4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) The term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means a fighter aircraft, an attack aircraft, or a fixed wing trainer aircraft. (B) The term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ means— (i) the Secretary of the Navy, with respect to covered aircraft of the Navy; and (ii) the Secretary of the Air Force, with re-spect to covered aircraft of the Air Force. 
SA 2611. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. INFORMATION ON APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS AS PART OF TRANSITION COUNSELING PROVIDED TO MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the transition counseling provided by the Department of Defense to members of the Armed Forces who are in the process of sepa-rating from the Armed Forces (including the reserve components) includes the provision of information to such members on the fol-lowing: (1) The potential benefits of apprenticeship programs. (2) The appropriate use of educational as-sistance for veterans to pay for apprentice-ship programs. (3) The availability of veteran-focused, nonprofit apprenticeship programs. 
SA 2612. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. W
ICKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS OF EQUIPMENT RENTAL. 
(a) C OST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS OF  E
QUIPMENT RENTAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any cost- effectiveness analysis for equipment acquisi-tion conducted on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each executive agency shall consider equipment rental in such cost- effectiveness analysis. (2) F
EDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION .—The Federal Acquisition Regulation shall be re-vised to implement the requirement under paragraph (1). (b) S
TUDY OF COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANAL-
YSIS.—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a comprehensive report on the de-cisions made by the executive agencies with the highest levels of acquisition spending, and a sample of executive agencies with lower levels of acquisition spending, to ac-quire high-value equipment by lease, rental, or purchase pursuant to subpart 7.4 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
QUIPMENT RENTAL .—The term ‘‘equip-ment rental’’ means the acquisition of equip-ment by contract from a commercial source for a temporary period of use with no fixed duration. (2) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘execu-tive agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code. 
SA 2613. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. ENHANCEMENT OF MONITORING AND INVESTIGATION OF TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
Section 1704 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (22 U.S.C. 7104b) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) S
UPPLY CHAIN TRANSPARENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To facilitate monitoring and investigation of human trafficking, the Office of Management and Budget shall en-sure that the searchable public website es-tablished pursuant to the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282) includes the following information on Federal awards at each tier to both domestic and foreign awardees: ‘‘(A) The location of the entity receiving the award and the location of performance and production facilities under the award, including the name of a facility, street ad-dress, city, State if applicable, congressional district if applicable, and country. ‘‘(B) Notice of whether a contractor must provide a compliance plan to prevent human trafficking under section 1703 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (22 U.S.C. 1704a). ‘‘(C) Notice of whether the location of per-formance or production facilities is within a country ranked at tier 2 or tier 3 in the most recent Human Trafficking Report of the De-partment of State. ‘‘(D) Additional information that facili-tates monitoring and investigation of human trafficking. ‘‘(2) P
HASE -IN PERIOD FOR REPORTING SUB -
CONTRACTS AND SUBGRANTS .—Pursuant to paragraph (1), the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall— ‘‘(A) issue a time-bound plan to phase in the new reporting not later than January 1, 2020; ‘‘(B) require reporting of subcontract and subgrant data at tier one not later than Jan-uary 1, 2020; ‘‘(C) require reporting of subcontract and subgrant data at tier two not later than Jan-uary 1, 2022; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.063 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3624 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(D) include in the annual report required by section 2(g) of the Federal Funding Ac-countability and Transparency Act (Public Law 109–282; 31 U.S.C. 6101 note), progress on these stages and options for transparency at lower stages starting in fiscal year 2023. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) M
INIMUM THRESHOLD .—Consistent with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282; 31 U.S.C. 6101 note), executive agen-cies need not disclose contracts, sub-contracts, grants, subgrants, or cooperative agreements less than $25,000 or contractors with gross income less than $300,000 in the previous tax year. ‘‘(B) S
ECURITY RISKS .—An awarding agency need not disclose the identity of a foreign awardee if the awarding agency certifies that disclosure of the contractor’s identity would pose a security risk to the contractor or its contractual mission. ‘‘(C) W
AIVERS .— ‘‘(i) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Office of Management and Budg-et shall issue guidance to establish a process by which a contractor, subcontractor, grant-ee, subgrantee, or parties to cooperative agreements may request a waiver from any of the requirements set forth in the section. ‘‘(ii) C
RITERIA .—To receive a waiver, the contractor, subcontractor, grantee, sub-grantee, or party to a cooperative agreement must demonstrate why it cannot currently meet the requirements and must explain the steps it will take to meet the requirements once the waiver expires. ‘‘(iii) E
XPIRATION .—This waiver option will expire on January 1, 2021. ‘‘(iv) W
AIVER LIST .—The Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall maintain a public list of all contractors, subcontractors, grantees, subgrantees, or parties to cooperative agree-ments that have received a waiver. ‘‘(4) S
COPE.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(A) awards include contracts and sub-contracts, grants and subgrants, and cooper-ative agreements; and ‘‘(B) subcontracts include— ‘‘(i) all tiers of the supply chain, not just those to which the prime contractor is a party; and ‘‘(ii) supplier agreements with vendors, such as long-term arrangements for mate-rials or supplies that benefit multiple con-tracts or with respect to which costs are nor-mally applied to a contractor’s general and administrative expenses or indirect costs.’’. 
SA 2614. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. ANNUAL REPORT ON ADVERTISING SPENDING ON SOCIALLY AND ECO-NOMICALLY DISADVANTAGED SMALL BUSINESS CONTRACTORS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually there-after, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report estimating the portion of the of the Department of Defense’s advertising budget that is spent on advertising and public rela-tions contracts with socially and economi-cally disadvantaged small businesses and women, low-income, veteran (as that term is defined in section 3(q) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)), and minority entre-preneurs and business owners at the prime and subcontracting levels. SA 2615. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. SETTLEMENT OF CLAIMS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES FOR CERTAIN RESIDENTS OF THE ISLAND OF VIEQUES PUERTO RICO AND THE MUNICIPALITY OF VIEQUES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An individual shall be awarded monetary compensation for a claim made under this section if such individual— (1) can demonstrate that he or she was a resident on the island of Vieques, Puerto Rico, during or after the use by the United States Government of the island for military readiness; (2) files a claim not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act against the United States Government for personal injury, including illness or death arising from use by the United States Government of the island of Vieques for military readi-ness; and (3) submits to the court written medical documentation that the individual con-tracted a chronic, life threatening, or heavy metal disease or illness, including cancer, hypertension, cirrhosis, and diabetes while the United States Government used the is-land of Vieques, Puerto Rico for military readiness. (b) A
PPOINTMENT OF SPECIAL MASTER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall appoint a Special Master to consider claims described in paragraph (2). (2) A
MOUNTS OF AWARD .—The amounts de-scribed in this paragraph are as follows: (A) $50,000 for 1 disease described in para-graph (1)(B); (B) $80,000 for 2 diseases described in para-graph (1)(B); and (C) $110,000 for 3 or more diseases described in paragraph (1)(B). (c) A
WARD AMOUNTS RELATED TO CLAIMS BY  
THEMUNICIPALITY OF VIEQUES .— (1) A
WARD .—The Special Master shall pro-vide to the Municipality of Vieques the fol-lowing for a claim described in subsection (b)(2): (A) An academic partner, with appropriate experience and an established relationship with the Municipality of Vieques, which shall— (i) lead a research and outreach endeavor on behalf of the Municipality of Vieques; (ii) select the appropriate scientific exper-tise and administer defined studies, con-ducting testing and evaluation of the soils, seas, plant and animal food sources and human health situation; (iii) determine the most efficient and effec-tive way to reduce the environmental toxins to a level sufficient to return the soils, seas, food sources and health circumstances to a level that reduces the diseases on Vieques to the average in the United States. (B) The past research from universities, colleges, scientists, and doctors who have tested and evaluated the prevalence of toxic substances in the soil, food sources, and human populations. (C) A medical coordinator and staff to up-grade the medical facility and its equipment to a level to treat life threatening, chronic, and heavy metal diseases, including cancer, hypertension, cirrhosis, diabetes. (D) Compensation to create and fund a medical home to provide medical care for pe-diatric and adult patients, allowing the pa-tients to be referred for tertiary and quater-nary health care facilities when necessary, and providing the transportation and med-ical costs when traveling off the island of Vieques, until such time as the disease levels are reduced to the average in the United States. (E) Amounts necessary for the academic partner and medical coordinator to carry out the duties described in subparagraphs (A) through (D). (F) Amounts necessary to compensate the Municipality of Vieques for— (i) contractual procurement obligations and additional expenses incurred by the Mu-nicipality as a result of the enactment of this section; and (ii) any other damages and costs to be in-curred by the Municipality, if the Special Master determines that it is necessary to carry out the purpose of this section. (2) SOURCE .—Amounts awarded under this subsection shall be made from amounts ap-propriated under section 1304 of title 31, United States Code. (3) D
ETERMINATION AND PAYMENT OF  
CLAIMS .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT OF FILING PROCE -
DURES .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall establish procedures whereby individuals may submit claims for payments under this section to the Special Master. (B) D
ETERMINATION OF CLAIMS .—The Spe- cial Master shall, in accordance with this subsection, determine whether each claim meets the requirements of this section. Claims already disposed of by a court under chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, shall be treated as if they are currently filed. (d) A
CTION ON CLAIMS .—The Special Master shall complete a determination on any claim filed under the procedures established under this section not later than 150 days after the date on which the claim is filed. (e) P
AYMENT IN FULL SETTLEMENT OF  C
LAIMS BY INDIVIDUALS AND THE MUNICI -
PALITY OF VIEQUES AGAINST THE UNITED  S
TATES .—The acceptance by an individual or the Municipality of Vieques a payment of an award under this section shall— (1) be final and conclusive; (2) be deemed to be in full satisfaction of the claim described in subsection (a)(2); and (3) constitute a complete release by the in-dividual of such claim against the United States and against any employee of the United States acting in the scope of employ-ment who is involved in the matter giving rise to the claim. (f) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—No costs in-curred by the Secretary of the Treasury, or a designee of the Secretary, not including at-torney’s fees, in carrying out this section shall be paid from amounts appropriated under section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, or set off against, or otherwise de-ducted from, any payment under this section to any individual. (g) C
ERTIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF PAY-
MENTS UNDER OTHER LAWS.—Amounts paid to an individual under this section— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.063 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3625 June 11, 2018 
(1) shall be treated for purposes of the laws of the United States as damages for human suffering; and (2) shall not be included as income or re-sources for purposes of determining eligi-bility to receive benefits described in section 3803(c)(2)(C) of title 31, United States Code, or the amount of such benefits. (h) N
ONASSIGNABILITY OF CLAIMS .—No claim cognizable under this section shall be assignable or transferable. (i) L
IMITATION .—A claim to which this sec-tion applies shall be barred unless the claim is filed within 20 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (j) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury may promulgated regulations to carry out this section. (k) U
SE OF EXISTING RESOURCES .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury should use funds or resources available to the Secretary to carry out the functions under this section. 
SA 2616. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. CREDIT MONITORING. 
Section 605A(k) of the Fair Credit Report-ing Act (15 U.S.C. 1681c–1(k)) is amended by striking paragraph (4). 
SA 2617. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 79, strike lines 6 through 15 and in-sert the following: the Department, other Federal agencies, aca-demia, nongovernmental organizations, and the commercial sector, as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (3) E
LEMENTS .—The study required by para-graph (1)(A) shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive and national-level re-view of advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning, and associated tech-nologies relevant to the needs of the Depart-ment and the Armed Forces. (B) An assessment of global trends of state and non-state actor development and use of artificial intelligence technologies in secu-rity. (C) An assessment of the implications of incorporating artificial intelligence into ex-isting and future Department of Defense weapons, operational, and non-operational systems. (D) An assessment of the implications of the proliferation of the use artificial intel-ligence in national security to foreign state and non-state actors, including potential proliferation to adversaries. (E) An assessment of opportunities to es-tablish international cooperation on the use of artificial intelligence technologies by the Department of Defense. (F) Recommendations for addressing work-force development requirements for the De-partment of Defense associated with the use of artificial intelligence by the Department of Defense. (G) Recommendations for the use of artifi-cial intelligence by the Department of De-fense for non-operational uses, including the use of artificial intelligence, to enhance the efficiency of personnel management and pro-curement processes. (H) Recommendations for engagement by the Department with relevant agencies that will be involved with artificial intelligence in the future. SA 2618. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. AWARD OF MEDALS OR OTHER COM-MENDATIONS TO HANDLERS OF MILITARY WORKING DOGS AND THE MILITARY WORKING DOG CON-CERNED. 
(a) P ROGRAM OF AWARD REQUIRED .—Each Secretary of a military department shall carry out a program to provide for the award of one or more medals or other commenda-tions to handlers of military working dogs under the jurisdiction of such Secretary to recognize valor or meritorious achievement by such handlers and dogs. (b) M
EDAL AND COMMENDATIONS .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) shall be of such design, and include such elements, as the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify. (c) P
RESENTATION AND ACCEPTANCE .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) may be pre-sented to and accepted by the handler con-cerned on behalf of the handler and the mili-tary working dog concerned. (d) R
EGULATIONS .—Medals and commenda-tions shall be awarded under programs under subsection (a) in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section. 
SA 2619. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following: 
SEC. 3119. IMPLEMENTATION OF PLUTONIUM STRATEGY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The National Nuclear Security Admin-istration recommended a plutonium pit pro-duction strategy to the congressional de-fense committees in a letter dated May 10, 2018. (2) The Chairperson of the Nuclear Weap-ons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, certified the let-ter described in paragraph (1) to the congres-sional defense committees in a letter dated May 4, 2018, pursuant to section 3141 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (b) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Not later than April 1, 2019, and annually thereafter through 2025, the Chairperson of the Nuclear Weapons Council shall submit to the Sec-retary of Defense, the Administrator for Nu-clear Security, and the congressional defense committees a written certification that the plutonium pit production strategy described in subsection (a)(1) is on track to meet— (1) the requirement to begin production of 30 war reserve pits per year at Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, New Mex-ico, by 2026; and (2) the timelines for demonstrating a capa-bility to produce an additional 50 war reserve plutonium pits per year, as required by sec-tion 4219 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538a). (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Chairperson of the Nuclear Weapons Council and the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall jointly provide to the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, and to any other congressional defense committee upon re-quest, a briefing detailing the implementa-tion of the plutonium strategy described in subsection (a)(1), including— (1) milestones; (2) accountable personnel for such mile-stones; and (3) mechanisms for ensuring transparency with respect to the progress of the strategy for the Department of Defense and the con-gressional defense committees. 
SA 2620. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 340. STARBASE PROGRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the STARBASE program should continue to be funded by the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense by section 301 is here-by increased by $25,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide, for Civil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.067 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3626 June 11, 2018 
Military Programs for the STARBASE pro-gram. (2) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the De-partment of Defense by section 301 is hereby reduced by $25,000,000, with the amount of the reduction to be taken from amounts available for Operation and Maintenance, Navy, for Operating Forces for Enterprise In-formation (Line 300). 
SA 2621. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 537. REVIEW OF DISCHARGE CHARACTER-IZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with this section, the appropriate discharge boards— (1) shall review the discharge characteriza-tion of covered members at the request of the covered member; and (2) if such characterization is any charac-terization except honorable, may change such characterization to honorable. (b) C
RITERIA .—In changing the discharge characterization of a covered member to honorable under subsection (a)(2), the Sec-retary of Defense shall ensure that such changes are carried out consistently and uni-formly across the military departments using the following criteria: (1) The original discharge must be based on Don’t Ask Don’t Tell (in this Act referred to as ‘‘DADT’’) or a similar policy in place prior to the enactment of DADT. (2) Such discharge characterization shall be so changed if, with respect to the original discharge, there were no aggravating cir-cumstances, such as misconduct, that would have independently led to a discharge char-acterization that was any characterization except honorable. For purposes of this para-graph, such aggravating circumstances may not include— (A) an offense under section 925 of title 10, United States Code (article 125 of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), committed by a covered member against a person of the same sex with the consent of such person; or (B) statements, consensual sexual conduct, or consensual acts relating to sexual orienta-tion or identity, or the disclosure of such statements, conduct, or acts, that were pro-hibited at the time of discharge but after the date of such discharge became permitted. (3) When requesting a review, a covered member, or the member’s representative, shall be required to provide either— (A) documents consisting of— (i) a copy of the DD–214 form of the mem-ber; (ii) a personal affidavit of the cir-cumstances surrounding the discharge; and (iii) any relevant records pertaining to the discharge; or (B) an affidavit certifying that the mem-ber, or the member’s representative, does not have the documents specified in subpara-graph (A). (4) If a covered member provides an affi-davit described in subparagraph (B) of para-graph (3)— (A) the appropriate discharge board shall make every effort to locate the documents specified in subparagraph (A) of such para-graph within the records of the Department of Defense; and (B) the absence of such documents may not be considered a reason to deny a change of the discharge characterization under sub-section (a)(2). (c) REQUEST FOR REVIEW .—The appropriate discharge board shall ensure the mechanism by which covered members, or their rep-resentative, may request to have the dis-charge characterization of the covered mem-ber reviewed under this section is simple and straightforward. (d) R
EVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After a request described in subsection (c) has been made, the appro-priate discharge board shall review all rel-evant laws, records of oral testimony pre-viously taken, service records, or any other relevant information regarding the discharge characterization of the covered member. (2) A
DDITIONAL MATERIALS .—If additional materials are necessary for the review, the appropriate discharge board— (A) may request additional information from the covered member or the member’s representative, in writing, and specifically detailing what is being requested; and (B) shall be responsible for obtaining a copy of the necessary files of the covered member from the member, or when applica-ble, from the Department of Defense. (e) C
HANGE OF CHARACTERIZATION .—The ap- propriate discharge board shall change the discharge characterization of a covered member to honorable if such change is deter-mined to be appropriate after a review is conducted under subsection (d) pursuant to the criteria under subsection (b). A covered member, or the member’s representative, may appeal a decision by the appropriate dis-charge board to not change the discharge characterization by using the regular ap-peals process of the board. (f) C
HANGE OF RECORDS .—For each covered member whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (e), or for each covered member who was honorably dis-charged but whose DD–214 form reflects the sexual orientation of the member, the Sec-retary of Defense shall reissue to the mem-ber or the member’s representative a revised DD–214 form that reflects the following: (1) For each covered member discharged, the Separation Code, Reentry Code, Nar-rative Code, and Separation Authority shall not reflect the sexual orientation of the member and shall be placed under secretarial authority. Any other similar indication of the sexual orientation or reason for dis-charge shall be removed or changed accord-ingly to be consistent with this paragraph. (2) For each covered member whose dis-charge occurred prior to the creation of gen-eral secretarial authority, the sections of the DD–214 form referred to paragraph (1) shall be changed to similarly reflect a universal authority with codes, authorities, and lan-guage applicable at the time of discharge. (g) S
TATUS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each covered member whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (e) shall be treated without regard to the original discharge character-ization of the member, including for pur-poses of— (A) benefits provided by the Federal Gov-ernment to an individual by reason of service in the Armed Forces; and (B) all recognitions and honors that the Secretary of Defense provides to members of the Armed Forces. (2) R
EINSTATEMENT .—In carrying out para-graph (1)(B), the Secretary shall reinstate all recognitions and honors of a covered member whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (e) that the Secretary with-held because of the original discharge char-acterization of the member. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate discharge board’’ means the boards for correction of military records under section 1552 of title 10, United States Code, or the discharge review boards under section 1553 of such title, as the case may be. (2) The term ‘‘covered member’’ means any former member of the Armed Forces who was discharged from the Armed Forces because of the sexual orientation of the member. (3) The term ‘‘discharge characterization’’ means the characterization under which a member of the Armed Forces is discharged or released, including ‘‘dishonorable’’, ‘‘gen-eral’’, ‘‘other than honorable’’, and ‘‘honor-able’’. (4) The term ‘‘Don’t Ask Don’t Tell’’ means section 654 of title 10, United States Code, as in effect before such section was repealed pursuant to the Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell Repeal Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–321). (5) The term ‘‘representative’’ means the surviving spouse, next of kin, or legal rep-resentative of a covered member. (i) REPORTS .— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a review of the consistency and uniformity of the reviews conducted under subsections (a) through (g). (2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter for a four-year period, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port on the reviews under paragraph (1). Such reports shall include any comments or recommendations for continued actions. (j) H
ISTORICAL REVIEW .—The Secretary of each military department shall ensure that oral historians of the department— (1) review the facts and circumstances sur-rounding the estimated 100,000 members of the Armed Forces discharged from the Armed Forces between World War II and Sep-tember 2011 because of the sexual orientation of the member; and (2) receive oral testimony of individuals who personally experienced discrimination and discharge because of the actual or per-ceived sexual orientation of the individual so that such testimony may serve as an official record of these discriminatory policies and their impact on American lives. 
SA 2622. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 633. EXTENSION OF CERTAIN MORALE, WEL-FARE, AND RECREATION PRIVI-LEGES TO CERTAIN VETERANS AND THEIR CAREGIVERS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In 2017, the Secretary of Defense deter-mined that the addition of new patron cat-egories to the commissary and exchange sys-tems would support the growth of a robust customer base and help ensure the ability of both systems to provide benefits to members of the Armed Forces and their families. (2) The Secretary previously opposed ex-tending commissary and exchange privileges to large patron groups such as disabled vet-erans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.070 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3627 June 11, 2018 
(3) In January 2017, the Secretary of De-fense approved limited online exchange shop-ping privileges for all veterans, effective No-vember 11, 2017. (4) The Secretary determined that current patrons of exchanges did not perceive the ex-tension of such privileges as diluting the benefit for members of the Armed Forces. (5) The Purple Heart is the oldest military decoration, awarded to members of the Armed Forces who have been wounded or died in combat, fighting for the United States. Since the modern incarnation of the award was established in 1932, approximately 1,800,000 members of the Armed Forces have been awarded the Purple Heart. (b) C
OMMISSARY STORES AND MWR F ACILI -
TIES PRIVILEGES FOR CERTAIN VETERANS AND  V
ETERAN CAREGIVERS .— (1) E
XTENSION OF PRIVILEGES .—Chapter 54 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1065. Use of commissary stores and MWR facilities: certain veterans and caregivers for veterans ‘‘(a) E
LIGIBILITY OF VETERANS WHOARE M
EDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENTS .—A veteran who is a Medal of Honor recipient shall be permitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a mem-ber of the armed forces entitled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY OF VETERANS AWARDED  
THE PURPLE HEART .—A veteran who was awarded the Purple Heart shall be permitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY OF VETERANS WHOARE F
ORMER PRISONERS OF WAR.—A veteran who is a former prisoner of war shall be per-mitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to retired or re-tainer pay. ‘‘(d) E
LIGIBILITY OF VETERANS WITHSERV-
ICE-CONNECTED DISABILITIES .—A veteran with a service-connected disability shall be per-mitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to retired or re-tainer pay. ‘‘(e) E
LIGIBILITY OF CAREGIVERS FOR VET-
ERANS .—A caregiver or family caregiver shall be permitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to re-tired or retainer pay. ‘‘(f) U
SER FEEAUTHORITY .—(1) The Sec-retary of Defense shall prescribe regulations that impose a user fee on individuals who are eligible solely under this section to purchase merchandise at a commissary store or MWR retail facility. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall set the user fee under this subsection at a rate that the Sec-retary determines will offset any increase in expenses arising from this section borne by the Department of the Treasury on behalf of commissary stores associated with the use of credit or debit cards for customer purchases, including expenses related to card network use and related transaction processing fees. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall deposit funds col-lected pursuant to a user fee under this sub-section in the General Fund of the Treasury. ‘‘(4) Any fee under this subsection is in ad-dition to the uniform surcharge under sec-tion 2484(d) of this title. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘MWR facilities’ includes— ‘‘(A) MWR retail facilities, as that term is defined in section 1063(e) of this title; and ‘‘(B) military lodging operated by the De-partment of Defense for the morale, welfare, and recreation of members of the armed forces. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Medal of Honor recipient’ has the meaning given that term in section 1074h(c) of this title. ‘‘(3) The terms ‘veteran’, ‘former prisoner of war’, and ‘service-connected’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of title 38. ‘‘(4) The terms ‘caregiver’ and ‘family care-giver’ have the meanings given those terms in section in section 1720G(d) of title 38.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 54 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘1065. Use of commissary stores and MWR fa-cilities: certain veterans and caregivers for veterans.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Section 1065 of title 10, United States Code, as added by para-graph (1), shall take effect at the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  U
PDATING EPACS FOR MILITARY COM-
MISSARIES .—There is hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the De-partment of Defense, $500,000 for updating the electronic physical access control sys-tem used by military commissaries and ex-changes so that the system may recognize and accept veteran health identification cards. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON INDIVIDUALS  A
WARDED THE PURPLE HEART .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, should maintain a list of all individ-uals awarded the Purple Heart. 
SA 2623. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. INDEPENDENT STUDY ON ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES AND MATERIALS FOR MILITARY SHELTER APPLICA-TIONS. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall seek to enter into a contract or other agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to perform the services covered by this section. (b) I
NDEPENDENT STUDY .—Under a contract or other agreement between the Secretary and the National Academy of Sciences under this section, the National Academy of Sciences shall conduct a study on the use of advanced technologies and materials (includ-ing composite materials) for military shel-ters and other infrastructure applications. Such study shall include examination of the effectiveness of such technologies and mate-rials to enhance concealment, camouflage, deception, shielding, and secure communica-tions of a command post or other infrastruc-ture. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall ensure that the study con-ducted under this section is completed and submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the findings of the Secretary with respect to such study. (d) ALTERNATIVE CONTRACT SCIENTIFIC OR-
GANIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary is unable to enter into a contract or other agreement described in subsection (a) with the National Academy of Sciences on terms acceptable to the Secretary, the Secretary shall seek to enter into such contract or other agreement with another appropriate scientific organiza-tion that— (A) is not part of the Federal Government; and (B) has expertise and objectivity com-parable to that of the National Academy of Sciences. (2) T
REATMENT .—If the Secretary enters into an agreement with another organization as described in paragraph (1), any reference in this section to the National Academy of Sciences shall be treated as a reference to the other organization. 
SA 2624. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 10ll. INCREASING EMPLOYMENT FOR MEMBERS OF ARMED FORCES IN EMERGING INDUSTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of En-ergy, shall evaluate the military installa-tions at which it would be cost-effective to establish a partnership with community col-leges and the private sector to train veterans and members of the Armed Forces transitioning to civilian life to enter the cy-bersecurity, clean energy, and artificial in-telligence workforces. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees and make publicly available a report describing the re-sults of the evaluation conducted under sub-section (a). 
SA 2625. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1052. REPORT ON IMPACTS OF EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES USED BY THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE FALLING INTO THE POSSESSION OF ADVER-SARIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering shall, in coordina-tion with the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, submit to the Committees on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.070 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3628 June 11, 2018 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth an assessment of the potential impacts of emerging technologies being used in the De-partment of Defense falling into the posses-sion of adversaries of the United States. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description and assessment of current potential threats that emerging technologies being used in the Department could fall into the possession of adversaries of the United States, and of the possession of such tech-nologies by such adversaries. (2) A description and assessment of the ethical, legal, and societal implications of such technologies falling into the possession of such adversaries. (3) A description of the actions being taken by the Department to prevent such adver-saries from coning into possession of such technologies. 
SA 2626. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle Eof title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. IMPLEMENTATION OF STUDENT LOAN BORROWER BENEFITS FOR MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES SERV-ING IN CONFLICT. 
(a) A GREEMENTS .—The Secretary of De-fense shall enter into any necessary agree-ments, including agreements with the Inter-nal Revenue Service and the Secretary of Education, to carry out the activities de-scribed in this section. (b) N
OACCRUAL OF INTEREST .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that student loan interest does not accrue for eligible Federal Direct Loans of eligible military borrowers, in accordance with the Federal prohibition on interest ac-crual for eligible military borrowers under section 455(o) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(o)). (2) E
LIGIBLE FEDERAL DIRECT LOAN .—In this section, the term eligible Federal Direct Loan means a loan made under part D of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087a et seq.) for which the first disbursement is made on or after October 1, 2008. (c) C
OMPENSATION .—The Secretary of De-fense shall ensure that an eligible military borrower who qualified for the no accrual of interest benefit under such section 455(o) during any period beginning on or after Oc-tober 1, 2008, and did not receive the full ben-efit under such section for which the bor-rower qualified, is provided compensation in an amount equal to the amount of interest paid by the borrower that would have been subject to that benefit. (d) B
ORROWER REQUEST NOTREQUIRED .— The Secretary of Defense shall obtain or pro-vide any information necessary to imple-ment the activities described in this section without requiring a request from a borrower. 
SA 2627. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 598. REPORT ON WAGE DETERMINATION FOR CERTAIN PROGRAMS. 
(a) W AGE DETERMINATION .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the National Guard Bureau, shall coordinate with the Sec-retary of Labor to obtain a wage determina-tion under section 6703(1) of title 41, United States Code, for all contract workers under the following programs: (1) Family Assistance Centers. (2) Family Readiness and Support. (3) Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program. (4) Recruit Sustainment Program. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the wage determinations described in sub-section (a). The report shall include a cost estimate of transferring all of the programs specified in subsection (a) to direct Federal management. 
SA 2628. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle Eof title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. IMPLEMENTATION OF STUDENT LOAN BORROWER BENEFITS FOR MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES SERV-ING IN CONFLICT. 
(a) A GREEMENTS .—The Secretary of De-fense shall enter into any necessary agree-ments, including agreements with the Inter-nal Revenue Service and the Secretary of Education, to carry out the activities de-scribed in this section. (b) N
OACCRUAL OF INTEREST .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that student loan interest does not accrue for eligible Federal Direct Loans of eligible military borrowers, in accordance with the Federal prohibition on interest ac-crual for eligible military borrowers under section 455(o) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(o)). (2) E
LIGIBLE FEDERAL DIRECT LOAN .—In this section, the term eligible Federal Direct Loan means a loan made under part D of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087a et seq.) for which the first disbursement is made on or after October 1, 2008. (c) C
OMPENSATION .—The Secretary of De-fense shall ensure that an eligible military borrower who qualified for the no accrual of interest benefit under such section 455(o) during any period beginning on or after Oc-tober 1, 2008, and did not receive the full ben-efit under such section for which the bor-rower qualified, is provided compensation in an amount equal to the amount of interest paid by the borrower that would have been subject to that benefit. (d) BORROWER REQUEST NOTREQUIRED .— The Secretary of Defense shall obtain or pro-vide any information necessary to imple-ment the activities described in this section without requiring a request from a borrower. 
SA 2629. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP), strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘1,073,810’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) AP, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘[85,000]’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to TOTAL AIRCRAFT PRO-CUREMENT, ARMY, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘3,867,558’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the first item relating to BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘52,923’’. In the funding table in section 4101, below the item relating to BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES, insert a line relating to ‘‘Forward financed in the FY18 omnibus’’ with an amount in the Senate Authorized column of [¥52,000]. In the funding table in section 4101, in the first item relating to AIR TRAFFIC CON-TROL & LANDING SYS, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘24,937’’. In the funding table in section 4101, below the first item relating to AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS, insert a line re-lating to ‘‘D-RAPCON cost growth’’ with an amount in the Senate Authorized column of [¥33,000]. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to TOTAL OTHER PROCURE-MENT, AIR FORCE, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘20,883,260’’. 
SA 2630. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , and Mr. J ONES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the funding table in section 4101, in the first item relating to JOINT STRIKE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.071 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3629 June 11, 2018 
FIGHTER CV, strike the amount in the Sen-ate Authorized column and insert ‘‘1,144,958’’. In the funding table in section 4101, below the item relating to JOINT STRIKE FIGHT-ER CV— (1) strike ‘‘Program Realignment’’ and in-sert ‘‘Procurement of JSF CV Aircraft’’; and (2) strike the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column and insert ‘‘[121,000]’’. In the funding table in section 4101, strike the item relating to ‘‘UAV’’ and the item below such item relating to ‘‘Procurement of UAV’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to TOTAL AIRCRAFT PRO-CUREMENT NAVY, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘19,238,199’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the first item relating to F–35 strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘4,286,021’’. In the funding table in section 4101, below the item relating to F–35— (1) strike ‘‘Program Realignment’’ and in-sert ‘‘Procurement of F–35 Aircraft’’; and (2) strike the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column and insert ‘‘[92,500]’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the second item relating to O/A-X LIGHT AT-TACK AIRCRAFT, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘236,500’’. In the funding table in section 4101, below the second item relating to O/A-X LIGHT ATTACK AIRCRAFT that relates to ‘‘Pro-curement of OA-X aircraft and long lead ma-terials’’, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘[236,500]’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to TOTAL AIRCRAFT PRO-CUREMENT AIR FORCE, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘16,599,737’’. 
SA 2631. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the funding table in section 4101, in the first item relating to Virginia Class Sub-marine Advance Procurement, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘3,796,401’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the second item relating to Virginia Class Sub-marine Advance Procurement, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘[1,000,000]’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Total Shipbuilding and Con-version, Navy, strike the amount in the Sen-ate Authorized column and insert ‘‘23,876,937’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the first item relating to INDIRECT FIRE PRO-TECTION CAPABILITY INC 2–I, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘145,636’’. In the funding table in section 4101, below the item relating to INDIRECT FIRE PRO-TECTION CAPABILITY INC 2–I, strike the item relating to ‘‘Acceleration of cruise mis-sile defense’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to TOTAL MISSILE PRO-CUREMENT ARMY, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘3,275,777’’. In the funding table in section 4101, strike the first item relating to ‘‘O/A-X LIGHT AT-TACK AIRCRAFT’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to TOTAL AIRCRAFT PRO-CUREMENT NAVY, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘19,117,199’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the second item relating to O/A-X LIGHT AT-TACK AIRCRAFT, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘200,000’’. In the funding table in section 4101, below the second item relating to O/A-X LIGHT ATTACK AIRCRAFT that relates to ‘‘Pro-curement of OA-X aircraft and long lead ma-terials’’, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘[200,000]’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to TOTAL AIRCRAFT PRO-CUREMENT AIR FORCE, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘16,470,737’’. SA 2632. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 10ll. INCREASING EMPLOYMENT FOR MEMBERS OF ARMED FORCES IN EMERGING INDUSTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of En-ergy, shall evaluate the military installa-tions at which it would be cost-effective to establish a partnership with community col-leges and the private sector to train veterans and members of the Armed Forces transitioning to civilian life to enter the cy-bersecurity, clean energy, and artificial in-telligence workforces. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the Com-mittees on Veterans’ Affairs and Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs and Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report describing the results of the evaluation conducted under subsection (a). 
SA 2633. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 423, strike line 8 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 937. JOHN S. MCCAIN STRATEGIC DEFENSE FELLOWS PROGRAM. 
On page 423, line 18, insert ‘‘John S. McCain’’ before ‘‘Strategic Defense Fel-lows’’. 
SA 2634. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 62, between lines 6 and 7, insert the following: (2) Section 225 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), relating to support for national security innovation and entrepreneurial edu-cation. 
SA 2635. Mr. COONS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1026. POLICY GUIDANCE ON REVIEWING AND APPROVING OPERATIONS TO CAPTURE OR EMPLOY LETHAL FORCE AGAINST TERRORIST TAR-GETS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND OUTSIDE AREAS OF ACTIVE HOSTILITIES. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall publish on a publicly available Internet website of the White House an unclassified fact sheet outlining written policy standards and procedures that formalize and strength-en the process of the President for reviewing and approving operations to capture or em-ploy lethal force against terrorist targets outside the United States and outside areas of active hostilities. 
SA 2636. Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 717, line 23, insert ‘‘by a foreign power’’ after ‘‘activities’’. On page 726, line 3, insert ‘‘foreign’’ after ‘‘in’’. 
SA 2637. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. J OHN-
SON, and Mr. J ONES ) submitted an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.069 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3630 June 11, 2018 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 126. 
SA 2638. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) amd intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. DEBARMENT OF CONTRACTORS THAT FRAUDULENTLY MISREPRESENT STATUS FOR PURPOSES OF OBTAIN-ING CERTAIN SET ASIDE CON-TRACTS. 
(a) C IVILIAN CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 4713. Debarment of contractors that fraud-ulently misrepresent status for purposes of obtaining certain set aside contracts ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any business concern that is determined by the head of an execu-tive agency to have willfully and inten-tionally misrepresented the status of that concern as a small business concern owned and controlled by veterans or as a small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans for the purpose of qualifying for a contract awarded in accord-ance with the Government-wide goals for procurement pursuant to section 15(g)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1) shall be debarred from contracting with the Federal Government for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(b) P
ROCESS .—In the case of a debarment under subsection (a), the head of the execu-tive agency shall commence debarment ac-tion against the business concern by not later than 30 days after determining that the concern willfully and intentionally misrepre-sented the status of the concern as described in subsection (a) and shall complete debar-ment actions against such concern by not later than 90 days after such determination. ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In making a deter-mination under this section, the head of an executive agency shall, as appropriate, con-sult with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The debarment of a business concern under subsection (a) in-cludes the debarment of all principals in the business concern for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘small business concern’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). ‘‘(2) The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by veterans’ has the meaning given the term in section 8127(l) of title 38. ‘‘(3) The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(q)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(2)).’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4712 the following new item: ‘‘4713. Debarment of contractors that fraudu-lently misrepresent status for purposes of obtaining certain set aside contracts.’’. (b) D
EFENSE CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 801, is further amended by inserting after section 2339a the following new section: ‘‘§ 2339b. Debarment of contractors that fraudulently misrepresent status for pur-poses of obtaining certain set aside con-tracts ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any business concern that is determined by the head of an agency to have willfully and intentionally misrepre-sented the status of that concern as a small business concern owned and controlled by veterans or as a small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans for the purpose of qualifying for a contract awarded in accordance with the Government-wide goals for procurement pur-suant to section 15(g)(1) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1) shall be debarred from contracting with the Federal Govern-ment for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(b) P
ROCESS .—In the case of a debarment under subsection (a), the head of the agency shall commence debarment action against the business concern by not later than 30 days after determining that the concern will-fully and intentionally misrepresented the status of the concern as described in sub-section (a) and shall complete debarment ac-tions against such concern by not later than 90 days after such determination. ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In making a deter-mination under this section, the head of an agency shall, as appropriate, consult with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The debarment of a business concern under subsection (a) in-cludes the debarment of all principals in the business concern for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘small business concern’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). ‘‘(2) The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by veterans’ has the meaning given the term in section 8127(l) of title 38. ‘‘(3) The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(q)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(2)).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 801, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 2339a the following new item: ‘‘2339b. Debarment of contractors that fraud-ulently misrepresent status for purposes of obtaining certain set aside contracts.’’. 
SA 2639. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 622. CREDIT TOWARD COMPUTATION OF YEARS OF SERVICE FOR NONREG-ULAR SERVICE RETIRED PAY UPON COMPLETION OF REMOTELY DELIV-ERED MILITARY EDUCATION OR TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 12732(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) Such points (but not more than 10 points) as the Secretary concerned deter-mines to be appropriate for successful com-pletion of a course of instruction using elec-tronically delivered methodologies to accom-plish military education or training, unless the education or training is performed while in a status for which credit is provided under another subparagraph of this paragraph.’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and (E)’’ in the last sen-tence and inserting ‘‘(E), and (F)’’. (b) M
AXIMUM NUMBER OF POINTS PERSERV-
ICEYEAR.—Section 12733(3) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘or (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D), or (F)’’. 
SA 2640. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1018. CONTRACTS FOR THE MAINTENANCE OF NAVAL VESSELS IN NON- COASTWIDE AREAS OUTSIDE OF THE HOMEPORT OF THE VESSELS. 
Notwithstanding section 7299a of title 10, United States Code, or any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Navy may award a contract for the overhaul, repair, or mainte-nance of a naval vessel to a firm that is lo-cated in a non-coastwide area outside the area of the homeport of the vessel, including a firm located in the Great Lakes or Gulf Coast regions of the United States, if the Secretary determines that such an award will reduce naval vessel maintenance back-logs, improve fleet readiness, and support the operational needs of the Navy. 
SA 2641. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.073 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3631 June 11, 2018 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VIII, add the following: Subtitle J—Made in America Shipbuilding 
SEC. 898. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Made in America Shipbuilding Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 898A. DOMESTIC SHIPBUILDING REQUIRE-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of an executive agency may not enter into a contract related to the acquisition, construction, or conver-sion of a vessel unless the vessel is to be con-structed or converted in the United States. (b) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 898B. DOMESTIC SOURCING REQUIREMENT FOR SHIPBOARD COMPONENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 4713. Domestic sourcing requirement for shipboard components ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT FOR UNITED STATES  M
ANUFACTURE .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION ON PROCUREMENTS .—The head of an executive agency may procure any of the following components for vessels only if the items are manufactured in the United States: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The following compo-nents for vessels: ‘‘(i) Air circuit breakers. ‘‘(ii) Welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain with a diameter of four inches or less. ‘‘(iii) Auxiliary equipment, including pumps, for all shipboard services. ‘‘(iv) Propulsion system components (en-gines, reduction gears, and propellers). ‘‘(v) Shipboard cranes. ‘‘(vi) Spreaders for shipboard cranes. ‘‘(vii) Capstans. ‘‘(viii) Winches. ‘‘(ix) Hoists. ‘‘(x) Outboard motors. ‘‘(xi) Windlasses. ‘‘(B) O
THER COMPONENTS .—The following components of vessels, to the extent they are unique to marine applications: gyro-compasses, electronic navigation chart sys-tems, steering controls, pumps, propulsion and machinery control systems, and totally enclosed lifeboats. ‘‘(C) V
ALVES AND MACHINE TOOLS .—Items in the following categories: ‘‘(i) Powered and non-powered valves in Federal Supply Classes 4810 and 4820 used in piping for naval surface ships and sub-marines. ‘‘(ii) Machine tools in the Federal Supply Classes for metal-working machinery num-bered 3405, 3408, 3410 through 3419, 3426, 3433, 3438, 3441 through 3443, 3445, 3446, 3448, 3449, 3460, and 3461. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY TO CERTAIN ITEMS .— Paragraph (1) does not apply to a procure-ment of spare or repair parts needed to sup-port components for vessels produced or manufactured outside the United States. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The head of an executive agency may waive the limitation in paragraph (1) with respect to the procure-ment of an item listed in that paragraph if the head of the agency determines that any of the following apply: ‘‘(A) Application of the limitation would increase the cost of the overall acquisition by more than 25 percent or cause unreason-able delays to be incurred. ‘‘(B) Satisfactory quality items manufac-tured by a domestic entity are not available or domestic production of such items cannot be initiated without significantly delaying the project for which the item is to be ac-quired. ‘‘(C) Application of the limitation would result in the existence of only one domestic source for the item. ‘‘(D) Application of the limitation is not in the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(4) IMPLEMENTATION OF WAIVER AUTHOR -
ITY.— ‘‘(A) N
ON-DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The head of an agency may not delegate the waiver authority under paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 30 days after exercising the waiver authority under paragraph (3), the head of the agency shall publish in an easily identifiable location on the website of the agency information re-garding the waiver, including a detailed jus-tification for the waiver. ‘‘(5) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the end of each fiscal year, the head of each executive agency that has used a waiver described in this section in the fis-cal year shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a report on the total amount of waivers used and detailed in-formation regarding and justification for the waiver. ‘‘(b) C
OMPONENTS CONTAINING SPECIALTY  M
ETALS .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION ON PROCUREMENTS .—The head of an executive agency may not enter into a contract for the procurement of end items or components for ships that contain a specialty metal not melted or produced in the United States. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY EXCEPTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) does not apply to the extent that the head of an exec-utive agency determines that compliant spe-cialty metal of satisfactory quality and suf-ficient quantity, and in the required form, cannot be procured as and when needed. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘compliant specialty metal’ means specialty metal melted or produced in the United States. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—This paragraph ap-plies to prime contracts and subcontracts at any tier under such contracts. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN ACQUISITIONS .— Paragraph (1) does not apply to the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Acquisitions outside the United States in support of combat operations or in support of contingency operations. ‘‘(B) Acquisitions for which the use of pro-cedures other than competitive procedures has been approved on the basis of section 3304(c) of this title, relating to unusual and compelling urgency of need. ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO AGREEMENTS  
WITH FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS .—Paragraph (1) does not preclude the acquisition of a spe-cialty metal if— ‘‘(A) the acquisition is necessary— ‘‘(i) to comply with agreements with for-eign governments requiring the United States to purchase supplies from foreign sources for the purposes of offsetting sales made by the United States Government or United States firms under approved pro-grams serving defense requirements; or ‘‘(ii) in furtherance of agreements with for-eign governments in which both such govern-ments agree to remove barriers to purchases of supplies produced in the other country or services performed by sources of the other country; and ‘‘(B) any such agreement with a foreign government complies, where applicable, with the requirements of section 36 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776) and with section 2457 of title 10. ‘‘(5) EXCEPTION FOR SMALL PURCHASES .— Paragraph (1) does not apply to acquisitions in amounts not greater than the simplified acquisition threshold referred to in section 134 of this title. ‘‘(6) E
XCEPTION FOR PURCHASES OF ELEC -
TRONIC COMPONENTS .—Paragraph (1) does not apply to acquisitions of electronic compo-nents, unless the head of the agency, with the concurrence of the Secretary of Defense and upon the recommendation of the Stra-tegic Materials Protection Board pursuant to section 187 of title 10, determines that the domestic availability of a particular elec-tronic component is critical to national se-curity. ‘‘(7) A
PPLICABILITY TO ACQUISITIONS OF COM -
MERCIAL ITEMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), this section ap-plies to acquisitions of commercial items, notwithstanding sections 1906 and 1907 of this title. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section does not apply to contracts or subcontracts for the acquisition of commercially available off- the-shelf items, as defined in section 104 of this title, other than— ‘‘(i) contracts or subcontracts for the ac-quisition of specialty metals, including mill products, such as bar, billet, slab, wire, plate and sheet, that have not been incorporated into end items, subsystems, assemblies, or components; ‘‘(ii) contracts or subcontracts for the ac-quisition of forgings or castings of specialty metals, unless such forgings or castings are incorporated into commercially available off-the-shelf end items, subsystems, or as-semblies; ‘‘(iii) contracts or subcontracts for com-mercially available high performance magnets unless such high performance magnets are incorporated into commercially available off-the-shelf-end items or sub-systems; and ‘‘(iv) contracts or subcontracts for com-mercially available off-the-shelf fasteners, unless such fasteners are— ‘‘(I) incorporated into commercially avail-able off-the-shelf end items, subsystems, as-semblies, or components; or ‘‘(II) purchased as provided in subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(C) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO CERTAIN FAS -
TENERS .—This subsection does not apply to fasteners that are commercial items that are purchased under a contract or subcontract with a manufacturer of such fasteners, if the manufacturer has certified that it will pur-chase, during the relevant calendar year, an amount of domestically melted specialty metal, in the required form, for use in the production of such fasteners for sale to exec-utive agencies and other customers, that is not less than 50 percent of the total amount of the specialty metal that it will purchase to carry out the production of such fas-teners. ‘‘(8) E
XCEPTIONS FOR PURCHASES OF SPE -
CIALTY METALS BELOW MINIMUM THRESHOLD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), the head of an executive agency may accept delivery of an item containing specialty metals that were not melted in the United States if the total amount of non-compliant specialty metals in the item does not exceed 2 percent of the total weight of specialty metals in the item. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—This paragraph does not apply to high performance magnets. ‘‘(9) S
TREAMLINED COMPLIANCE FOR COMMER -
CIAL DERIVATIVE MILITARY ARTICLES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to an item acquired under a prime con-tract if the head of an executive agency de-termines that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.074 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3632 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(i) the item is a commercial derivative military article; and ‘‘(ii) the contractor certifies that the con-tractor and its subcontractors have entered into a contractual agreement, or agree-ments, to purchase an amount of domesti-cally melted specialty metal in the required form, for use during the period of contract performance in the production of the com-mercial derivative military article and the related commercial article, that is not less than the greater of— ‘‘(I) an amount equivalent to 120 percent of the amount of specialty metal that is re-quired to carry out the production of the commercial derivative military article (in-cluding the work performed under each sub-contract); or ‘‘(II) an amount equivalent to 50 percent of the amount of specialty metal that is pur-chased by the contractor and its subcontrac-tors for use during such period in the produc-tion of the commercial derivative military article and the related commercial article. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF SPE -
CIALTY METAL REQUIRED .—For the purposes of this paragraph, the amount of specialty metal that is required to carry out the pro-duction of the commercial derivative mili-tary article includes specialty metal con-tained in any item, including commercially available off-the-shelf items, incorporated into such commercial derivative military ar-ticle. ‘‘(10) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), the head of an executive agency may accept the delivery of an end item con-taining noncompliant materials if the head of the executive agency determines in writ-ing that acceptance of such end item is nec-essary to the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A written determina-tion under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) shall specify the quantity of end items to which the waiver applies and the time pe-riod over which the waiver applies; and ‘‘(ii) shall be provided to Congress prior to making such a determination (except that in the case of an urgent national security re-quirement, such certification may be pro-vided to Congress up to 7 days after it is made). ‘‘(C) K
NOWING OR WILLFUL NONCOMPLI -
ANCE .— ‘‘(i) D
ETERMINATION .—In any case in which the head of an executive agency makes a de-termination under subparagraph (A), the head of the executive agency shall determine whether or not the noncompliance was knowing and willful. ‘‘(ii) N
OT KNOWING OR WILLFUL NONCOMPLI -
ANCE .—If the head of the executive agency determines that the noncompliance was not knowing or willful, the head of the executive agency shall ensure that the contractor or subcontractor responsible for the noncompli-ance develops and implements an effective plan to ensure future compliance. ‘‘(iii) K
NOWING OR WILLFUL NONCOMPLI -
ANCE .—If the head of the executive agency determines that the noncompliance was knowing or willful, the head of the executive agency shall— ‘‘(I) require the development and imple-mentation of a plan to ensure future compli-ance; and ‘‘(II) consider suspending or debarring the contractor or subcontractor until such time as the contractor or subcontractor has effec-tively addressed the issues that lead to such noncompliance. ‘‘(11) S
PECIALTY METAL DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘specialty metal’ means any of the following: ‘‘(A) Steel— ‘‘(i) with a maximum alloy content exceed-ing one or more of the following limits: man-ganese, 1.65 percent; silicon, 0.60 percent; or copper, 0.60 percent; or ‘‘(ii) containing more than 0.25 percent of any of the following elements: aluminum, chromium, cobalt, columbium, molybdenum, nickel, titanium, tungsten, or vanadium. ‘‘(B) Metal alloys consisting of nickel, iron-nickel, and cobalt base alloys con-taining a total of other alloying metals (ex-cept iron) in excess of 10 percent. ‘‘(C) Titanium and titanium alloys. ‘‘(D) Zirconium and zirconium base alloys. ‘‘(12) ADDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—In this sub-section: ‘‘(A) The term ‘United States’ includes pos-sessions of the United States. ‘‘(B) The term ‘component’ has the mean-ing provided in section 105 of this title. ‘‘(C) The term ‘acquisition’ has the mean-ing provided in section 131 of this title. ‘‘(D) The term ‘required form’— ‘‘(i) shall not apply to end items or to their components at any tier; and ‘‘(ii) means in the form of mill product, such as bar, billet, wire, slab, plate or sheet, and in the grade appropriate for the produc-tion of— ‘‘(I) a finished end item delivered to the ex-ecutive agency; or ‘‘(II) a finished component assembled into an end item delivered to the executive agen-cy. ‘‘(E) The term ‘commercially available off- the-shelf’, has the meaning provided in sec-tion 104 of this title. ‘‘(F) The term ‘assemblies’ means items forming a portion of a system or subsystem that can be provisioned and replaced as an entity and which incorporates multiple, re-placeable parts. ‘‘(G) The term ‘commercial derivative military article’ means an item procured by the Department of Defense that is or will be produced using the same production facili-ties, a common supply chain, and the same or similar production processes that are used for the production of articles predominantly used by the general public or by nongovern-mental entities for purposes other than gov-ernmental purposes. ‘‘(H) The term ‘subsystem’ means a func-tional grouping of items that combine to perform a major function within an end item, such as electrical power, attitude con-trol, and propulsion. ‘‘(I) The term ‘end item’ means the final production product when assembled or com-pleted, and ready for issue, delivery, or de-ployment. ‘‘(J) The term ‘subcontract’ includes a sub-contract at any tier. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF UNITED STATES STEEL , IRON, A
LUMINUM , ANDMANUFACTURED PRODUCTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an executive agency may not enter into a contract related to the construction of a vessel unless the steel, iron, aluminum, and manufactured products to be used in the construction of the vessel are produced in the United States. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of para-graph (1) shall not apply where the head of an executive agency finds— ‘‘(A) that their application would be incon-sistent with the public interest; ‘‘(B) that such materials and products are not produced in the United States in suffi-cient and reasonably available quantities and of a satisfactory quality; or ‘‘(C) that inclusion of domestic material will increase the cost of the overall project contract by more than 25 percent. ‘‘(3) I
MPLEMENTATION OF EXCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) N
ON-DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The head of an agency may not delegate the au-thority to make a finding described in para-graph (2). ‘‘(B) PUBLICATION .—Not later than 30 days after making a finding described in para-graph (2), the head of the agency shall pub-lish in an easily identifiable location on the website of the agency information regarding the finding, including a detailed justification for the exception. ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the end of each fiscal year, the head of each executive agency that has made an exception finding described in paragraph (2) in the fiscal year shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a re-port on the total amount of exceptions used and detailed information regarding and jus-tification for the exceptions. ‘‘(5) C
ALCULATION OF COMPONENT COST .—For purposes of this subsection, in calculating components’ costs, labor costs involved in final assembly shall not be included in the calculation. ‘‘(6) I
NTENTIONAL VIOLATIONS .—If it has been determined by a court or Federal agen-cy that any person intentionally— ‘‘(A) affixed a label bearing a ‘Made in America’ inscription, or any inscription with the same meaning, to any product used in projects to which this section applies, sold in or shipped to the United States that was not made in the United States; or ‘‘(B) represented that any product used in projects to which this section applies, sold in or shipped to the United States that was not produced in the United States, was produced in the United States; that person shall be debarred from con-tracting with the Federal Government for a period of not less than 5 years.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding after the item relating to section 4712 the following new item: ‘‘4713. Domestic sourcing requirement for shipboard components.’’. 
SEC. 898C. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PRO-VISIONS. 
(a) U SE OF UNITED STATES STEEL , IRON, A
LUMINUM , ANDMANUFACTURED PRODUCTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 801, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2339b. Use of United States steel, iron, alu-minum, and manufactured products in shipbuilding ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The head of an agency may not enter into a contract related to the construction of a vessel unless the steel, iron, aluminum, and manufactured products to be used in the construction of the vessel are produced in the United States. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of sub-section (a) shall not apply where the head of the agency finds— ‘‘(1) that their application would be incon-sistent with the public interest; ‘‘(2) that such materials and products are not produced in the United States in suffi-cient and reasonably available quantities and of a satisfactory quality; or ‘‘(3) that inclusion of domestic material will increase the cost of the overall project contract by more than 25 percent. ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION OF EXCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) N
ON-DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The head of an agency may not delegate the au-thority to make a finding described in sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 30 days after making a finding described in sub-section (b), the head of the agency shall pub-lish in an easily identifiable location on the website of the agency information regarding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.074 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3633 June 11, 2018 
the finding, including a detailed justification for the exception. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the end of each fiscal year, the head of each executive agency that has made an exception finding described in subsection (b) in the fiscal year shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the total amount of exceptions used and de-tailed information regarding and justifica-tion for the exceptions. ‘‘(e) C
ALCULATION OF COMPONENT COST.— For purposes of this section, in calculating components’ costs, labor costs involved in final assembly shall not be included in the calculation. ‘‘(f) I
NTENTIONAL VIOLATIONS .—If it has been determined by a court or Federal agen-cy that any person intentionally— ‘‘(1) affixed a label bearing a ‘Made in America’ inscription, or any inscription with the same meaning, to any product used in projects to which this section applies, sold in or shipped to the United States that was not made in the United States; or ‘‘(2) represented that any product used in projects to which this section applies, sold in or shipped to the United States that was not produced in the United States, was produced in the United States; that person shall be debarred from con-tracting with the Federal Government for a period of not less than 5 years.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 801, is further amended by adding after the item relating to section 2339a the following new item: ‘‘2339b. Use of United States steel, iron, alu-minum, and manufactured products in shipbuilding.’’. (b) M
ISCELLANEOUS LIMITATIONS ON THE  P
ROCUREMENT OF GOODS OTHER THANUNITED  S
TATES GOODS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2534(a)(3)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(iv) Auxiliary equipment, including pumps, for all shipboard services. ‘‘(v) Propulsion system components (en-gines, reduction gears, and propellers). ‘‘(vi) Shipboard cranes. ‘‘(vii) Spreaders for shipboard cranes. ‘‘(viii) Capstans. ‘‘(ix) Winches. ‘‘(x) Hoists. ‘‘(xi) Outboard motors. ‘‘(xii) Windlasses.’’. (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF PREVIOUSLY  
SUNSETTED PROVISIONS .—Subsection (c)(2)(C) of section 2534 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘shall cease to be ef-fective on October 1, 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be in effect during— ‘‘(i) the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this paragraph and ending on October 1, 1996; and ‘‘(ii) the period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Made in America Ship-building Act of 2018.’’. 
SEC. 898D. APPLICABILITY. 
The requirements under this subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle— (1) apply to contracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) do not apply to— (A) contracts entered into before the date of the enactment of this Act; or (B) options included as part of such con-tracts as of such date of enactment. 
SA 2642. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Joint Light Tactical Vehi-cle, strike the amount in the Senate Author-ized column and insert ‘‘1,319,436’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Total Other Procurement, Army, strike the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column and insert ‘‘7,986,329’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to O/A-X Light Attack Air-craft, strike the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column and insert ‘‘100,000’’. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Total Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘16,370,737’’. 
SA 2643. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. EXEMPTION FROM CALCULATION OF MONTHLY INCOME, FOR PURPOSES OF BANKRUPTCY LAWS, CERTAIN PAYMENTS FROM DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AND DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 101(10A) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B)(i) includes any amount paid by any entity other than the debtor (or in a joint case the debtor and the debtor’s spouse), on a regular basis for the household expenses of the debtor or the debtor’s dependents (and in a joint case the debtor’s spouse if not other-wise a dependent); and ‘‘(ii) excludes— ‘‘(I) benefits received under the Social Se-curity Act; ‘‘(II) payments to victims of war crimes or crimes against humanity on account of their status as victims of such crimes; ‘‘(III) payments to victims of international terrorism (as defined in section 2331 of title 18) or domestic terrorism (as defined in sec-tion 2331 of title 18) on account of their sta-tus as victims of such terrorism; ‘‘(IV) compensation under chapter 11 of title 38; ‘‘(V) compensation under chapter 13 of title 38; ‘‘(VI) pension under chapter 15 of title 38; ‘‘(VII) retired pay payable to members of the Armed Forces retired under section 1201 or 1204 of title 10; ‘‘(VIII) retired pay payable to members of the Armed Forces placed on the temporary disability retired list under section 1202 or 1205 of title 10; ‘‘(IX) disability severance pay payable under section 1212 of title 10 to members sep-arated from the Armed Forces under section 1203 or 1206 of that title; ‘‘(X) retired pay payable in accordance with section 1201 or 1202 of title 10, or dis-ability severance pay payable in accordance with section 1203 of that title, to members of the Armed Forces eligible for such pay by reason of section 1207a of that title; ‘‘(XI) combat-related special compensation payable under section 1413a of title 10; ‘‘(XII) any monthly annuity payable under the Survivor Benefit Plan under subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 10 if the participant in the Plan with respect to whom the annu-ity is payable was retired for physical dis-ability under chapter 61 of that title; ‘‘(XIII) the special survivor indemnity al-lowance payable under section 1450(m) of title 10; and ‘‘(XIV) any monthly special compensation payable to members of the uniformed serv-ices with catastrophic injuries or illnesses under section 439 of title 37.’’. SA 2644. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. STUDY AND REPORT ON SERVICEMEM-BER ACCESS TO STUDENT LOAN FORGIVENESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Judge Advocate General for each Armed Force, and in coordi-nation with any other agency determined to be necessary by the Secretary, shall conduct a study of instances in which current and former servicemembers have attempted to pursue student loan forgiveness under the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program authorized under section 455(m) of the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(m)) (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program’’) and have experienced obstacles to accessing the full benefit of that program, including cir-cumstances in which a servicemember was provided inaccurate or incomplete informa-tion by a Federal student loan servicer or by any Federal Government personnel related to— (1) whether the type of student loan owed by a borrower is eligible for loan forgiveness under the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program; (2) enrollment in a qualifying Federal stu-dent loan repayment plan; (3) documentation of one or more required ‘‘on-time’’ monthly payments, including payments made under a student loan repay-ment program administered by the Depart-ment of Defense; or (4) certification of qualifying public service employment. (b) S
TUDY ON EFFECTS ON MILITARY READI-
NESS.—The study described under subsection (a) shall also include a study of the effects of the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Pro-gram on military readiness. Such study shall include the effects of the program on— (1) recruitment and retention, including re-cruitment and retention of officers, for each Armed Force, including the National Guard and Reserve Components; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.074 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3634 June 11, 2018 
(2) recruitment and retention of health professionals in the Army Medical Depart-ment, the Navy Bureau of Medicine and Sur-gery, the Air Force Medical Services, or in any other Department, Bureau, or Service in any Armed Force; (3) recruitment for the Judge Advocate General for each Armed Force; and (4) retention for the Judge Advocate Gen-eral for each Armed Force. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Judge Advocate General for each Armed Force, and in coordination with any other agency determined to be necessary, shall submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives that includes the following: (1) A summary of the findings of the study required under subsection (a). (2) Descriptive information about student debt owed by servicemembers, including— (A) an estimate of the average amount of student debt owed by servicemembers in each Armed Force; and (B) an estimate of the percentage of servicemembers who owe student debt in each Armed Force. (3) Recommendations regarding how Con-gress, or a Federal agency, could provide servicemembers with additional flexibility— (A) in circumstances in which borrowers were provided inaccurate or incomplete in-formation by a student loan servicer or by any Federal Government personnel; and (B) in any other circumstances that the Secretary of Defense determines are nec-essary to ensure that borrowers are able to obtain the full benefit of the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program. (4) Ways to ensure that in circumstances in which a student loan servicer or Federal Government agency is unable to produce records that contradict an attestation by a borrower of an instance in which that bor-rower was provided inaccurate or incomplete information, as described subsection (a), such an attestation shall be considered suffi-cient evidence that the borrower was pro-vided with inaccurate or incomplete infor-mation. (5) Recommendations for how Congress and other relevant Federal agencies can strengthen the implementation of Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program to ensure that the program can best support recruit-ment, retention, and readiness in the Armed Forces. (d) J
UDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Judge Advocate General’’ in-cludes the following: (1) The Staff Judge Advocate to the Com-mandant of the Marine Corps, in the Case of the Marine Corps. (2) An official designated to serve as the Judge Advocate General of the Coast Guard by the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SA 2645. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: SEC. 896. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SERVICE AC-QUISITION REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Failure to expeditiously implement the improvements required by section 2329 of title 10, United States Code, is an oppor-tunity cost to buying back the readiness and modernizing the Department of Defense’s ca-pabilities. (2) Every unaccountable expenditure of funds has the potential for waste and dupli-cation of effort. (3) The Government Accountability Office determined in a February 20016 report that the Department of Defense’s contract serv-ices budget justifications ‘‘provide limited visibility to Congress on planned spending, and the primary exhibit for contracted serv-ices does not meet statutory reporting re-quirements’’. (4) Financial auditability requires assur-ance that funds are obligated and expended in the proper amounts during the appro-priate time periods consistent with their in-tended purposes. (5) The Department’s most recent con-tractor inventories submitted to Congress on February 25, 2018, included ‘‘approximately 25 percent, or just under $42 billion, of the department’s total $160 billion-plus spend for contracted services’’. (6) The Department committed on April 16, 2018, to provide Future Year Defense Pro-gram level detail to support the budget ex-hibit required by section 2329 and committed to provide bi-annual briefings on its progress in implementing this requirement. (7) The Office of the Chief Management Of-ficer Reform teams have been coordinating efforts to meet the requirement for Future Year Defense Program detail for contract services. (8) The Under Secretary of Defense, Comp-troller uses object classes from the Office of Management and Budget Circular A–11, Prep-aration, Submission, and Execution of the Budget (July 2017) displayed in budget jus-tifications exhibits arranged by appropria-tion. (9) The Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition and Sustainment uses Services Portfolio Groups constructed from Product Services Codes used in the Federal Procure-ment Data System-Next Generation based on the definition of services contracts in part 37 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (10) The Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness has issued policies for determining the appropriate mix between the Department of Defense civilian work-force and contract services and how to evalu-ate their scope based on functions that have been or should be performed by the military and the civilian Federal government work-force in Department of Defense Instruction 1100.22, Policy and Procedures for Deter-mining Workforce Mix. (11) The Director of Cost and Program Evaluation has issued policies for comparing the costs of the Department of Defense civil-ian workforce and contract services in De-partment of Defense Instruction 7041.04, Esti-mating and Comparing the Full Costs of Ci-vilian and Active Duty Military Manpower and Contract Support. (12) Full accountability for the approxi-mately $160,000,000,000 spent annually on con-tract services is required for good steward-ship on behalf of the taxpayer irrespective of whether these funds are expended through prime or subcontract arrangements and irre-spective of the method of procurement used, whether as a commercial item or service or any other means. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) supports full implementation of Future Year Defense Program detail visibility of spending on contract services to accompany the budget exhibit required by section 2329 of title 10, United States Code; and (2) supports Department of Defense efforts to coordinate consistent and broad defini-tions of services contracts to ensure full ac-countability for every dollar obligated and expended with the full expectation that any future clarifications of services contract definitions will not reduce the scope of cov-erage of the $160,000,000,000 currently spent on contract services. SA 2646. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1 and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘John S. McCain III National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in this or any other Act to the ‘‘National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘John S. McCain III National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
SA 2647. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 622. PAYMENT FROM DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE MILITARY RETIREMENT FUND OF DEATH GRATUITIES FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND CERTAIN OTHER PERSONS THAT ARE PAYABLE DURING A LAPSE IN APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) P AYMENT AUTHORIZED .—Section 1480(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(d)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) If a payment under section 1475 of this title would otherwise occur but for a lapse in appropriations, the payment shall be made from amounts in the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund under chapter 74 of this title. ‘‘(B) The Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund shall be reimbursed for the amount of any payments made from the Fund pursuant to this paragraph during a lapse in appropriations at the conclusion of the lapse in appropriations. Amounts for such reimbursements shall be derived from appropriations available for the payment of members of the armed force concerned. ‘‘(C) In this paragraph, the term ‘lapse in appropriations’ means any portion of a fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00240 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.077 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3635 June 11, 2018 
year during which the appropriation bill for the fiscal year for the Department of Defense or the Department of Homeland Security, as applicable, has not become law and an Act or joint resolution making continuing appro-priations for the fiscal year is not in effect.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  D
OD M ILITARY RETIREMENT FUND.— (1) R
EIMBURSEMENTS OF PAYMENTS AS  
ASSSETS OF MRF .—Section 1462 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) Any reimbursements of the Fund under section 1480(d)(2)(B) of this title for payments made as provided for in section 1480(d)(2)(A) of this title.’’. (2) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS IN MRF FOR PAY -
MENTS .—Section 1463(a) of such title is amended— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph (6): ‘‘(6) amounts payable for death gratuities under section 1475 of this title during a lapse in appropriations as provided for by section 1480(d)(2) of this title.’’. 
SA 2648. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 129. MARINE CORPS INFANTRY AUTOMATIC RIFLE. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for the Marine Corps for fiscal year 2019 may be used to procure the M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle in any quan-tity that would result in the Marine Corps inventory exceeding 16,842 weapons, a num-ber that is in accordance with the Marine Corps approved acquisition objective as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) F
UTURE PROCUREMENTS .—In awarding any future contracts for the M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle Program, the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall use full and open competition to the maximum extent prac-ticable. (c) P
ROCEDURES OTHER THAN FULL AND  O
PENCOMPETITION .—The Commandant of the Marine Corps may not award any future con-tract for the M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle Program beyond the limitation set forth in subsection (a) using procedures other than full and open competition until such time as the Commandant provides the congressional defense committees with a detailed justifica-tion for limiting full and open competition for the procurement of the M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle, including a description of the objectives, costs, and timelines associ-ated with the procurement. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a detailed report that describes and assesses the following matters: (1) The small arms modernization strategy across the Marine Corps, including all planned contracting activities for fiscal year 2019 and the future years defense program. (2) The Infantry Automatic Rifle validated requirement and related acquisition strat-egy. (3) The efforts within the Marine Corps to conduct a full and open competition to re-place the M4 carbine. SA 2649. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON SECURITY COOPERA-TION AND ENGAGEMENT WITH TAI-WAN. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) increase senior level visits to Taiwan; and (2) conduct bilateral defense exchanges with Taiwan that focus on matters such as— (A) maritime security; (B) threat analysis; (C) military doctrine; (D) force planning; (E) logistical support; (F) intelligence collection and analysis; (G) operational tactics, techniques, and procedures; (H) humanitarian assistance and disaster relief; and (I) civil-military relations. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on ways in which the United States Government may increase security coopera-tion and engagement with Taiwan. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed list of current lines of en-gagement between Taiwan and the United States relating to bilateral security coopera-tion and an assessment of any additional lines of effort that are planned for the fu-ture. (B) A detailed list of military activities conducted by the People’s Republic of China, including exercises in the Taiwan Strait and other threatening posture moves, that are intended to undermine the peace and sta-bility of Taiwan. (3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2650. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON REGULAR TRANSITS IN THE TAIWAN STRAIT. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States Navy should conduct regular transits in the Taiwan Strait. 
SA 2651. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 315, beginning in subsection (b), strike paragraph (2) and all that follows through subsection (g) and insert the fol-lowing: (2) the elevated levels of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in the drinking water are the result of activi-ties conducted by or paid for by the Depart-ment of the Army or the Department of the Air Force at a military installation or at a State-owned National Guard installation; (3) such treatment takes place only during the fiscal year in which the request was made; (4) the local water authority waives all claims against the United States and the Na-tional Guard for treatment expenses in-curred before the fiscal year during which the treatment is taking place; and (5) the cost of any treatment provided pur-suant to subsection (a) does not exceed the actual cost of the treatment attributable to the activities conducted by or paid for by the Department of the Army or the Department of the Air Force, as the case may be. (c) E
XISTING AGREEMENTS .—Treatment of drinking water pursuant to subsection (a) may be provided without regard to existing contractual provisions in agreements be-tween the Department of the Army, the De-partment of the Air Force, or the National Guard Bureau, as the case may be, and the State in which the base is located relating to environmental response actions or indem-nification. (d) A
UTHORITY TOENTER INTO AGREE -
MENTS .—The Secretary concerned may enter into such grants, cooperative agreements, or contracts with a local water authority as may be necessary to implement this section. (e) U
SE OF DSMOA.—Using funds author-ized to be appropriated by section 301 for op-eration and maintenance, the Secretary con-cerned may pay, utilizing an existing De-fense-State Memorandum of Agreement, costs that would otherwise be eligible for payment under that agreement. (f) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2021. (g) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—Notwith- standing paragraphs (1), (3), (4) of subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00241 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.078 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3636 June 11, 2018 
(b), the Secretary concerned may reimburse a local water authority or a State for the treatment of drinking water pursuant to this section if— (1) the local water authority or state re-quested such a payment from the National Guard Bureau, the Department of the Army, or the Department of the Air Force prior to March 1, 2018, or the National Guard Bureau, the Department of the Army, or the Depart-ment of the Air Force was aware of a treat-ment plan by the local water authority or state prior to that date; and (2) the local water authority or the State, as the case may be, waives all claims against the United States, the Department of the Army, the Department of the Air Force, and the National Guard for treatment expenses incurred before January 1, 2018. 
SA 2652. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 28lll. PERFLUOROOCTANOIC ACID AND PERFLUOROOCTANESULFONIC ACID RESPONSE COSTS. 
Any environmental services agreement or memorandum of understanding entered into between the Secretary of Defense and a com-munity with respect to the detection of perfluorooctanoic acid or perfluorooctanesulfonic acid shall be deemed to be effective as of May 19, 2016. 
SA 2653. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON THE CAPABILITIES AND ACTIVITIES OF THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA AND OTHER VIO-LENT EXTREMIST GROUPS IN SOUTHEAST ASIA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port setting forth an assessment of the cur-rent and future capabilities and activities of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and other violent extremist groups in South-east Asia. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include the following: (1) The current number of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria fighters in Southeast Asia. (2) The estimated number of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria fighters expected to return to Southeast Asia from fighting in the Mid-dle East. (3) An assessment of the root causes of vio-lent extremism in Southeast Asia that have led to the rise of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in Southeast Asia. (4) The current resources available to com-bat the threat of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in Southeast Asia, and the addi-tional resources required to combat that threat. (5) A detailed assessment of the capabili-ties of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria to operate effectively in countries such as the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia. (6) A description of the capabilities and re-sources of governments of countries in Southeast Asia to counter violent extremist groups. (7) A list of additional United States re-sources and capabilities, including develop-ment assistance, that the Department of De-fense and the Department od State rec-ommend providing to governments in South-east Asia to combat violent extremist groups. (c) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2654. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. INFORMATION ON RESOURCES AVAIL-ABLE FOR THOSE IMPACTED BY SEX-UAL ASSAULT OR SEXUAL HARASS-MENT IN PRESEPARATION COUN-SELING PROVIDED TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1142(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (12) through (18) as paragraphs (13) through (19), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (11) the fol-lowing new paragraph (12): ‘‘(12) Information concerning the avail-ability of resources for those impacted by sexual assault or sexual harassment.’’. 
SA 2655. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. IMPROVING THE ESSENTIAL AIR SERV-ICE PROGRAM. 
Section 41731 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN LOCATIONS  W
ITHHIGHMILITARY USE.—Subparagraph (D) of subsection (a)(1) shall not apply with re-spect to any location that— ‘‘(1) is certified under part 139 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(2) is not owned by the Federal govern-ment; and ‘‘(3) for which not less than 10 percent of airport operations in 2017 were by aircraft of the Armed Forces.’’. 
SA 2656. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON EFFORTS IN AFGHANI-STAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) After more than 16 years, the conflict in Afghanistan continues to present a whole-of- government challenge to the United States. (2) More than $800,000,000,000, or by some estimates, trillions of taxpayer dollars have been spent on the conflict in Afghanistan. (3) More than 2,200 United States lives have been lost, and more than 20,000 Americans have been wounded in operations in Afghani-stan. (4) The efforts and investment of the United States in Afghanistan have been un-dermined by endemic corruption, which is a strategic threat to United States interests that has cost United States taxpayers bil-lions of dollars. Systemic corruption in Af-ghanistan continues to compromise the ef-fectiveness of United States programs and has a negative impact on the ability of the United States to build trust and credibility with communities in Afghanistan. (5) The May 2018 Special Investigation Gen-eral for Afghanistan Reconstruction report on the United States stabilization strategy and associated programs in Afghanistan made the following findings: (A) The United States Government greatly overestimated its ability to build and reform government institutions in Afghanistan as part of its stabilization strategy. (B) The stabilization strategy and the pro-grams used to achieve such strategy were not properly tailored to the Afghan context. (C) The large sums of stabilization dollars the United States devoted to Afghanistan in search of quick gains often exacerbated con-flicts, enabled corruption, and bolstered sup-port for insurgents. (D) Since the coalition prioritized the most dangerous districts first, the coalition con-tinuously struggled to clear the districts of insurgents, and as a result, the coalition did not make sufficient progress to convince Af-ghans in such districts that the government could protect them if they openly turned against the insurgents; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00242 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.078 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3637 June 11, 2018 
(E) Efforts by United States agencies to monitor and evaluate stabilization programs were generally poor. (F) Successes in stabilizing Afghan dis-tricts rarely lasted longer than the physical presence of coalition troops and civilians. (G) Stabilization was most successful in areas that were clearly under the physical control of government security forces, had a modicum of local governance in place prior to programming, were supported by coalition forces and civilians who recognized the value of close cooperation, and were continuously engaged by their government as program-ming ramped up. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that United States strategy on en-gagement in Afghanistan should approach the challenges described in subsection (a) with coordinated diplomatic, security, and development efforts that include— (1) a view toward assisting the Afghan gov-ernment and people, at every level, in transitioning towards sustainable independ-ence and stability; (2) accountability for adherence to the rule of law and support for human rights; and (3) the goal of ending United States mili-tary presence in Afghanistan. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the heads of each Federal agency involved, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report detailing the United States whole-of-government efforts in Af-ghanistan. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) The United States diplomatic strategy on Afghanistan, including— (i) efforts to support and assist effective governance at the Federal level and foster cooperation and mutual accountability be-tween the Government of Afghanistan and provincial and local leadership in Afghani-stan; (ii) efforts to ensure that Afghan partners at all levels demonstrate accountability for— (I) adhering to the rule of law; and (II) ensuring that women, children, and marginalized groups are protected and crimes or abuses against such groups are fully investigated and prosecuted; (iii) efforts to promote cooperation among the various ethnic communities of Afghani-stan; (iv) efforts to support and encourage rec-onciliation between the Government of Af-ghanistan and insurgent groups such as the Taliban, while continuing to counter the de-stabilizing actions of terrorist groups; (v) efforts to support institutional reforms, especially those relating to anti-corruption, inclusive governance, electoral reforms, and financial transparency; (vi) efforts to encourage the neighbors of Afghanistan to cooperate in support of Af-ghan security and economic stability and promote regional investment in development and political solutions; and (vii) efforts to ensure that partner govern-ments and organizations are actively work-ing to support access by women to edu-cation, political representation, employ-ment, medical care, housing, and other eco-nomic opportunities. (B) The United States defense and security strategy on Afghanistan, including— (i) United States force levels in Afghani-stan and the missions to which such forces are dedicated; (ii) prospects and a timeframe for com-pletely transitioning responsibility for secu-rity to the Afghan National Defense and Se-curity Forces; and (iii) assessments of law enforcement train-ing efforts and measurable impact. (C) The United States development strat-egy in Afghanistan, including– (i) the ability of the Department of State and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to deliver, monitor, and evaluate development assistance; (ii) the ability of the World Bank to de-liver, monitor, and evaluate on-budget devel-opment assistance; (iii) estimates of the cost to United States and World Bank programs due to corruption, fraud, waste, and abuse in implementation and other stages of development projects, and including an assessment of preventative and punitive efforts taken by the Govern-ment of Afghanistan and others to consist-ently confront corruption, fraud, waste, and abuse; (iv) an assessment of the measurable im-pacts of United States-taxpayer funded de-velopment efforts since 2002; (v) the ability of the Government of Af-ghanistan and non-governmental institu-tions in Afghanistan to absorb development assistance at a pace that builds towards in-cremental independent sustainability; (vi) the social and political impacts of cor-ruption in the Government of Afghanistan, and at local government levels, on the sus-tainability of planned or implemented devel-opment efforts, and an assessment of the means and prospects for preventing, inves-tigating, and ensuring accountability for in-cidents of corruption; and (vii) the limitation on development efforts as a result of the unstable security condi-tions in Afghanistan. (3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2657. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 1001, add the fol-lowing: (e) M
ANDATORY TRANSFER .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall transfer 0.1 per-cent of the amount appropriated or other-wise made available under this division for fiscal year 2019 from the Department of De-fense to the Department of State for ex-penses of educational and cultural exchange programs. 
SA 2658. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 834. REPORT ON COST CHANGES IN MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees and the Commit-tees on the Budget of the Senate and the House of Representatives an annual report on total acquisition cost estimate changes in the major defense acquisition programs of the Department of Defense, as measured from each individual program’s first full es-timate. (b) I
NFORMATION TOBEINCLUDED .—The re- port required under subsection (a) shall in-clude— (1) a listing of all major defense acquisi-tion programs for the previous quarter end-ing December 31; (2) identification of the total acquisition cost estimates for each program identified in paragraph (1) for the previous quarter ending December 31; (3) identification of the first full estimate of total acquisition cost for each program identified in paragraph (1); and (4) a calculation of the total acquisition cost-estimate change, both in terms of dol-lars and percentage of total, since the first full estimate for each program identified in paragraph (1) for the previous quarter ending December 31. (c) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—The report re-quired under subsection (a) shall present all cost information in constant year dollars to correspond with the year in which the report is submitted. (d) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) The term ‘‘total acquisition cost esti-mate’’ means a program’s estimated total expenditure of research, development, test, and evaluation; procurement; acquisition-re-lated operations and maintenance; and sys-tem-specific military construction funds. (2) The term ‘‘first full estimate of total acquisition cost’’ means a program’s first total acquisition cost estimate set in an ac-quisition program baseline, in accordance with section 2435 of title 10, United States Code. For a development program, the first full estimate is either the program’s plan-ning estimate, if one was established, or the development estimate established at the time of Milestone B approval (as that term is defined in section 2366(e) of title 10, United States Code), whichever estimate occurred first. For programs that entered the acquisi-tion cycle, or became major defense acquisi-tion programs, at the time of Milestone C ap-proval (as that term is defined in section 2366(e) of title 10, United States Code), the production estimate would be the first full estimate. 
SA 2659. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be submitted to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00243 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.081 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3638 June 11, 2018 
of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON LACK OF AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF ARMED FORCES AGAINST IRAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that the use of the Armed Forces against Iran is not author-ized by this Act or any other Act of Con-gress. 
SA 2660. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. L
EAHY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Ms. B ALDWIN , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR UNITED STATES AIR RE-FUELING OF SAUDI-LED COALITION NON-UNITED STATES MILITARY AIR-CRAFT FOR MISSIONS IN YEMEN CONDUCTED AGAINST HOUTHI REBELS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act are authorized to be made available for the procurement or trans-fer of fuel for United States air refueling of Saudi-led coalition non-United States mili-tary aircraft for missions in Yemen con-ducted against the Houthi rebels. 
SA 2661. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2326 submitted by Mr. T
ESTER and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 2, strike lines 8 through 13 and in-sert the following: (b) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for De-fense Language and National Security Edu-cation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be avail-able to support Language Training Centers. 
SA 2662. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REIMBURSEMENT OF FEDERAL EM-PLOYEES FOR FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL INCOME TAXES INCURRED DURING TRAVEL, TRANSPORTATION, AND RELOCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—5724b of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading by striking ‘‘ of employees transferred’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘em-ployee, or by an employee and such employ-ee’s spouse (if filing jointly), for any moving or storage’’ and inserting ‘‘individual, or by an individual and such individual’s spouse (if filing jointly), for any travel, transportation, and relocation’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘employee’’ and inserting ‘‘individual, or the individual’’; and (3) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘travel, transportation, and relocation ex-penses’ means all travel, transportation, and relocation expenses reimbursed or furnished in kind pursuant to subchapter II of this chapter or chapter 41.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5724b and inserting the following: ‘‘5724b. Taxes on reimbursements for travel, transportation, and relocation expenses.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall— (1) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) apply to travel, transportation, or relo-cation expenses incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 2663. Mr. KING submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. MODIFICATION OF SOURCE OF JOINT PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDU-CATION CURRICULUM FOR PHASE II INSTRUCTION. 
Section 2154(a)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Joint Forces Staff College or a’’ and insert-ing ‘‘a joint or’’. 
SA 2664. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of part I of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. OVERSIGHT OF CYBER VULNER-ABILITY EVALUATIONS AND MITIGA-TION STRATEGIES FOR MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) B UDGET STATEMENT REQUIRED .—Begin- ning with fiscal year 2020 and for each fiscal year thereafter, the President shall include in the supporting information submitted along with the budget under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, for each major weapon system of the Department of Defense for which funding is included in such budget, a statement regarding the cyber vulnerabilities of the major weapon system and matters regarding the mitigation of such vulnerabilities. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each statement for a major weapon system required by subsection (a) shall include, for the major weapon system, the following: (1) V
ULNERABILITY EVALUATIONS .— (A) S
TATUS .—A statement expressing whether the cyber vulnerability evaluation required by section 1647(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) of such major weap-on system is pending, in progress, complete, or waived in accordance with subsection (a)(2) of such section 1647. (B) F
UNDING .—The seven-year funding pro-file needed to complete the pending or in progress cyber vulnerability evaluation. (C) D
ESCRIPTION .—A description of the ac-tivities planned in each fiscal year to com-plete the required evaluation. (D) R
ISK ANALYSIS .—An assessment of the operational and security risks associated with any cyber vulnerabilities identified in the evaluation. (2) M
ITIGATION MEASURES .— (A) S
TATUS .—Whether— (i) development of a strategy pursuant to subsection (d) of such section is pending, in progress, or complete; and (ii) activities to carry out such strategy are pending, in progress, or complete. (B) F
UNDING .—The seven-year funding pro-file needed to complete the pending or in progress mitigation strategy for such major weapon system. (C) D
ESCRIPTION .—A description of the ac-tivities planned in each fiscal year to com-plete the mitigation strategy. (c) F
ORM.—The statement required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in an unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex if necessary. 
SA 2665. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title IX, insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00244 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.079 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3639 June 11, 2018 
SEC. lll. GRANT PROGRAM FOR STATES TO ES-TABLISH PROGRAMS FOR EXPAND-ING, COLLECTING, STORING, AND MAKING ACCESSIBLE CRIMINAL HIS-TORY RECORD INFORMATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) States should support investigative service providers conducting background in-vestigations authorized by the Security Ex-ecutive Agent or the Suitability and Credentialing Executive Agent by— (A) providing automated access to criminal history records produced by criminal justice agencies; and (B) expanding State criminal history record systems to include name-based ar-rests not supported by biometrics; and (2) the large volume of requests from inves-tigative service providers places significant demands on States that exceed their current resources. (b) M
ATERIAL RESOURCES AND SUPPORT .— (1) G
RANT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Attor-ney General shall, in coordination with the Government’s primary investigative service provider, establish a competitive grant pro-gram to support States in carrying out the activities described in subsection (a). (2) S
TANDARDS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall, in con-sultation with the Council and the Govern-ment’s primary investigative service pro-vider, set standards for the grant program authorized under paragraph (1), including bi-ometric and biographic information stand-ards. (3) D
ERIVATION OF FUNDS .—Amounts to carry out the grant program authorized under paragraph (1) shall be derived from amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Justice. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Government’s pri-mary investigative service provider, in co-ordination with the Council, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes the status of— (1) State efforts to provide automated ac-cess to criminal history records produced by criminal justice agencies; (2) the efforts of investigative service pro-viders to use such automated access; and (3) the use of funds received by States under subsection (b)(1). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the congressional intelligence commit-tees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)); (C) the Committee Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means the Security, Suitability, and Credentialing Performance Accountability Council estab-lished pursuant to Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). (3) C
RIMINAL HISTORY RECORD INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘‘criminal history record in-formation’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9101(a) of title 5, United States Code. (4) C
RIMINAL JUSTICE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘criminal justice agency’’ has the meaning given such term in such section. (5) G
OVERNMENT ’S PRIMARY INVESTIGATIVE  
SERVICE PROVIDER .—The term ‘‘Government’s primary investigative service provider’’ means the Government’s primary investiga-tive service provider established pursuant to Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note), or any successor entity. (6) SECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT .—The term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Di-rector of National Intelligence acting as the Security Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). (7) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9101(a) of title 5, United States Code. (8) S
UITABILITY AND CREDENTIALING EXECU -
TIVE AGENT .—The term ‘‘Suitability and Credentialing Executive Agent’’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment acting as the Suitability and Credentialing Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
SA 2666. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1037. TRAINING OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE PERSONNEL ON WHOLE OF GOVERNMENT APPROACH TO NA-TIONAL SECURITY CHALLENGES. 
(a) T RAINING REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that appropriate Department of Defense personnel are provided training on whole of Government approaches to national security challenges. (2) C
OORDINATION .—In providing training under this section, the Secretary shall con-sult with the heads of other appropriate de-partments and agencies of the United States Government in order to ensure that such training promotes cross-agency and multi- sector learning, collaboration and problem- solving. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The training under this section shall include and emphasize the fol-lowing: (1) Integration and synchronization of pol-icy across the executive branch. (2) An understanding of the role of Con-gress, State and local governments, commu-nity organizations, academia, foreign gov-ernments, non-governmental organizations, and the private sector in influencing and executing whole-of-Government solutions. (3) Operating in an interagency environ-ment. (4) Table-top role playing exercises and mentorship programs designed to enable par-ticipants to gain a greater understanding of interagency partnerships and means of oper-ating successfully in a whole of Government environment. (c) P
ROVISION OF TRAINING .— (1) T
RAINING BY COHORT .—Training shall be provided under this section to cohorts com-prised of a mix of military and civilian per-sonnel from across the Department and the Armed Forces and, with the approval of the head of the department or agency concerned, from other departments and agencies of the United States Government. (2) P
ROVIDERS OF TRAINING .—The entities providing training under this section shall include military staff and war colleges, the National Defense University, and accredited public institutions of higher education that provide whole of Government curricula and are located amid areas of high concentration of military and civilian national security personnel. SA 2667. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. PARTICIPATION OF INDIA IN THE ASIA- PACIFIC ECONOMIC COOPERATION REGIONAL ECONOMIC FORUM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Republic of India is the world’s ninth largest economy in nominal terms and the third largest economy based on pur-chasing-power parity. (2) The United States-India partnership is vital to United States strategic interests in the Asia-Pacific region and across the globe. (3) United States-India bilateral trade and investment continue to expand, supporting thousands of United States jobs. (4) The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) regional economic forum is the pre-mier Asia-Pacific economic forum, with a goal to support sustainable economic growth and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region. (5) APEC works to champion free, open trade and investment, to promote and accel-erate regional economic integration, encour-age economic and technical cooperation, en-hance human security, and facilitate a favor-able and sustainable business environment. (6) APEC held a moratorium on new mem-bership from 1997 to 2010. (7) India has pursued membership in APEC for over 20 years, and became an APEC ob-server in November 2011 at the invitation of the United States, when the forum met in Hawaii. (8) India enjoys a location within the Asia- Pacific region, which provides an avenue for continued trade and investment partnerships with APEC member states. (9) India has been, or is pursuing, bilateral or multilateral trade agreements with the majority of APEC member states. (10) India’s ‘‘Look East, Act East’’ strategy to expand economic engagement with East and Southeast Asia demonstrates its effort to pursue external-oriented, market-driven economic policies. (b) A
CTIONS .—The Secretary of State shall— (1) develop a strategy to obtain member-ship status for India in APEC, including par-ticipation in related meetings, working groups, activities, and mechanisms; (2) work with the Government of India to ensure that such government works to meet the best practices APEC espouses; and (3) actively urge APEC member states to support such membership status for India. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to Con-gress a report, in unclassified form, describ-ing the United States strategy to obtain membership status for India in APEC. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00245 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.082 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3640 June 11, 2018 
report shall be updated and submitted annu-ally until such time as India obtains mem-bership in APEC. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing elements: (A) A description of the efforts the Sec-retary has made to encourage APEC member states to promote India’s bid to obtain mem-bership status. (B) Current actions taken by the Govern-ment of India to ensure that India meets the best practices espoused by APEC. (C) The further steps the Secretary will take to assist India in obtaining membership status for APEC. 
SA 2668. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 2834 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 2834. DEFENSE COMMUNITY INFRASTRUC-TURE PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 2391 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EFENSE COMMUNITY INFRASTRUCTURE  P
ILOT PROGRAM .—(1) The Secretary of De-fense may make grants, conclude coopera-tive agreements, and supplement funds available under Federal programs adminis-tered by agencies other than the Department of Defense to assist State and local govern-ments to address deficiencies in community infrastructure supportive of a military in-stallation, if the Secretary determines that such assistance will enhance the military value, resilience, readiness, or military fam-ily quality of life at such military installa-tion. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish criteria for the selection of community infrastruc-ture projects to receive assistance under paragraph (1). The criteria shall include a re-quirement that the State or local govern-ment agree to contribute not less than 30 percent of the funding for the community in-frastructure project, unless the community infrastructure project is located in a rural area, is located in an area that has been im-pacted by past and current flooding, or for reasons related to national security, in which case the Secretary may waive the re-quirement for a State or local government contribution. ‘‘(3) Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for assistance under para-graph (1) may remain available until ex-pended. ‘‘(4) The authority under this subsection shall expire on September 30, 2023.’’; and (3) in subsection (e), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) The term ‘community infrastructure’ means any transportation project, including roads, bridges, and tunnels; school, hospital, police, fire, emergency response, or other community support facility; or water, waste- water, telecommunications, electric, gas, or other utility infrastructure project that is located off of a military installation and owned by a State or local government. ‘‘(5) The term ‘rural area’ means a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a pop-ulation of not more than 20,000 inhab-itants.’’. SA 2669. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. CYBERSECURITY TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Se-curities and Exchange Commission; (2) the term ‘‘cybersecurity threat’’— (A) means an action, not protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, on or through an information system that may result in an unauthorized effort to adversely impact the security, availability, confidentiality, or integrity of an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system; and (B) does not include any action that solely involves a violation of a consumer term of service or a consumer licensing agreement; (3) the term ‘‘information system’’— (A) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 3502 of title 44, United States Code; and (B) includes industrial control systems, such as supervisory control and data acquisi-tion systems, distributed control systems, and programmable logic controllers; (4) the term ‘‘issuer’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c); (5) the term ‘‘NIST’’ means the National Institute of Standards and Technology; and (6) the term ‘‘reporting company’’ means any company that is an issuer— (A) the securities of which are registered under section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78l); or (B) that is required to file reports under section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)). (b) R
EQUIREMENT TO ISSUE RULES .—Not later than 360 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Commission shall issue final rules to require each reporting com-pany, in the annual report submitted under section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m and 78o(d)) or the annual proxy statement sub-mitted under section 14(a) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78n(a))— (1) to disclose whether any member of the governing body, such as the board of direc-tors or general partner, of the reporting company has expertise or experience in cy-bersecurity and in such detail as necessary to fully describe the nature of the expertise or experience; and (2) if no member of the governing body of the reporting company has expertise or expe-rience in cybersecurity, to describe what other cybersecurity steps taken by the re-porting company were taken into account by such persons responsible for identifying and evaluating nominees for any member of the governing body, such as a nominating com-mittee. (c) C
YBERSECURITY EXPERTISE OR EXPERI -
ENCE .—For purposes of subsection (b), the Commission, in consultation with NIST, shall define what constitutes expertise or ex-perience in cybersecurity, such as profes-sional qualifications to administer informa-tion security program functions or experi-ence detecting, preventing, mitigating, or addressing cybersecurity threats, using com-monly defined roles, specialities, knowledge, skills, and abilities, such as those provided in NIST Special Publication 800–181 entitled ‘‘NICE Cybersecurity Workforce Frame-work’’, or any successor thereto. SA 2670. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At appropriate place, insert the following: 
SEC. llll. PERMISSIBLE PURPOSES OF RE-PORTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Control Your Personal Credit Information Act of 2018’’. (b) R
EPORTS .—The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 604 (15 U.S.C. 1681b)— (A) by striking subsections (c) through (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) C
ONDITIONS FOR FURNISHING CERTAIN  C
ONSUMER REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report for the following purposes only if the consumer provides the consumer reporting agency with affirmative written consent to furnish the consumer report, after furnishing proper identification under section 610: ‘‘(A) An extension of credit pursuant to subsection (a)(3)(A). ‘‘(B) The underwriting of insurance pursu-ant to subsection (a)(3)(C). ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS ; ELECTION .—After a consumer has provided affirmative written consent and furnished proper identification under paragraph (1) to a consumer reporting agency, the consumer reporting agency may continue to furnish consumer reports solely for the purposes of reviewing or collecting on an account described in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of subsection (a)(3). ‘‘(3) F
URNISHING REPORTS IN CONNECTION  
WITH CREDIT OR INSURANCE TRANSACTIONS  
THAT ARE NOT INITIATED BY CONSUMER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report to a person in connection with any credit or in-surance transaction under subparagraph (A) or (C) of subsection (a)(3) that is not initi-ated by the consumer only if— ‘‘(i) the consumer provides the consumer reporting agency affirmative written con-sent to furnish the consumer report, after furnishing proper identification under sec-tion 610; and ‘‘(ii) the transaction consists of a firm offer of credit or insurance. ‘‘(B) E
LECTION .—The consumer may elect to— ‘‘(i) have the consumer’s name and address-es included in lists of names and addresses provided by the consumer reporting agency pursuant to subparagraphs (A) and (C) of subsection (a)(3) in connection with any credit or insurance transaction that is not initiated by the consumer only if— ‘‘(I) the consumer provides the consumer reporting agency affirmative written con-sent to furnish the consumer report, after furnishing proper identification under sec-tion 610; and ‘‘(II) the transaction consists of a firm offer of credit or insurance; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00246 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.089 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3641 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(ii) revoke at any time the election pursu-ant to clause (i) to have the consumer’s name and address included in lists provided by a consumer reporting agency. ‘‘(C) I
NFORMATION REGARDING INQUIRIES .— Except as provided in section 609(a)(5), a con-sumer reporting agency shall not furnish to any person a record of inquiries in connec-tion with a credit or insurance transaction that is not initiated by a consumer. ‘‘(4) D
ISCLOSURES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A person may not pro-cure a consumer report for any purpose pur-suant to subparagraphs (D), (F), and (G) of subsection (a)(3) unless— ‘‘(i) a clear and conspicuous disclosure has been made in writing to the consumer at any time before the report is procured or caused to be procured, in a document that consists solely of the disclosure, that a consumer re-port may be obtained for such purposes; and ‘‘(ii) the consumer has authorized in writ-ing the procurement of the consumer report by that person. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATIONS .—The authorization described in subparagraph (A)(ii) may be made on the disclosure document provided under subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(5) R
ULE MAKING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Control Your Personal Credit Information Act of 2018, the Director of the Bureau shall pro-mulgate regulations that— ‘‘(A) implement this subsection; ‘‘(B) establish a model form for the disclo-sure document pursuant to paragraph (4) and define the term clear and conspicuous disclo-sure; ‘‘(C) establish guidelines that permit con-sumers to provide a single written authoriza-tion as required by paragraph (1) for a spe-cific time period for multiple users for the specified purpose during that time period; ‘‘(D) require a consumer reporting agency to provide to each consumer a secure, con-venient, accessible, and cost-free method by which a consumer may allow or disallow the furnishing of consumer reports pursuant to this subsection; and ‘‘(E) require a consumer reporting agency not later than 2 business days after the date on which a consumer makes an election to revoke the consumer’s inclusion of the con-sumer’s name and address in lists provided by a consumer reporting agency pursuant to paragraph (3)(B) to implement that election. ‘‘(6) P
ROHIBITIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The method described in paragraph (5)(D) shall not be used to— ‘‘(i) collect any information on a consumer that is not necessary for the purpose of the consumer to allow or disallow the furnishing of consumer reports; or ‘‘(ii) advertise any product or service. ‘‘(B) N
O WAIVER .—In the offering of a meth-od described in paragraph (5)(D), a consumer reporting agency shall not require a con-sumer to waive any rights nor indemnify the consumer reporting agency from any liabil-ities arising from the offering of such meth-od. ‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(A) CFPB.— ‘‘(i) R
ECOMMENDATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Con-trol Your Personal Credit Information Act of 2018, the Director of the Bureau shall, after consultation with the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, the National Credit Union Administration, and other Federal and State regulators as the Director of the Bureau de-termines are appropriate, submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives recommendations on how to provide consumers greater transparency and personal control over their consumer reports furnished for permissible purposes under sub-sections (a)(3)(E) and (a)(6). ‘‘(ii) R
EPORT .—The Director of the Bureau shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives an annual report that includes recommendations on how this subsection may be improved, a description of enforcement actions taken to demonstrate compliance with this subsection, rec-ommendations on how to improve oversight of consumer reporting agencies and users of consumer reports, and any other rec-ommendations concerning how consumers may be provided greater transparency and control over their personal information. ‘‘(B) GAO.— ‘‘(i) STUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on what additional protections or restrictions may be needed to ensure that the informa-tion collected in consumer files is secure and does not adversely impact consumers. ‘‘(ii) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Control Your Personal Credit Information Act of 2018, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the re-sults of the study under clause (i), which shall include— ‘‘(I) to the greatest extent possible, the presentation of unambiguous conclusions and specific recommendations for further legislative changes needed to ensure that the information collected in consumer files is se-cure and does not adversely impact con-sumers; and ‘‘(II) if no recommendations for further legislative changes are presented, a detailed explanation of why no such changes are rec-ommended.’’; (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) N
OFEES.—No consumer reporting agency may charge a consumer any fee for any activity pursuant to this section.’’; (2) in section 607(a) (15 U.S.C. 1681e(a)), by inserting ‘‘Every consumer reporting agency shall use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid unauthorized access to consumer re-ports and information in the file of a con-sumer maintained by the consumer reporting agency, including complying with any appro-priate standards established under section 501(b) of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6801(b)).’’ after the end of the third sentence; (3) in section 609 (15 U.S.C. 1681g), by strik-ing subsection (b) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) S
COPE OF DISCLOSURE .—The Director of the Bureau shall promulgate regulations to clarify that any information held by a consumer reporting agency about a con-sumer shall be disclosed to the consumer when a consumer makes a written request, irrespective of whether the information is held by the parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of a consumer reporting agency.’’; and (4) in section 610(a)(1) (15 U.S.C. 1681h(a)(1)), by striking ‘‘section 609’’ and in-serting ‘‘sections 604 and 609’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 603(d)(3) (15 U.S.C. 1681a(d)(3)), in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A), by striking ‘‘604(g)(3)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘604(e)(3)’’; (2) in section 615(d) (15 U.S.C. 1681m(d))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘604(c)(1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘604(c)(3)(A)(ii)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘604(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘604(c)(5)(D)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘604(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘604(c)(5)(D)’’; and (3) in section 625(b)(1)(A) (15 U.S.C. 1681t(b)(1)(A)), by striking ‘‘subsection (c) or (e) of section 604’’ and inserting ‘‘604(c)’’. SA 2671. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: DIVISION E—DHS AUTHORIZATION ACT 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security Authorization Act’’ or the ‘‘DHS Authorization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY HEADQUARTERS Subtitle A—Headquarters Operations 
SEC. 1101. FUNCTIONS AND COMPONENTS OF HEADQUARTERS OF DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘through the Office of State and Local Coordination (established under section 801)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘through the Office of Partnership and Engagement’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) H
EADQUARTERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is in the Depart-ment a Headquarters. ‘‘(2) C
OMPONENTS .—The Department Head-quarters shall include each of the following: ‘‘(A) The Office of the Secretary, which shall include— ‘‘(i) the Deputy Secretary; ‘‘(ii) the Chief of Staff; and ‘‘(iii) the Executive Secretary. ‘‘(B) The Management Directorate, includ-ing the Office of the Chief Financial Officer. ‘‘(C) The Science and Technology Direc-torate. ‘‘(D) The Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans. ‘‘(E) The Office of the General Counsel. ‘‘(F) The Office of the Chief Privacy and FOIA Officer. ‘‘(G) The Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties. ‘‘(H) The Office of Operations Coordina-tion. ‘‘(I) The Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis. ‘‘(J) The Office of Legislative Affairs. ‘‘(K) The Office of Public Affairs. ‘‘(L) The Office of the Inspector General. ‘‘(M) The Office of the Citizenship and Im-migration Services Ombudsman. ‘‘(N) The Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office. ‘‘(O) The Office of Partnership and Engage-ment.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  A
SSISTANT SECRETARIES .—Section 103(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘; A
SSISTANT SECRETARIES AND OTHER OFFI-
CERS’’ after ‘‘U NDER SECRETARIES ’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by amending subpara-graph (I) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) An Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration.’’; (3) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARIES .—The fol- lowing Assistant Secretaries shall be ap-pointed by the President or the Secretary, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Jun 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00247 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\S11JN8.REC S11JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3642 June 11, 2018 
the case may be, without the advice and con-sent of the Senate: ‘‘(A) P
RESIDENTIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The Department shall have the following Assist-ant Secretaries appointed by the President: ‘‘(i) The Assistant Secretary for Public Af-fairs. ‘‘(ii) The Assistant Secretary for Legisla-tive Affairs. ‘‘(iii) The Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice. ‘‘(iv) The Chief Medical Officer. ‘‘(B) S
ECRETARIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The De- partment shall have the following Assistant Secretaries appointed by the Secretary: ‘‘(i) The Assistant Secretary for Inter-national Affairs. ‘‘(ii) The Assistant Secretary for Threat Prevention and Security Policy. ‘‘(iii) The Assistant Secretary for Border, Immigration, and Trade Policy. ‘‘(iv) The Assistant Secretary for Cyberse-curity, Infrastructure, and Resilience Policy. ‘‘(v) The Assistant Secretary for Strategy, Planning, Analysis, and Risk. ‘‘(vi) The Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement. ‘‘(vii) The Assistant Secretary for Partner-ship and Engagement. ‘‘(viii) The Assistant Secretary for Private Sector.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON CREATION OF POSI -
TIONS .—No Assistant Secretary position may be created in addition to the positions pro-vided for by this section unless such position is authorized by a statute enacted after the date of the enactment of the DHS Authoriza-tion Act.’’. 
SEC. 1102. RESPONSIBILITIES AND FUNCTIONS OF CHIEF PRIVACY AND FOIA OFFI-CER. 
Section 222(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 142(a)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘to be the Chief Privacy and FOIA Officer of the Department,’’ after ‘‘in the Department,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘to the Secretary, to as-sume’’ and inserting ‘‘to the Secretary. Such official shall have’’; (2) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) by striking paragraph (6); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) developing guidance to assist compo-nents of the Department in developing pri-vacy policies and practices; ‘‘(7) establishing a mechanism to ensure such components are in compliance with Federal regulatory and statutory and De-partment privacy requirements, mandates, directives, and policies, including require-ments under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Free-dom of Information Act’); ‘‘(8) working with components and offices of the Department to ensure that informa-tion sharing and policy development activi-ties incorporate privacy protections; ‘‘(9) serving as the Chief FOIA Officer of the Department for purposes of section 552(j) of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’); ‘‘(10) preparing an annual report to Con-gress that includes a description of the ac-tivities of the Department that affect pri-vacy during the fiscal year covered by the re-port, including complaints of privacy viola-tions, implementation of section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’), internal controls, and other matters; and ‘‘(11) carrying out such other responsibil-ities as the Secretary determines are appro-priate, consistent with this section.’’. SEC. 1103. RESPONSIBILITIES OF CHIEF FINAN-CIAL OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 702 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 342) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In carrying out the responsibilities, authorities, and functions specified in section 902 of title 31, United States Code, the Chief Financial Officer shall— ‘‘(1) oversee Department budget formula-tion and execution; ‘‘(2) lead and provide guidance on perform-ance-based budgeting practices for the De-partment to ensure that the Department and its components are meeting missions and goals; ‘‘(3) lead cost-estimating practices for the Department, including the development of policies on cost estimating and approval of life cycle cost estimates; ‘‘(4) coordinate with the Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans to ensure that the develop-ment of the budget for the Department is compatible with the long-term strategic plans, priorities, and policies of the Sec-retary; ‘‘(5) develop financial management policy for the Department and oversee the imple-mentation of such policy, including the es-tablishment of effective internal controls over financial reporting systems and proc-esses throughout the Department; ‘‘(6) lead financial system modernization efforts throughout the Department; ‘‘(7) lead the efforts of the Department re-lated to financial oversight, including identi-fying ways to streamline and standardize business processes; ‘‘(8) oversee the costs of acquisition pro-grams and related activities to ensure that actual and planned costs are in accordance with budget estimates and are affordable, or can be adequately funded, over the lifecycle of such programs and activities; ‘‘(9) fully implement a common accounting structure to be used across the entire De-partment by fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(10) participate in the selection, perform-ance planning, and review of cost estimating positions with the Department; ‘‘(11) track, approve, oversee, and make public information on expenditures by com-ponents of the Department for conferences, as appropriate, including by requiring each component to— ‘‘(A) report to the Inspector General of the Department the expenditures by such compo-nent for each conference hosted for which the total expenditures of the Department ex-ceed $100,000, within 15 days after the date of the conference; and ‘‘(B) with respect to such expenditures, provide to the Inspector General— ‘‘(i) the information described in sub-sections (a), (b), and (c) of section 739 of title VII of division E of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235; 128 Stat. 2389); and ‘‘(ii) documentation of such expenditures; and ‘‘(12) track and make public information on expenditures by components of the De-partment for conferences, as appropriate, in-cluding by requiring each component to— ‘‘(A) report to the Inspector General of the Department the expenditures by such compo-nent for each conference hosted or attended by Department employees for which the total expenditures of the Department are more than $20,000 and less than $100,000, not later than 30 days after the date of the con-ference; and ‘‘(B) with respect to such expenditures, provide to the Inspector General— ‘‘(i) the information described in sub-sections (a), (b), and (c) of section 739 of title VII of division E of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235; 128 Stat. 2389); and ‘‘(ii) documentation of such expendi-tures.’’. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendment made by this section may be construed as altering or amending the re-sponsibilities, authorities, and functions of the Chief Financial Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security under section 902 of title 31, United States Code. 
SEC. 1104. CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 703 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘, or to another official of the Department, as the Secretary may di-rect’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In addition to the functions under section 3506(a)(2) of title 44, United States Code, and section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, the Chief Information Officer shall— ‘‘(1) serve as the lead technical authority for information technology programs of the Department and components of the Depart-ment; and ‘‘(2) advise and assist the Secretary, heads of the components of the Department, and other senior officers in carrying out the re-sponsibilities of the Department for all ac-tivities relating to the budgets, programs, security, and operations of the information technology functions of the Department.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) S
TRATEGIC PLANS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Information Officer shall, in coordination with the Chief Financial Officer, develop an information technology strategic plan every 5 years and report to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate on the extent to which— ‘‘(A) the budget of the Department aligns with priorities specified in the information technology strategic plan; ‘‘(B) the information technology strategic plan informs the budget process of the De-partment; ‘‘(C) the Department has identified and ad-dressed skills gaps needed to implement the information technology strategic plan; ‘‘(D) unnecessary duplicative information technology within and across the compo-nents of the Department has been elimi-nated; ‘‘(E) outcome-oriented goals, quantifiable performance measures, and strategies for achieving those goals and measures have succeeded; and ‘‘(F) internal control weaknesses and how the Department will address those weak-nesses. ‘‘(2) I
NITIAL PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Chief Information Officer shall complete the first information technology strategic plan required under paragraph (1).’’. (b) S
OFTWARE LICENSING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and each year thereafter through fiscal year 2021, the Chief Information Officer of the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00248 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3643 June 11, 2018 
of Homeland Security shall submit the com-prehensive software license policy developed to meet the requirements of section 2 of the MEGABYTE Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 11302 note), including any updates provided to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, to— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee of Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; and (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. (2) D
EPARTMENT INVENTORY .—Beginning in fiscal year 2022, and once every 2 fiscal years thereafter, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, in consultation with the component chief infor-mation officers, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report con-taining— (A) a department-wide inventory of all software licenses held by the Department of Homeland Security on unclassified and clas-sified systems, including utilized and unuti-lized licenses; (B) an assessment of the needs of the De-partment of Homeland Security and the components of the Department of Homeland Security for software licenses for the subse-quent 2 fiscal years; (C) an explanation as to how the use of shared cloud-computing services or other new technologies will impact the needs for software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years; and (D) plans and estimated costs for elimi-nating unutilized software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years; and (E) a plan to expedite licensing of software developed for the Department of Homeland Security to the private sector. (3) P
LAN TO REDUCE SOFTWARE LICENSES .—If the Chief Information Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security determines through the inventory conducted under para-graph (2) that the number of software li-censes held by the Department of Homeland Security and the components of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security exceeds the needs of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, not later than 90 days after the date on which the inventory is completed, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall establish a plan for reducing the number of such soft-ware licenses to meet needs of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than the end of fiscal year 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall review the extent to which the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Homeland Security fulfilled all requirements established in this section and the amend-ments made by this section. 
SEC. 1105. QUADRENNIAL HOMELAND SECURITY REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 706 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by section 1142 of this Act, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) representatives from appropriate advi-sory committees established pursuant to sec-tion 871, including the Homeland Security Advisory Council and the Homeland Security Science and Technology Advisory Com-mittee, or otherwise established, including the Aviation Security Advisory Committee established pursuant to section 44946 of title 49, United States Code; and’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘based on the risk assessment required pur-suant to subsection (c)(2)(B)’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, to the extent prac-ticable,’’ after ‘‘describe’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘budget plan’’ and insert-ing ‘‘resources required’’; (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, to the extent prac-ticable,’’ after ‘‘identify’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘budget plan required to provide sufficient resources to successfully’’ and inserting ‘‘resources required to’’; and (iii) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘, including any resources identified from redundant, wasteful, or un-necessary capabilities and capacities that can be redirected to better support other ex-isting capabilities and capacities, as the case may be; and’’; (D) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (E) by striking paragraph (6); (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘de-scription of the threats to’’ and inserting ‘‘risk assessment of’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, as required under subsection (b)(2)’’ before the semicolon at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by inserting ‘‘to the extent prac-ticable,’’ before ‘‘a description’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘budget plan’’ and insert-ing ‘‘resources required’’; (iv) in subparagraph (F)— (I) by inserting ‘‘to the extent prac-ticable,’’ before ‘‘a discussion’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the status of’’; (v) in subparagraph (G)— (I) by inserting ‘‘to the extent prac-ticable,’’ before ‘‘a discussion’’; (II) by striking ‘‘the status of’’; (III) by inserting ‘‘and risks’’ before ‘‘to national homeland’’; and (IV) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (vi) by striking subparagraph (H); and (vii) by redesignating subparagraph (I) as subparagraph (H); (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) DOCUMENTATION .—The Secretary shall retain, from each quadrennial homeland se-curity review, all information regarding the risk assessment, as required under sub-section (c)(2)(B), including— ‘‘(A) the risk model utilized to generate the risk assessment; ‘‘(B) information, including data used in the risk model, utilized to generate the risk assessment; and ‘‘(C) sources of information, including other risk assessments, utilized to generate the risk assessment.’’; (4) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (5) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the submission of each report required under subsection (c)(1), the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate information on the degree to which the findings and rec-ommendations developed in the quadrennial homeland security review covered by the re-port were integrated into the acquisition strategy and expenditure plans for the De-partment.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to a quadrennial homeland security review conducted under section 706 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated, after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1106. OFFICE OF STRATEGY, POLICY, AND PLANS. 
(a) A BOLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF INTER -
NATIONAL AFFAIRS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office of Inter-national Affairs within the Office of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security is abolished. (2) T
RANSFER OF ASSETS AND PERSONNEL .— The functions authorized to be performed by the office described in paragraph (1) as of the day before the date of enactment of this Act, and the assets and personnel associated with such functions, are transferred to the Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans of the Department of Homeland Security under section 708 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by section 1142 of this Act. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 317(b) (6 U.S.C. 195c(b))— (i) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for International Affairs,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘the Office of International Affairs and’’; and (B) by striking section 879 (6 U.S.C. 459). (4) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 879. (b) H
OMELAND SECURITY ADVISORY COUN-
CIL.—Section 102(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) shall establish a Homeland Security Advisory Council to provide advice and rec-ommendations on homeland security-related matters, including advice with respect to the preparation of the quadrennial homeland se-curity review under section 706.’’. (c) O
FFICE OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS .—Sec- tion 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) O
FFICE OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any report that the Department or a component of the Depart-ment is required to submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate or the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under any provision of law shall be submitted concurrently to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any report described in paragraph (1) that is submitted on or after the date of enactment of the DHS Authoriza-tion Act. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall notify, in writing, the chairmen and ranking members of the authorizing and appropriating com-mittees of jurisdiction regarding policy memoranda, management directives, and re-programming notifications issued by the De-partment.’’. (d) O
FFICE OF PRIVATE SECTOR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 103 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00249 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3644 June 11, 2018 
amended, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) O
FFICE OF PRIVATE SECTOR .—The As- sistant Secretary for Private Sector shall be responsible for— ‘‘(1) creating and fostering strategic com-munications with the private sector to en-hance the primary mission of the Depart-ment to protect the American homeland; ‘‘(2) advising the Secretary on the impact of the Department’s policies, regulations, processes, and actions on the private sector; ‘‘(3) interfacing with other relevant Fed-eral agencies with homeland security mis-sions to assess the impact of these agencies’ actions on the private sector; ‘‘(4) creating and managing private sector advisory councils composed of representa-tives of industries and associations des-ignated by the Secretary to— ‘‘(A) advise the Secretary on private sector products, applications, and solutions as they relate to homeland security challenges; and ‘‘(B) advise the Secretary on homeland se-curity policies, regulations, processes, and actions that affect the participating indus-tries and associations; ‘‘(5) working with Federal laboratories, federally funded research and development centers, other federally funded organiza-tions, academia, and the private sector to de-velop innovative approaches to address homeland security challenges to produce and deploy the best available technologies for homeland security missions; ‘‘(6) promoting existing public-private partnerships and developing new public-pri-vate partnerships to provide for collabora-tion and mutual support to address home-land security challenges; and ‘‘(7) assisting in the development and pro-motion of private sector best practices to se-cure critical infrastructure.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 102(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112(f)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) through (7); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (8), (9), (10), and (11) as paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4), respectively. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section each of the terms ‘‘assets’’, ‘‘functions’’, and ‘‘per-sonnel’’ have the meanings given those terms under section 2 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). (f) D
UPLICATION REVIEW .— (1) R
EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall complete a review of the functions and re-sponsibilities of each Department of Home-land Security component responsible for international affairs to identify and elimi-nate areas of unnecessary duplication. (2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of the re-view required under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall provide the results of the review to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. (3) A
CTION PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the congressional homeland security committees, as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101, as amended by this Act, an action plan, in-cluding corrective steps and an estimated date of completion, to address areas of dupli-cation, fragmentation, and overlap and op-portunities for cost savings and revenue en-hancement, as identified by the Government Accountability Office based on the annual report of the Government Accountability Of-fice entitled ‘‘Additional Opportunities to Reduce Fragmentation, Overlap, and Dupli-cation and Achieve Other Financial Bene-fits’’. SEC. 1107. CHIEF PROCUREMENT OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 1142, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 709. CHIEF PROCUREMENT OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Depart-ment a Chief Procurement Officer, who shall serve as a senior business advisor to agency officials on procurement-related matters and report directly to the Under Secretary for Management. The Chief Procurement Officer is the senior procurement executive for pur-poses of subsection (c) of section 1702 of title 41, United States Code, and shall perform procurement functions as specified in such subsection. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Procure-ment Officer shall— ‘‘(1) delegate or retain contracting author-ity, as appropriate; ‘‘(2) issue procurement policies and oversee the heads of contracting activity of the De-partment to ensure compliance with those policies; ‘‘(3) serve as the main liaison of the De-partment to industry on procurement-re-lated issues; ‘‘(4) account for the integrity, perform-ance, and oversight of Department procure-ment and contracting functions; ‘‘(5) ensure that procurement contracting strategies and plans are consistent with the intent and direction of the Acquisition Re-view Board; ‘‘(6) oversee a centralized acquisition workforce certification and training pro-gram using, as appropriate, existing best practices and acquisition training opportuni-ties from the Federal Government, private sector, or universities and colleges to in-clude training on how best to identify ac-tions that warrant referrals for suspension or debarment; ‘‘(7) approve the selection and organiza-tional placement of each head of contracting activity within the Department and partici-pate in the periodic performance reviews of each head of contracting activity of the De-partment; ‘‘(8) ensure that a fair proportion of the value of Federal contracts and subcontracts are awarded to small business concerns, as defined under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632), (in accordance with the procurement contract goals under section 15(g) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)), maximize opportunities for small business participation in such contracts, and ensure, to the extent practicable, small busi-ness concerns that achieve qualified vendor status for security-related technologies are provided an opportunity to compete for con-tracts for such technology; and ‘‘(9) carry out any other procurement du-ties that the Under Secretary for Manage-ment may designate. ‘‘(c) H
EAD OF CONTRACTING ACTIVITY DE-
FINED .—In this section the term ‘head of con-tracting activity’ means an official who is delegated, by the Chief Procurement Officer and Senior Procurement Executive, the re-sponsibility for the creation, management, and oversight of a team of procurement pro-fessionals properly trained, certified, and warranted to accomplish the acquisition of products and services on behalf of the des-ignated components, offices, and organiza-tions of the Department, and as authorized, other government entities.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1142, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 708 the following: ‘‘Sec. 709. Chief Procurement Officer.’’. SEC. 1108. CHIEF SECURITY OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 1107, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 710. CHIEF SECURITY OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Depart-ment a Chief Security Officer, who shall re-port directly to the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Security Officer shall— ‘‘(1) develop, implement, and oversee com-pliance with the security policies, programs, and standards of the Department; ‘‘(2) participate in— ‘‘(A) the selection and organizational placement of each senior security official of a component, and the deputy for each such official, and any other senior executives re-sponsible for security-related matters; and ‘‘(B) the periodic performance planning and reviews; ‘‘(3) identify training requirements, stand-ards, and oversight of education to Depart-ment personnel on security-related matters; ‘‘(4) develop security programmatic guide-lines; ‘‘(5) review contracts and interagency agreements associated with major security investments within the Department; and ‘‘(6) provide support to Department compo-nents on security-related matters.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended, as amended by sec-tion 1107, by inserting after the item relating to section 709 the following: ‘‘Sec. 710. Chief Security Officer.’’. 
SEC. 1109. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
(a) N OTIFICATION .—The heads of offices and components of the Department of Homeland Security shall promptly advise the Inspector General of the Department of all allegations of misconduct with respect to which the In-spector General has investigative authority under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (b) W
AIVER .—The Inspector General may waive the notification requirement under this section with respect to any category or subset of allegations of misconduct. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting the authority of the Secretary of Homeland Security under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SEC. 1110. OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS AND CIVIL LIBERTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 705 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 345) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
ES-
TABLISHMENT OF OFFICER FOR ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘Chief’’ before ‘‘Officer’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (d); and (4) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) O
FFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS AND CIVIL L
IBERTIES .—There is in the Department an Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties. Under the direction of the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer, the Office shall support the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Lib-erties Officer in the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00250 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3645 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(1) Integrating civil rights and civil lib-erties into activities of the Department by conducting programs and providing policy advice and other technical assistance. ‘‘(2) Investigating complaints and informa-tion indicating possible abuses of civil rights or civil liberties, unless the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department determines that any such complaint or information should be in-vestigated by the Inspector General. ‘‘(3) Directing the Department’s equal em-ployment opportunity and diversity policies and programs, including complaint manage-ment and adjudication. ‘‘(4) Communicating with individuals and communities whose civil rights and civil lib-erties may be affected by Department activi-ties. ‘‘(5) Any other activities as assigned by the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer. ‘‘(c) C
OMPONENT CIVIL RIGHTS AND CIVIL L
IBERTIES OFFICERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In consultation with the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer, the head of each component of the Depart-ment shall appoint a senior-level Federal employee with experience and background in civil rights and civil liberties as the Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer for the component. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Each Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer appointed under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) serve as the main point of contact for the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Of-ficer; and ‘‘(B) coordinate with the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer to oversee the in-tegration of civil rights and civil liberties into the activities of the component.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 705 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 705. Civil Rights and Civil Liberties.’’. 
SEC. 1111. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNDER SEC-
RETARY FOR SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY .— (1) D
IRECTORATE FOR SCIENCE AND TECH -
NOLOGY .—Section 302 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 182) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The Secretary, acting through the Under’’ and inserting ‘‘The Under’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and eval-uation’’ and inserting ‘‘evaluation, and standards coordination and development’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 315(a)(2)(A) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking ‘‘Direc-torate of Science and Technology and Home-land Security Advanced Research Projects Agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Directorate of Science and Technology and the Chief Sci-entist’’. (b) O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF SCIENTIST .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 307 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 187) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
HOMELAND SECURITY ADVANCED RESEARCH  
PROJECTS AGENCY ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OFFICE OF  
THE CHIEF SCIENTIST ’’; (B) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking paragraphs (1) and (3); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (4) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; and (C) by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF SCIENTIST .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Office of the Chief Scientist. ‘‘(2) C
HIEF SCIENTIST .—The Office of the Chief Scientist shall be headed by a Chief Scientist, who shall be appointed by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(3) QUALIFICATIONS .—The Chief Scientist shall— ‘‘(A) be appointed from among distin-guished scientists with specialized training or significant experience in a field related to counterterrorism, traditional homeland se-curity missions, or national defense; and ‘‘(B) have earned an advanced degree at an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)). ‘‘(4) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Scientist shall oversee all research and development to— ‘‘(A) support basic and applied homeland security research to promote revolutionary changes in technologies that would promote homeland security; ‘‘(B) advance the development, testing and evaluation, standards coordination and de-velopment, and deployment of critical home-land security technologies; ‘‘(C) accelerate the prototyping and de-ployment of technologies that would address homeland security vulnerabilities; ‘‘(D) promote the award of competitive, merit-reviewed grants, cooperative agree-ments or contracts to public or private enti-ties, including business, federally funded re-search and development centers, and univer-sities; and ‘‘(E) oversee research and development for the purpose of advancing technology for the investigation of child exploitation crimes, including child victim identification, traf-ficking in persons, and child pornography, and for advanced forensics. ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION .—The Chief Scientist shall ensure that the activities of the Direc-torate for Testing and Evaluation of Science and Technology are coordinated with those of other relevant research agencies, and may oversee projects jointly with other agencies. ‘‘(6) P
ERSONNEL .—In hiring personnel for the Science and Technology Directorate, the Secretary shall have the hiring and manage-ment authorities described in section 1599h of title 10, United States Code. The term of appointments for employees under sub-section (c)(1) of that section may not exceed 5 years before the granting of any extension under subsection (c)(2) of that section. ‘‘(7) D
EMONSTRATIONS .—The Chief Sci-entist, periodically, shall hold homeland se-curity technology demonstrations, pilots, field assessments, and workshops to improve contact among technology developers, ven-dors, component personnel, State, local, and tribal first responders, and acquisition per-sonnel.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 307 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 307. Office of the Chief Scientist.’’. 
SEC. 1112. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY ROTATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E NHANCEMENTS TO THE ROTATION PRO-
GRAM .—Section 844 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 414) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as subsections (a) through (e), respec-tively, and adjusting the margins and the heading typeface accordingly; (3) in subsection (a), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘for employees of the De-partment’’ and inserting ‘‘for certain per-sonnel within the Department’’; (4) in subsection (b), as so redesignated— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (G) as paragraphs (3) through (9), re-spectively, and adjusting the margins ac-cordingly; (B) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) seek to foster greater departmental in-tegration and unity of effort; ‘‘(2) seek to help enhance the knowledge, skills, and abilities of participating per-sonnel with respect to the programs, poli-cies, and activities of the Department;’’; (C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘middle and senior level’’; and (D) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated, by inserting before ‘‘invigorate’’ the following: ‘‘seek to improve morale and retention throughout the Department and’’; (5) in subsection (c), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; and (B) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (i) by striking clause (iii); and (ii) by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and (iv) through (viii) as subparagraphs (A) through (G), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (6) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e), as redesignated by paragraph (2), as sub-sections (e) and (f), respectively; (7) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .—In car- rying out the Rotation Program the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) before selecting employees for partici-pation in the Rotation Program, disseminate information broadly within the Department about the availability of the Rotation Pro-gram, qualifications for participation in the Rotation Program, including full-time em-ployment within the employing component or office not less than 1 year, and the general provisions of the Rotation Program; ‘‘(2) require as a condition of participation in the Rotation Program that an employee— ‘‘(A) is nominated by the head of the com-ponent or office employing the employee; and ‘‘(B) is selected by the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, solely on the basis of relative ability, knowledge, and skills, after fair and open competition that assures that all candidates receive equal opportunity; ‘‘(3) ensure that each employee partici-pating in the Rotation Program shall be en-titled to return, within a reasonable period of time after the end of the period of partici-pation, to the position held by the employee, or a corresponding or higher position, in the component or office that employed the em-ployee prior to the participation of the em-ployee in the Rotation Program; ‘‘(4) require that the rights that would be available to the employee if the employee were detailed from the employing component or office to another Federal agency or office remain available to the employee during the employee participation in the Rotation Pro-gram; and ‘‘(5) require that, during the period of par-ticipation by an employee in the Rotation Program, performance evaluations for the employee— ‘‘(A) shall be conducted by officials in the office or component employing the employee with input from the supervisors of the em-ployee at the component or office in which the employee is placed during that period; and ‘‘(B) shall be provided the same weight with respect to promotions and other re-wards as performance evaluations for service in the office or component employing the employee.’’; and (8) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00251 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3646 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(g) I NTELLIGENCE ROTATIONAL ASSIGNMENT  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish an Intelligence Rotational Assign-ment Program as part of the Rotation Pro-gram under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Chief Human Capital Officer, in conjunction with the Chief Intelligence Officer, shall administer the Intelligence Rotational Assignment Pro-gram established pursuant to paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBILITY .—The Intelligence Rota-tional Assignment Program established pur-suant to paragraph (1) shall be open to em-ployees serving in existing analyst positions within the Department’s intelligence enter-prise and other Department employees as de-termined appropriate by the Chief Human Capital Officer and the Chief Intelligence Of-ficer. ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION .—The responsibilities specified in subsection (c)(2) that apply to the Rotation Program under such subsection shall, as applicable, also apply to the Intel-ligence Rotational Assignment Program under this subsection. ‘‘(h) E
VALUATION .—The Chief Human Cap-ital Officer, acting through the Under Sec-retary for Management, shall— ‘‘(1) perform regular evaluations of the Homeland Security Rotation Program; and ‘‘(2) not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, submit to the Secretary a report detailing the findings of the evalua-tions under paragraph (1) during that fiscal year, which shall include— ‘‘(A) an analysis of the extent to which the program meets the goals under subsection (b); ‘‘(B) feedback from participants in the pro-gram, including the extent to which rota-tions have enhanced their performance in their current role and opportunities to im-prove the program; ‘‘(C) aggregated information about pro-gram participants; and ‘‘(D) a discussion of how rotations can be aligned with the needs of the Department with respect to employee training and mis-sion needs.’’. (b) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION AND OVER-
SIGHT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate information about the status of the Homeland Security Rotation Program authorized by section 844 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. 
SEC. 1113. FUTURE YEARS HOMELAND SECURITY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 874 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 454) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
YEAR’’ and inserting ‘‘ YEARS ’’; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the budget of the President is submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives (referred to in this section as the ‘appropriate committees’) a Future Years Homeland Security Program that cov-ers the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted and the 4 succeeding fiscal years.’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(c) PROJECTION OF ACQUISITION ESTI-
MATES .—On and after February 1, 2019, each Future Years Homeland Security Program shall project— ‘‘(1) acquisition estimates for the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted and the 4 succeeding fiscal years, with specified estimates for each fiscal year, for all major acquisitions by the Department and each component of the Department; and ‘‘(2) estimated annual deployment sched-ules for all physical asset major acquisitions over the 5-fiscal-year period described in paragraph (1), estimated costs and number of service contracts, and the full operating ca-pability for all information technology major acquisitions. ‘‘(d) S
ENSITIVE AND CLASSIFIED INFORMA -
TION.—The Secretary may include with each Future Years Homeland Security Program a classified or other appropriately controlled document containing information required to be submitted under this section that is re-stricted from public disclosure in accordance with Federal law or Executive order. ‘‘(e) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION TO THE  P
UBLIC .—The Secretary shall make available to the public in electronic form the informa-tion required to be submitted to the appro-priate committees under this section, other than information described in subsection (d).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 874 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 874. Future Years Homeland Security Program.’’. 
SEC. 1114. FIELD EFFICIENCIES PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a field efficiencies plan that— (1) examines the facilities and administra-tive and logistics functions of components of the Department of Homeland Security lo-cated within designated geographic areas; and (2) provides specific recommendations and an associated cost-benefit analysis for the consolidation of the facilities and adminis-trative and logistics functions of components of the Department of Homeland Security within each designated geographic area. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The field efficiencies plan submitted under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An accounting of leases held by the De-partment of Homeland Security or the com-ponents of the Department of Homeland Se-curity that have expired in the current fiscal year or will be expiring in the next fiscal year, that have begun or been renewed in the current fiscal year, or that the Department of Homeland Security or the components of the Department of Homeland Security plan to sign or renew in the next fiscal year. (2) For each designated geographic area: (A) An evaluation of specific facilities at which components, or operational entities of components, of the Department of Homeland Security may be closed or consolidated, in-cluding consideration of when leases expire or facilities owned by the Government be-come available. (B) An evaluation of potential consolida-tion with facilities of other Federal, State, or local entities, including— (i) offices; (ii) warehouses; (iii) training centers; (iv) housing; (v) ports, shore facilities, and airfields; (vi) laboratories; (vii) continuity of government facilities; and (viii) other assets as determined by the Secretary. (C) An evaluation of the potential for the consolidation of administrative and logistics functions, including— (i) facility maintenance; (ii) fleet vehicle services; (iii) mail handling and shipping and receiv-ing; (iv) facility security; (v) procurement of goods and services; (vi) information technology and tele-communications services and support; and (vii) additional ways to improve unity of effort and cost savings for field operations and related support activities as determined by the Secretary. (3) An implementation plan, including— (A) near-term actions that can co-locate, consolidate, or dispose of property within 24 months; (B) identifying long-term occupancy agree-ments or leases that cannot be changed with-out a significant cost to the Government; and (C) how the Department of Homeland Secu-rity can ensure it has the capacity, in both personnel and funds, needed to cover up- front costs to achieve consolidation and effi-ciencies. (4) An accounting of any consolidation of the real estate footprint of the Department or any component of the Department, includ-ing the co-location of personnel from dif-ferent components, offices, and agencies within the Department. SEC. 1115. MANAGEMENT. 
(a) S UBMISSION TO CONGRESS OF INFORMA -
TION REGARDING REPROGRAMMING OR TRANS -
FER OF DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  R
ESOURCES TO RESPOND TO OPERATIONAL  S
URGES .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 1108, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 711. ANNUAL SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS OF INFORMATION ON REPROGRAMMING OR TRANSFERS OF FUNDS TO RE-SPOND TO OPERATIONAL SURGES. 
‘‘For each fiscal year until fiscal year 2023, the Secretary shall provide to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, together with the annual budget request for the Department, informa-tion on— ‘‘(1) any circumstance during the fiscal year covered by the report in which the Sec-retary exercised the authority to reprogram or transfer funds to address unforeseen costs, including costs associated with operational surges; and ‘‘(2) any circumstance in which any limita-tion on the transfer or reprogramming of funds affected the ability of the Secretary to address such unforeseen costs.’’. (b) L
ONG TERM REAL PROPERTY STRATE -
GIES.—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 712. CHIEF FACILITIES AND LOGISTICS OF-FICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is a Chief Facili-ties and Logistics Officer of the Department who shall report directly to the Under Sec-retary for Management. The Chief Facilities and Logistics Officer shall be career reserved for a member of the senior executive service. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Facili-ties and Logistics Officer shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00252 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3647 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(1) develop policies and procedures and provide program oversight to manage real property, facilities, environmental and en-ergy programs, personal property, mobile as-sets, equipment, and other material re-sources of the Department; ‘‘(2) manage and execute, in consultation with the component heads, mission support services within the National Capital Region for real property, facilities, environmental and energy programs, and other common headquarters and field activities for the De-partment; and ‘‘(3) provide tactical and transactional services for the Department in the National Capital Region, including transportation, fa-cility operations, and maintenance. 
‘‘SEC. 713. LONG TERM REAL PROPERTY STRATE-GIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) F
IRST STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Under Secretary for Management, in consultation with the Administrator of General Services, shall develop an initial 5- year regional real property strategy for the Department that covers the 5-fiscal-year pe-riod immediately following such date of en-actment. Such strategy shall be geographi-cally organized, as designated by the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(2) S
ECOND STRATEGY .—Not later than the first day of the fourth fiscal year covered by the first strategy under paragraph (1), the Under Secretary for Management, in con-sultation with the Administrator of General Services, shall develop a second 5-year real property strategy for the Department that covers the 5 fiscal years immediately fol-lowing the conclusion of the first strategy. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL STRATEGY .—The initial 5-year strategy developed in accordance with sub-section (a)(1) shall— ‘‘(A) identify opportunities to consolidate real property, optimize the usage of Federal assets, and decrease the number of commer-cial leases and square footage within the De-partment’s real property portfolio; ‘‘(B) provide alternate housing and consoli-dation plans to increase efficiency through joint use of Department spaces while de-creasing the cost of leased space; ‘‘(C) concentrate on geographical areas with a significant Department presence, as identified by the Under Secretary for Man-agement; ‘‘(D) examine the establishment of central Department locations in each such geo-graphical region and the co-location of De-partment components based on the mission sets and responsibilities of such components; ‘‘(E) identify opportunities to reduce over-head costs through co-location or consolida-tion of real property interests or mission support activities, such as shared mail screening and processing, centralized trans-portation and shuttle services, regional tran-sit benefit programs, common contracting for custodial and other services, and leveraging strategic sourcing contracts and sharing of specialized facilities, such as training facilities and resources; ‘‘(F) manage the current Department Workspace Standard for Office Space in ac-cordance with the Department office work-space design process to develop the most effi-cient and effective spaces within the work-space standard usable square foot ranges for all leased for office space entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, including the renewal of any leases for office space existing as of such date; ‘‘(G) define, based on square footage, what constitutes a major real property acquisi-tion; ‘‘(H) prioritize actions to be taken to im-prove the operations and management of the Department’s real property inventory, based on life-cycle cost estimations, in consulta-tion with component heads; ‘‘(I) include information on the head-quarters consolidation project of the Depart-ment, including— ‘‘(i) an updated list of the components and offices to be included in the project; ‘‘(ii) a comprehensive assessment of the current and future real property required by the Department at the site; and ‘‘(iii) updated cost and schedule estimates; and ‘‘(J) include any additional information de-termined appropriate or relevant by the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(2) SECOND STRATEGY .—The second 5-year strategy developed in accordance with sub-section (a)(2) shall include information re-quired in subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), (E), (F), (G), (H), (I), and (J) of paragraph (1) and in-formation on the effectiveness of implemen-tation efforts pursuant to the Department- wide policy required in accordance with sub-section (c), including— ‘‘(A) the impact of such implementation on departmental operations and costs; and ‘‘(B) the degree to which the Department established central Department locations and co-located Department components pur-suant to the results of the examination re-quired by paragraph (1)(D). ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION POLICIES .—Not later than 90 days after the development of each of the regional real property strategies devel-oped in accordance with subsection (a), the Under Secretary for Management shall de-velop or update, as applicable, a Depart-ment-wide policy implementing such strate-gies. ‘‘(d) C
ERTIFICATIONS .—Subject to sub-section (g)(3), the implementation policies developed pursuant to subsection (c) shall re-quire component heads to certify to the Under Secretary for Management that such heads have complied with the requirements specified in subsection (b) before making any major real property decision or recommenda-tion, as defined by the Under Secretary, in-cluding matters related to new leased space, renewing any existing leases, or agreeing to extend or newly occupy any Federal space or new construction, in accordance with the ap-plicable regional real property strategy de-veloped in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(e) U
NDERUTILIZED SPACE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The implementation policies developed pursuant to subsection (c) shall require component heads, acting through regional property managers under subsection (f), to annually report to the Under Secretary for Management on under-utilized space and identify space that may be made available for use, as applicable, by other components or Federal agencies. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Under Secretary for Management may grant an exception to the workspace standard usable square foot ranges described in subsection (b)(1)(F) for specific office locations at which a reduction or elimination of otherwise underutilized space would negatively impact a compo-nent’s ability to execute its mission based on readiness performance measures or would in-crease the cost of such space. ‘‘(3) U
NDERUTILIZED SPACE DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘underutilized space’ means any space with respect to which utilization is greater than the work-place standard usable square foot ranges de-scribed in subsection (b)(1)(F). ‘‘(f) C
OMPONENT RESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) R
EGIONAL PROPERTY MANAGERS .—Each component head shall identify a senior ca-reer employee of each such component for each geographic region included in the re-gional real property strategies developed in accordance with subsection (a) to serve as each such component’s regional property manager. Each such regional property man-ager shall serve as a single point of contact for Department headquarters and other De-partment components for all real property matters relating to each such component within the region in which each such compo-nent is located, and provide data and any other support necessary for the Department of Homeland Security Regional Mission Sup-port Coordinator strategic asset and port-folio planning and execution. ‘‘(2) DATA.—Regional property managers under paragraph (1) shall provide annually to the Under Secretary for Management, via a standardized and centralized system, data on each component’s real property holdings, as specified by the Undersecretary for Manage-ment, including relating to underutilized space under subsection (e) (as such term is defined in such subsection), total square footage leased, annual cost, and total num-ber of staff, for each geographic region in-cluded in the regional real property strate-gies developed in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(g) O
NGOING OVERSIGHT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Management shall monitor components’ ad-herence to the regional real property strate-gies developed in accordance with subsection (a) and the implementation policies devel-oped pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(2) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—The Under Secretary for Management shall annually review the data submitted pursuant to subsection (f)(2) to ensure all underutilized space (as such term is defined in subsection (e)) is properly identified. ‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATION REVIEW .—The Under Secretary for Management shall review, and if appropriate, approve, component certifi-cations under subsection (d) before such components may make any major real prop-erty decision, including matters related to new leased space, renewing any existing leases, or agreeing to extend or newly occupy any Federal space or new construction, in accordance with the applicable regional real property strategy developed in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(4) C
ONGRESSIONAL REPORTING .—The Under Secretary for Management shall annu-ally provide information to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, and the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department on the real property portfolio of the Department, including infor-mation relating to the following: ‘‘(A) A summary of the Department’s real property holdings in each region described in the regional strategies developed in accord-ance with subsection (a), and for each such property, information including the total square footage leased, the total cost, the total number of staff at each such property, and the square foot per person utilization rate for office space (and whether or not it conforms with the workspace standard usa-ble square foot ranges established described in subsection (b)(1)(F)). ‘‘(B) An accounting of all underutilized space (as such term is defined in subsection (e)). ‘‘(C) An accounting of all instances in which the Department or its components consolidated their real property holdings or co-located with another entity within the Department. ‘‘(D) A list of all certifications provided pursuant to subsection (d) and all such cer-tifications approved pursuant to paragraph (3) of this subsection. ‘‘(5) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 120 days after the last day of the fifth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00253 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3648 June 11, 2018 
fiscal year covered in each of the initial and second regional real property strategies de-veloped in accordance with subsection (a), the Inspector General of the Department shall review the information submitted pur-suant to paragraph (4) and issue findings re-garding the effectiveness of the implementa-tion of the Department-wide policy and over-sight efforts of the management of real prop-erty facilities, personal property, mobile as-sets, equipment and the Department’s other material resources as required under this section.’’. (c) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate copies of the regional strategies developed in accordance with section 713(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Act, not later than 90 days after the date of the development of each such strategy. (d) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or an amendment made by this Act shall be construed to effect, modify, or su-persede— (1) the responsibility of agencies for man-agement of their real property holdings pur-suant to title 40 of the United States Code; or (2) the reporting requirements included in the Department of Homeland Security Head-quarters Consolidation Accountability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–150; 130 Stat. 366). (e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1108, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 710 the following: ‘‘Sec. 711. Annual submittal to Congress of information on reprogramming or transfers of funds to respond to operational surges. ‘‘Sec. 712. Chief Facilities and Logistics Offi-cer. ‘‘Sec. 713. Long term real property strate-gies.’’. 
SEC. 1116. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON COST SAV-INGS AND EFFICIENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the congressional homeland secu-rity committees (as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act) a report that includes each of the following: (1) A detailed accounting of the manage-ment and administrative expenditures and activities of each component of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and identifies potential cost savings, avoidances, and effi-ciencies for those expenditures and activi-ties. (2) An examination of major physical as-sets of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, as defined by the Secretary of Home-land Security. (3) A review of the size, experience level, and geographic distribution of the oper-ational personnel of the Department of Homeland Security. (4) Recommendations for adjustments in the management and administration of the Department of Homeland Security that would reduce deficiencies in the capabilities of the Department of Homeland Security, re-duce costs, and enhance efficiencies. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex. SEC. 1117. COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DE-STRUCTION OFFICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.) is amended— (1) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ DO- MESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE’’; (2) by striking section 1901 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1900. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘As-sistant Secretary’ means the Assistant Sec-retary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘(2) O
FFICE .—The term ‘Office’ means the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice established under section 1901(a). ‘‘(3) W
EAPON OF MASS DESTRUCTION .—The term ‘weapon of mass destruction’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). ‘‘Subtitle A—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office’’; 
‘‘SEC. 1901. COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DE-STRUCTION OFFICE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘(b) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The Office shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, who shall be appointed by the Presi-dent. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Assistant Sec-retary shall serve as the Secretary’s prin-cipal advisor on— ‘‘(1) weapons of mass destruction matters and strategies; and ‘‘(2) coordinating the efforts to counter weapons of mass destruction.’’; (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle B—Mission of the Office 
‘‘SEC. 1921. MISSION OF THE OFFICE. 
‘‘The Office shall be responsible for coordi-nating with other Federal efforts and devel-oping departmental strategy and policy to plan, detect, or protect against the importa-tion, possession, storage, transportation, de-velopment, or use of unauthorized chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear mate-rials, devices, or agents, in the United States and to protect against an attack using such materials, devices, or agents against the peo-ple, territory, or interests of the United States. 
‘‘SEC. 1922. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER DEPART-MENT ENTITIES AND FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The authority of the As-sistant Secretary under this title shall nei-ther affect nor diminish the authority or the responsibility of any officer of the Depart-ment or of any officer of any other depart-ment or agency of the United States with re-spect to the command, control, or direction of the functions, personnel, funds, assets, and liabilities of any entity within the De-partment or any Federal department or agency. ‘‘(b) F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  A
GENCY .—Nothing in this title or any other provision of law may be construed to affect or reduce the responsibilities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Ad-ministrator of the Agency, including the di-version of any asset, function, or mission of the Agency or the Administrator of the Agency.’’; (4) by striking section 1905; (5) by redesignating sections 1902, 1903, 1904, 1906, and 1907 as sections 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, and 1927, respectively, and transferring such sections to appear after section 1922, as added by paragraph (3); (6) in section 1923, as so redesignated— (A) in the section heading by striking ‘‘MISSION OF OFFICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ RESPON -
SIBILITIES ’’; and (B) in subsection (a)(11), by striking ‘‘Do-mestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Countering Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion Office’’; (7) in section 1925(a), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 1902’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 1923’’; (8) in section 1926, as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘section 1902(a)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 1923(a)’’; and (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Sec-retary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office’’; and (9) in section 1927, as so redesignated— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(C), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Director of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary for the Coun-tering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 1902’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’. (b) R
EFERENCES AND CONSTRUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any reference in law, reg-ulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to— (A) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office shall be deemed to be a reference to the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice; and (B) the Director for Domestic Nuclear De-tection shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Sections 1923 through 1927 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by subsection (a), shall be construed to cover the chemical and biologi-cal responsibilities of the Assistant Sec-retary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. (3) A
UTHORITY .—The authority of the Di-rector of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice to make grants is transferred to the As-sistant Secretary for the Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction, and such authority shall be construed to include grants for all purposes of title XIX of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. (c) C
HIEF MEDICAL OFFICER .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Title V of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by striking section 516. (2) A
MENDMENT .—Title XIX of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Chief Medical Officer 
‘‘SEC. 1931. CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Depart-ment a Chief Medical Officer, who shall be appointed by the Secretary. The Chief Med-ical Officer shall report to the Assistant Sec-retary. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The individual ap-pointed as Chief Medical Officer shall be a li-censed physician possessing a demonstrated ability in and knowledge of medicine and public health. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Medical Officer shall have the responsibility within the Department for medical issues related to natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters including— ‘‘(1) serving as the principal advisor to the Secretary, the Assistant Secretary, and other Department officials on medical and public health issues; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00254 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3649 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(2) providing operational medical support to all components of the Department; ‘‘(3) as appropriate provide medical liai-sons to the components of the Department, on a reimbursable basis, to provide subject matter expertise on operational medical issues; ‘‘(4) coordinating with State, local, and tribal governments, the medical community, and others within and outside the Depart-ment, including the Department of Health and Human Services Centers for Disease Con-trol, with respect to medical and public health matters; and ‘‘(5) performing such other duties relating to such responsibilities as the Secretary may require.’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 516. (d) W
ORKFORCE HEALTH AND MEDICAL SUP-
PORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 1115, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 714. WORKFORCE HEALTH AND MEDICAL SUPPORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Management shall be responsible for work-force-focused health and medical activities of the Department. The Under Secretary for Management may further delegate these re-sponsibilities as appropriate. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Under Sec-retary for Management, in coordination with the Chief Medical Officer, shall— ‘‘(1) provide oversight and coordinate the medical and health activities of the Depart-ment for the human and animal personnel of the Department; ‘‘(2) establish medical, health, veterinary, and occupational health exposure policy, guidance, strategies, and initiatives for the human and animal personnel of the Depart-ment; ‘‘(3) as deemed appropriate by the Under Secretary, provide medical liaisons to the components of the Department, on a reim-bursable basis, to provide subject matter ex-pertise on occupational medical and public health issues; ‘‘(4) serve as the primary representative for the Department on agreements regarding the detail of Department of Health and Human Services Public Health Service Commis-sioned Corps Officers to the Department, ex-cept that components and offices of the De-partment shall retain authority for funding, determination of specific duties, and super-vision of Commissioned Corps officers de-tailed to a Department component; and ‘‘(5) perform such other duties relating to such responsibilities as the Secretary may require.’’. (e) T
RANSFERS ; ABOLISHMENT .— (1) T
RANSFERS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall transfer— (A) to the Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office all functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of— (i) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, as in existence on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; and (ii) the Office of Health Affairs, as in exist-ence on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, other than the functions, per-sonnel, budget authority, and assets of such office necessary to perform the functions of section 714 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Act; and (B) to the Directorate of Management all functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of the Office of Health Affairs, as in existence on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act, that are necessary to perform the functions of section 714 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Act. (2) ABOLISHMENT .—Upon completion of all transfers pursuant to paragraph (1)— (A) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office of the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of Health Affairs of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security are abolished; (B) the positions of Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs and Director for Domestic Nu-clear Detection are abolished. (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) O
THER OFFICERS .—Section 103(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(d)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (4); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4). (2) N
ATIONAL BIOSURVEILLANCE INTEGRATION  
CENTER .—Section 316(a) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195b(a)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Secretary shall’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, shall’’. (3) I
NTERNATIONAL COOPERATION .—Section 317(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Chief Medical Officer,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (4) F
UNCTIONS TRANSFERRED .—Section 505(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 315(b)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (4); (B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4); and (C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘through (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (3)’’. (5) C
OORDINATION OF DEPARTMENT OF HOME -
LAND SECURITY EFFORTS RELATED TO FOOD , 
AGRICULTURE , AND VETERINARY DEFENSE  
AGAINST TERRORISM .—Section 528(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321q(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Health Af-fairs,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (g) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  C
HEMICAL , B IOLOGICAL , R ADIOLOGICAL , AND N
UCLEAR ACTIVITIES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and once every year thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide a briefing and report to the appropriate congressional committees (as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101) on— (1) the organization and management of the chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activities of the Department of Homeland Security, including research and development activities, and the location of each activity under the organizational struc-ture of the Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office; (2) a comprehensive inventory of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activi-ties, including research and development ac-tivities, of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, highlighting areas of collaboration between components, coordination with other agencies, and the effectiveness and ac-complishments of consolidated chemical, bi-ological, radiological, and nuclear activities of the Department of Homeland Security, in-cluding research and development activities; (3) information relating to how the organi-zational structure of the Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction Office will enhance the development of chemical, biological, ra-diological, and nuclear priorities and capa-bilities across the Department of Homeland Security; (4) a discussion of any resulting cost sav-ings and efficiencies gained through activi-ties described in paragraphs (1) and (2); and (5) recommendations for any necessary statutory changes, or, if no statutory changes are necessary, an explanation of why no statutory or organizational changes are necessary. (h) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by subsection (b), is amended— (1) by inserting after the item relating to section 713 the following: ‘‘Sec. 714. Workforce health and medical support.’’; and (2) by striking the item relating to title XIX (including items relating to section 1901 through section 1907) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘TITLE XIX—COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE ‘‘Sec. 1900. Definitions. ‘‘Subtitle A—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office ‘‘Sec. 1901. Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office. ‘‘Subtitle B—Mission of the Office ‘‘Sec. 1921. Mission of the Office. ‘‘Sec. 1922. Relationship to other depart-ment entities and Federal agen-cies. ‘‘Sec. 1923. Responsibilities. ‘‘Sec. 1924. Hiring authority. ‘‘Sec. 1925. Testing authority. ‘‘Sec. 1926. Contracting and grant making authorities. ‘‘Sec. 1927. Joint annual interagency review of global nuclear detection ar-chitecture. ‘‘Subtitle C—Chief Medical Officer ‘‘Sec. 1931. Chief Medical Officer.’’. (i) S
UNSET .— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘sunset date’’ means the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) A
MENDMENTS .—Effective on the sunset date: (A) Title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.) is amended— (i) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ COUN- TERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUC-TION OFFICE’’ and inserting ‘‘DOMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE’’; (ii) by striking section 1900 and all that fol-lows through the end of section 1901 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1901. DOMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OF-FICE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There shall be estab-lished in the Department a Domestic Nuclear Detection Office (referred to in this title as the ‘Office’). The Secretary may request that the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion, and the directors of other Federal agen-cies, including elements of the Intelligence Community, provide for the reimbursable de-tail of personnel with relevant expertise to the Office. ‘‘(b) D
IRECTOR .—The Office shall be headed by a Director for Domestic Nuclear Detec-tion, who shall be appointed by the Presi-dent.’’; (iii) by redesignating sections 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, and 1927 as sections 1902, 1903, 1904, 1906, and 1907, respectively, and transferring such sections to appear after section 1901, as added by clause (ii); (iv) in section 1902, as so redesignated— (I) in the section heading by striking ‘‘
RE-
SPONSIBILITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ MISSION OF OF -
FICE’’; and (II) in subsection (a)(11), by striking ‘‘Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00255 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3650 June 11, 2018 
Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Domestic Nuclear De-tection Office’’; (v) in section 1904(a), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 1923’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 1902’’; (vi) by inserting after section 1904, as re-designated and transferred by clause (iii), the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1905. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER DEPART-MENT ENTITIES AND FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘The authority of the Director under this title shall not affect the authorities or re-sponsibilities of any officer of the Depart-ment or of any officer of any other depart-ment or agency of the United States with re-spect to the command, control, or direction of the functions, personnel, funds, assets, and liabilities of any entity within the De-partment or any Federal department or agency.’’; (vii) in section 1906, as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘section 1923(a)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 1902(a)’’; and (II) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice’’ and inserting ‘‘Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection’’; and (viii) in section 1907, as so redesignated— (I) in subsection (a)(1)(C), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-rector of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice’’; and (II) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 1923’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1902’’; and (ix) by striking the heading for subtitle B and all that follows through the end of sec-tion 1931. (B) Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by in-serting after section 515 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 516. CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Depart-ment a Chief Medical Officer, who shall be appointed by the President. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The individual ap-pointed as Chief Medical Officer shall possess a demonstrated ability in and knowledge of medicine and public health. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Medical Officer shall have the primary responsibility within the Department for medical issues re-lated to natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters, including— ‘‘(1) serving as the principal advisor to the Secretary and the Administrator on medical and public health issues; ‘‘(2) coordinating the biodefense activities of the Department; ‘‘(3) ensuring internal and external coordi-nation of all medical preparedness and re-sponse activities of the Department, includ-ing training, exercises, and equipment sup-port; ‘‘(4) serving as the Department’s primary point of contact with the Department of Ag-riculture, the Department of Defense, the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Transportation, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and other Fed-eral departments or agencies, on medical and public health issues; ‘‘(5) serving as the Department’s primary point of contact for State, local, and tribal governments, the medical community, and others within and outside the Department, with respect to medical and public health matters; ‘‘(6) discharging, in coordination with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, the responsibilities of the Department re-lated to Project Bioshield; and ‘‘(7) performing such other duties relating to such responsibilities as the Secretary may require.’’. (C) Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by striking section 714. (D) Section 103(d) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(d)) is amended— (i) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (ii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) A Director for Domestic Nuclear De-tection.’’. (E) Section 316(a) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195b(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘, acting through the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (F) Section 317(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chief Medical Offi-cer,’’. (G) Section 505(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 315(b)) is amended— (i) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); (ii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) The Office of the Chief Medical Offi-cer.’’; and (iii) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘through (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (4)’’. (H) Section 528(a) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321q(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Health Affairs,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion Office,’’. (I) The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended— (i) by inserting after the item relating to section 515 the following: ‘‘Sec. 516. Chief medical officer.’’; (ii) by striking the item relating to section 714; and (iii) by striking the item relating to title XIX (including items relating to section 1900 through section 1931) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘TITLE XIX—DOMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE ‘‘Sec. 1901. Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice. ‘‘Sec. 1902. Mission of Office. ‘‘Sec. 1903. Hiring authority. ‘‘Sec. 1904. Testing authority. ‘‘Sec. 1905. Relationship to other Depart-ment entities and Federal agen-cies. ‘‘Sec. 1906. Contracting and grant making authorities. ‘‘Sec. 1907. Joint annual interagency review of global nuclear detection ar-chitecture.’’. (3) T
HIS ACT .—Effective on the sunset date, subsections (a) through (h) of this section, and the amendments made by such sub-sections, shall have no force or effect. (4) T
RANSFERS ; ABOLISHMENT .— (A) T
RANSFERS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall transfer— (i) to the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice, all functions, personnel, budget author-ity, and assets of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, as in existence on the day before the sunset date, except for the functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets that were transferred to the Coun-tering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office under subsection (e)(1)(A)(i); and (ii) to the Office of Health Affairs, the functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets that were transferred to the Coun-tering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office under subsection (e)(1)(A)(ii) or to the Direc-torate of Management under subsection (e)(1)(B). (B) ABOLISHMENT .—Upon completion of all transfers pursuant to subparagraph (A)— (i) the Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office of the Department of Home-land Security is abolished; and (ii) the position of Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office is abolished. 
SEC. 1118. ACTIVITIES RELATED TO INTER-NATIONAL AGREEMENTS; ACTIVI-TIES RELATED TO CHILDREN. 
Section 708(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by section 1142 of this Act, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) enter into agreements with govern-ments of other countries, in consultation with the Secretary of State or the head of another agency, as appropriate, inter-national organizations, and international nongovernmental organizations in order to achieve the missions of the Department;’’; and (3) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘, including feedback from organi-zations representing the needs of children,’’ after ‘‘stakeholder feedback’’. 
SEC. 1119. CANINE DETECTION RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), as amended by section 1601 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 321. CANINE DETECTION RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In furtherance of domes-tic preparedness and response, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, and in consultation with other relevant executive agencies, rel-evant State, local, and tribal governments, and academic and industry stakeholders, shall, to the extent practicable, conduct re-search and development of canine detection technology to mitigate the risk of the threats of existing and emerging weapons of mass destruction. ‘‘(b) S
COPE.—The scope of the research and development under subsection (a) may in-clude the following: ‘‘(1) Canine-based sensing technologies. ‘‘(2) Chem-Bio defense technologies. ‘‘(3) New dimensions of olfaction biology. ‘‘(4) Novel chemical sensing technologies. ‘‘(5) Advances in metabolomics and volatilomics. ‘‘(6) Advances in gene therapy, phenomics, and molecular medicine. ‘‘(7) Reproductive science and technology. ‘‘(8) End user techniques, tactics, and pro-cedures. ‘‘(9) National security policies, standards and practices for canine sensing tech-nologies. ‘‘(10) Protective technology, medicine, and treatments for the canine detection plat-form. ‘‘(11) Domestic capacity and standards de-velopment. ‘‘(12) Emerging threat detection. ‘‘(13) Training aids. ‘‘(14) Genetic, behavioral, and physio-logical optimization of the canine detection platform. ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION AND COLLABORATION .— The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, shall ensure research and development activities are conducted in coordination and collabora-tion with academia, all levels of government, and private sector stakeholders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00256 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3651 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(d) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by this Act, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 320 the following: ‘‘Sec. 321. Canine detection research and de-velopment.’’. Subtitle B—Human Resources and Other Matters 
SEC. 1131. CHIEF HUMAN CAPITAL OFFICER RE-SPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 704 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 344) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and in line’’ and inserting ‘‘, in line’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and informed by success-ful practices within the Federal Government and the private sector,’’ after ‘‘priorities,’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘develop performance measures to provide a basis for monitoring and evaluating’’ and inserting ‘‘develop performance measures to monitor and evaluate on an ongoing basis,’’; (C) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘includ-ing leader development and employee en-gagement programs,’’ before ‘‘in coordina-tion’’; (D) by redesignating paragraphs (9) and (10) as paragraphs (14) and (15), respectively; (E) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (8) as paragraphs (4) through (9), re-spectively; (F) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) assess the need of administrative and mission support staff across the Department, to identify and eliminate the unnecessary use of mission-critical staff for administra-tive and mission support positions;’’; (G) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘that is informed by appropriate workforce planning initiatives’’; and (H) by inserting after paragraph (9), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(10) maintain a catalogue of available em-ployee development opportunities easily ac-cessible to employees of the Department, in-cluding departmental leadership develop-ment programs, interagency development programs, and rotational programs; ‘‘(11) approve the selection and organiza-tional placement of each senior human cap-ital official of each component of the Depart-ment and participate in the periodic per-formance reviews of each such senior human capital official; ‘‘(12) assess the success of the Department and the components of the Department re-garding efforts to recruit and retain employ-ees in rural and remote areas, and make pol-icy recommendations as appropriate to the Secretary and to Congress; ‘‘(13) develop performance measures to monitor and evaluate on an ongoing basis any significant contracts issued by the De-partment or a component of the Department to a private entity regarding the recruit-ment, hiring, or retention of employees;’’. 
SEC. 1132. EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT AND RETEN-TION ACTION PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 1117, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 715. EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT AND RETEN-TION ACTION PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, and not later than September 30 of each fiscal year there-after, issue a Department-wide employee en-gagement and retention action plan to in-form and execute strategies for improving employee engagement, employee retention, Department management and leadership, di-versity and inclusion efforts, employee mo-rale, training and development opportuni-ties, and communications within the Depart-ment, which shall reflect— ‘‘(A) input from representatives from oper-ational components, headquarters, and field personnel, including supervisory and non-su-pervisory personnel, and employee labor or-ganizations that represent employees of the Department; ‘‘(B) employee feedback provided through annual employee surveys, questionnaires, and other communications; and ‘‘(C) performance measures, milestones, and objectives that reflect the priorities and strategies of the action plan to improve em-ployee engagement and retention; and ‘‘(2) require the head of each operational component of the Department to— ‘‘(A) develop and implement a component- specific employee engagement and retention plan to advance the action plan required under paragraph (1) that includes perform-ance measures and objectives, is informed by employee feedback provided through annual employee surveys, questionnaires, and other communications, as appropriate, and sets forth how employees and, if applicable, their labor representatives are to be integrated in developing programs and initiatives; ‘‘(B) monitor progress on implementation of such action plan; and ‘‘(C) provide to the Chief Human Capital Officer quarterly reports on actions planned and progress made under this paragraph. ‘‘(b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the ability of the departmental or component leadership from developing innovative ap-proaches and strategies to employee engage-ment or retention not specifically required under this section. ‘‘(c) R
EPEAL .—This section shall be re-pealed on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1117, is amended by in-serting after the item related to section 714 the following: ‘‘Sec. 715. Employee engagement and reten-tion plan.’’. (2) R
EPEAL .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall be repealed on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) S
UBMISSIONS TO CONGRESS .— (1) D
EPARTMENT -WIDE EMPLOYEE ENGAGE -
MENT ACTION PLAN .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and once 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate the Department-wide em-ployee engagement action plan required under section 715 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a). (2) C
OMPONENT -SPECIFIC EMPLOYEE ENGAGE -
MENT PLANS .—Each head of a component of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate the compo-nent-specific employee engagement plan of each such component required under section 715(a)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a)) not later than 30 days after the issuance of each such plan under such section 715(a)(2). SEC. 1133. REPORT DISCUSSING SECRETARY’S RESPONSIBILITIES, PRIORITIES, AND AN ACCOUNTING OF THE DE-PARTMENT’S WORK REGARDING ELECTION INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall continue to prioritize the provision of assistance, as appropriate and on a voluntary basis, to State and local elec-tion officials in recognition of the impor-tance of election infrastructure to the United States. (b) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and once each year thereafter, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a report detailing— (1) the responsibilities of the Secretary of Homeland Security for coordinating the election infrastructure critical infrastruc-ture subsector; (2) the priorities of the Secretary of Home-land Security for enhancing the security of election infrastructure over the next 1- and 5-year periods that incorporates lessons learned, best practices, and obstacles from the previous year; and (3) a summary of the election infrastruc-ture work of the Department with each State, unit of local government, and tribal and territorial government, as well as with the Government Coordinating Council and the Sector Coordinating Council, and inter-action with other Federal departments and agencies. (c) F
ORM OF REPORTS .—Each report sub-mitted under subsection (b) shall be unclas-sified, but may be accompanied by a classi-fied annex, if necessary. (d) I
NITIAL REPORT .—The first report sub-mitted under subsection (b) shall examine the period beginning on January 6, 2017 through the required reporting period. 
SEC. 1134. POLICY, GUIDANCE, TRAINING, AND COMMUNICATION REGARDING LAW ENFORCEMENT PERSONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct an inventory and assessment of training provided to all law enforcement personnel of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Department’’), including use of force training, and develop and imple-ment a strategic plan to— (1) enhance, modernize, and expand train-ing and continuing education for law en-forcement personnel; and (2) eliminate duplication and increase effi-ciencies in training and continuing edu-cation programs. (b) F
ACTORS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall take into account the follow factors: (1) The hours of training provided to law enforcement personnel and whether such hours should be increased. (2) The hours of continuing education pro-vided to law enforcement personnel, and whether such hours should be increased. (3) The quality of training and continuing education programs and whether the pro-grams are in line with current best practices and standards. (4) The use of technology for training and continuing education purposes, and whether such technology should be modernized and expanded. (5) Reviews of training and education pro-grams by law enforcement personnel, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00257 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3652 June 11, 2018 
whether such programs maximize their abil-ity to carry out the mission of their compo-nents and meet the highest standards of pro-fessionalism and integrity. (6) Whether there is duplicative or overlap-ping training and continuing education pro-grams, and whether such programs can be streamlined to reduce costs and increase effi-ciencies. (c) I
NPUT .—The Secretary shall work with relevant components of the Department to take into account feedback provided by law enforcement personnel (including non-supervisory personnel and employee labor or-ganizations), community stakeholders, the Office of Science and Technology, and the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties in carrying out the assessment of, and devel-oping and implementing the strategic plan with respect to, training and continuing edu-cation programs under subsection (a). (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives an evaluation of the assessment of, and the development and implementation of the strategic plan with respect to, train-ing and continuing education programs under subsection (a). (e) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that evaluates the as-sessment of, and the development and imple-mentation of the strategic plan with respect to, training and continuing education pro-grams under subsection (a). (f) T
IMELY GUIDANCE , COMMUNICATIONS , AND T
RAINING REGARDING POLICY CHANGES AF-
FECTING THE CONDUCT OF LAWENFORCEMENT  
ANDENGAGEMENT WITHMEMBERS OF THE PUB-
LIC.— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘covered order’’ means any executive order, guidance, directive, or memorandum that changes policies regarding the conduct of law enforcement or engagement with members of the public by law enforcement personnel. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary, in co-ordination with the head of each affected law enforcement component of the Department and in consultation with career executives in each affected component, shall— (A) as expeditiously as possible, and not later than 45 days following the effective date of any covered order— (i) publish written documents detailing plans for the implementation of the covered order; (ii) develop and implement a strategy to communicate clearly with all law enforce-ment personnel actively engaged in core law enforcement activities, both in supervisory and nonsupervisory positions, and to provide prompt responses to questions and concerns raised by such personnel, about the covered order; and (iii) develop and implement a detailed plan to ensure that all law enforcement personnel actively engaged in core law enforcement ac-tivities are sufficiently and appropriately trained on any new policies regarding the conduct of law enforcement or engagement with members of the public resulting from the covered order; and (B) submit to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a report— (i) not later than 30 days after the effective date of any covered order, that explains and provides a plan to remedy any delay in tak-ing action under subparagraph (A); and (ii) not later than 60 days after the effec-tive date of any covered order, that describes the actions taken by the Secretary under subparagraph (A). SEC. 1135. HACK DHS BUG BOUNTY PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
UG BOUNTY PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘bug bounty program’’ means a program under which an approved individual, organization, or company is temporarily authorized to identify and report vulnerabilities of Inter-net-facing information technology of the De-partment in exchange for compensation. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (3) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘information technology’’ has the meaning given the term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. (4) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘pilot pro-gram’’ means the bug bounty pilot program required to be established under subsection (b)(1). (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish, within the Office of the Chief Information Officer, a bug boun-ty pilot program to minimize vulnerabilities of Internet-facing information technology of the Department. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the pilot program, the Secretary shall— (A) provide compensation for reports of previously unidentified security vulnerabilities within the websites, applica-tions, and other Internet-facing information technology of the Department that are ac-cessible to the public; (B) award a competitive contract to an en-tity, as necessary, to manage the pilot pro-gram and for executing the remediation of vulnerabilities identified as a consequence of the pilot program; (C) designate mission-critical operations within the Department that should be ex-cluded from the pilot program; (D) consult with the Attorney General on how to ensure that approved individuals, or-ganizations, or companies that comply with the requirements of the pilot program are protected from prosecution under section 1030 of title 18, United States Code, and simi-lar provisions of law for specific activities authorized under the pilot program; (E) consult with the relevant offices at the Department of Defense that were responsible for launching the 2016 ‘‘Hack the Pentagon’’ pilot program and subsequent Department of Defense bug bounty programs; (F) develop an expeditious process by which an approved individual, organization, or company can register with the entity de-scribed in subparagraph (B), submit to a background check as determined by the De-partment, and receive a determination as to eligibility for participation in the pilot pro-gram; and (G) engage qualified interested persons, in-cluding non-government sector representa-tives, about the structure of the pilot pro-gram as constructive and to the extent prac-ticable. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the pilot program is com-pleted, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program, which shall include— (1) the number of approved individuals, or-ganizations, or companies involved in the pilot program, broken down by the number of approved individuals, organizations, or companies that— (A) registered; (B) were approved; (C) submitted security vulnerabilities; and (D) received compensation; (2) the number and severity of vulnerabilities reported as part of the pilot program; (3) the number of previously unidentified security vulnerabilities remediated as a re-sult of the pilot program; (4) the current number of outstanding pre-viously unidentified security vulnerabilities and Department remediation plans; (5) the average length of time between the reporting of security vulnerabilities and re-mediation of the vulnerabilities; (6) the types of compensation provided under the pilot program; and (7) the lessons learned from the pilot pro-gram. (d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department $250,000 for fiscal year 2018 to carry out this section. 
SEC. 1136. COST SAVINGS ENHANCEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Subchapter II of chapter 45 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 4512 the following: ‘‘§ 4512A. Department of Homeland Security awards for cost savings disclosures ‘‘(a) In this section, the term ‘surplus oper-ations and support funds’ means amounts made available for the operations and sup-port account, or equivalent account, of the Department of Homeland Security, or a com-ponent thereof— ‘‘(1) that are identified by an employee of the Department of Homeland Security under subsection (b) as unnecessary; ‘‘(2) that the Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security determines are not required for the purpose for which the amounts were made available; ‘‘(3) that the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security deter-mines are not required for the purpose for which the amounts were made available; and ‘‘(4) the rescission of which would not be detrimental to the full execution of the pur-poses for which the amounts were made available. ‘‘(b) The Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security may pay a cash award to any employee of the Department of Homeland Security whose disclosure of fraud, waste, or mismanagement or identi-fication of surplus operations and support funds to the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security has resulted in cost savings for the Department of Homeland Security. The amount of an award under this section may not exceed the lesser of— ‘‘(1) $10,000; or ‘‘(2) an amount equal to 1 percent of the Department of Homeland Security’s cost savings which the Inspector General deter-mines to be the total savings attributable to the employee’s disclosure or identification. For purposes of paragraph (2), the Inspector General may take into account Department of Homeland Security cost savings projected for subsequent fiscal years which will be at-tributable to such disclosure or identifica-tion. ‘‘(c)(1) The Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall refer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00258 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3653 June 11, 2018 
to the Chief Financial Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security any potential surplus operations and support funds identi-fied by an employee that the Inspector Gen-eral determines meets the requirements under paragraphs (2) and (4) of subsection (a), along with any recommendations of the In-spector General. ‘‘(2)(A) If the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security deter-mines that potential surplus operations and support funds referred under paragraph (1) meet the requirements under subsection (a), except as provided in subsection (d), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall transfer the amount of the surplus operations and support funds from the applicable appropria-tions account to the general fund of the Treasury. ‘‘(B) Any amounts transferred under sub-paragraph (A) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction, ex-cept that in the case of a fiscal year for which there is no Federal budget deficit, such amounts shall be used to reduce the Federal debt (in such manner as the Sec-retary of the Treasury considers appro-priate). ‘‘(3) The Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the Chief Fi-nancial Officer of the Department of Home-land Security shall issue standards and defi-nitions for purposes of making determina-tions relating to potential surplus operations and support funds identified by an employee under this subsection. ‘‘(d)(1) The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity may retain not more than 10 percent of amounts to be transferred to the general fund of the Treasury under subsection (c)(2). ‘‘(2) Amounts retained by the Secretary of Homeland Security under paragraph (1) may be— ‘‘(A) used for the purpose of paying a cash award under subsection (b) to one or more employees who identified the surplus oper-ations and support funds; and ‘‘(B) to the extent amounts remain after paying cash awards under subsection (b), transferred or reprogrammed for use by the Department of Homeland Security, in ac-cordance with any limitation on such a transfer or reprogramming under any other provision of law. ‘‘(e)(1) Not later than October 1 of each fis-cal year, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Secretary of the Treasury a report identifying the total sav-ings achieved during the previous fiscal year through disclosures of possible fraud, waste, or mismanagement and identifications of surplus operations and support funds by an employee. ‘‘(2) Not later than September 30 of each fiscal year, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Secretary of the Treasury a report that, for the previous fis-cal year— ‘‘(A) describes each disclosure of possible fraud, waste, or mismanagement or identi-fication of potentially surplus operations and support funds by an employee of the De-partment of Homeland Security determined by the Department of Homeland Security to have merit; and ‘‘(B) provides the number and amount of cash awards by the Department of Homeland Security under subsection (b). ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall include the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) in each budget request of the Department of Homeland Security submitted to the Office of Management and Budget as part of the preparation of the budget of the President submitted to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31. ‘‘(4) The Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives, and the Government Accountability Office an an-nual report on Federal cost saving and awards based on the reports submitted under paragraphs (1) and (2). ‘‘(f) The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that the cash award program of the Department of Homeland Security com-plies with this section; and ‘‘(2) submit to Congress an annual certifi-cation indicating whether the cash award program of the Department of Homeland Se-curity complies with this section. ‘‘(g) Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this section, and every 3 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the operation of the cost savings and awards program under this section, including any recommendations for legislative changes.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 45 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 4512 the following: ‘‘4512A. Department of Homeland Security awards for cost savings disclo-sures.’’. (3) S
UNSET .—Effective 6 years after the date of enactment of this Act, subchapter II of chapter 45 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking section 4512A; and (B) in the table of sections, by striking the item relating to section 4512A. (b) O
FFICERS ELIGIBLE FOR CASHAWARDS .— Section 4509 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a)’’ before ‘‘No officer’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) The Secretary of Homeland Security may not receive a cash award under this sub-chapter.’’. 
SEC. 1137. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT PROJECTS. 
(a) C YBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), as amended by section 1119 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 322. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall support the re-search, development, testing, evaluation, and transition of cybersecurity technologies, including fundamental research to improve the sharing of information, information se-curity, analytics, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents, con-sistent with current law. ‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The research and devel-opment supported under subsection (a) shall serve the components of the Department and shall— ‘‘(1) advance the development and accel-erate the deployment of more secure infor-mation systems; ‘‘(2) improve and create technologies for detecting and preventing attacks or intru-sions, including real-time continuous diagnostics, real-time analytic technologies, and full life cycle information protection; ‘‘(3) improve and create mitigation and re-covery methodologies, including techniques and policies for real-time containment of at-tacks and development of resilient networks and information systems; ‘‘(4) assist the development and support in-frastructure and tools to support cybersecu-rity research and development efforts, in-cluding modeling, testbeds, and data sets for assessment of new cybersecurity tech-nologies; ‘‘(5) assist the development and support of technologies to reduce vulnerabilities in in-dustrial control systems; ‘‘(6) assist the development and support cyber forensics and attack attribution capa-bilities; ‘‘(7) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of full information life cycle security technologies to enhance protection, control, and privacy of information to detect and prevent cybersecurity risks and inci-dents; ‘‘(8) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of information security measures, in addition to perimeter-based protections; ‘‘(9) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of technologies to detect im-proper information access by authorized users; ‘‘(10) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of cryptographic tech-nologies to protect information at rest, in transit, and in use; ‘‘(11) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of methods to promote greater software assurance; ‘‘(12) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of tools to securely and automatically update software and firmware in use, with limited or no necessary inter-vention by users and limited impact on con-currently operating systems and processes; and ‘‘(13) assist in identifying and addressing unidentified or future cybersecurity threats. ‘‘(c) COORDINATION .—In carrying out this section, the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall coordinate activities with— ‘‘(1) the Director of Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Security; ‘‘(2) the heads of other relevant Federal de-partments and agencies, as appropriate; and ‘‘(3) industry and academia. ‘‘(d) T
RANSITION TO PRACTICE .—The Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall— ‘‘(1) support projects carried out under this title through the full life cycle of such projects, including research, development, testing, evaluation, pilots, and transitions; ‘‘(2) identify mature technologies that ad-dress existing or imminent cybersecurity gaps in public or private information sys-tems and networks of information systems, protect sensitive information within and outside networks of information systems, identify and support necessary improve-ments identified during pilot programs and testing and evaluation activities, and intro-duce new cybersecurity technologies throughout the homeland security enterprise through partnerships and commercialization; and ‘‘(3) target federally funded cybersecurity research that demonstrates a high prob-ability of successful transition to the com-mercial market within 2 years and that is expected to have a notable impact on the public or private information systems and networks of information systems. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
YBERSECURITY RISK .—The term ‘cy-bersecurity risk’ has the meaning given the term in section 2209. ‘‘(2) H
OMELAND SECURITY ENTERPRISE .—The term ‘homeland security enterprise’ means relevant governmental and nongovernmental entities involved in homeland security, in-cluding Federal, State, local, and tribal gov-ernment officials, private sector representa-tives, academics, and other policy experts. ‘‘(3) I
NCIDENT .—The term ‘incident’ has the meaning given the term in section 2209. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00259 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3654 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(4) I NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘in-formation system’ has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. ‘‘(5) S
OFTWARE ASSURANCE .—The term ‘soft-ware assurance’ means confidence that soft-ware— ‘‘(A) is free from vulnerabilities, either in-tentionally designed into the software or ac-cidentally inserted at any time during the life cycle of the software; and ‘‘(B) functioning in the intended manner.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by this Act, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 321 the following: ‘‘Sec. 322. Cybersecurity research and devel-opment.’’. (b) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  P
ROJECTS .—Section 831 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘under section 845 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160). In applying the authorities of that section 845, subsection (c) of that section shall apply with respect to prototype projects under this paragraph, and the Sec-retary shall perform the functions of the Secretary of Defense under subsection (d) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 2371b of title 10, United States Code, and the Sec-retary shall perform the functions of the Secretary of Defense as prescribed.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall annu-ally submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report detailing the projects for which the authority granted by subsection (a) was utilized, the rationale for such utili-zations, the funds spent utilizing such au-thority, the extent of cost-sharing for such projects among Federal and non-Federal sources, the extent to which utilization of such authority has addressed a homeland se-curity capability gap or threat to the home-land identified by the Department, the total amount of payments, if any, that were re-ceived by the Federal Government as a re-sult of the utilization of such authority dur-ing the period covered by each such report, the outcome of each project for which such authority was utilized, and the results of any audits of such projects.’’; (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘as de-fined in section 845(e) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2371 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘as defined in section 2371b(e) of title 10, United States Code.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
RAINING .—The Secretary shall de-velop a training program for acquisitions staff on the utilization of the authority pro-vided under subsection (a) to ensure account-ability and effective management of projects consistent with the Program Management Improvement Accountability Act (Public Law 114–264; 130 Stat. 1371) and the amend-ments made by such Act.’’. (c) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this section and the amendments made by this section. Such re-quirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. SEC. 1138. CYBERSECURITY TALENT EXCHANGE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘congressional homeland secu-rity committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (2) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (3) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. (b) C
YBERSECURITY TALENT EXCHANGE  P
ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall commence carrying out a cyber-security talent exchange pilot program. (2) D
ELEGATION .—The Secretary may dele-gate any authority under this section to the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency of the Department. (c) A
PPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary for the purpose of carrying out the pilot program established under subsection (b), the Secretary may, with the agreement of a private-sector orga-nization and the consent of the employee, ar-range for the temporary assignment of an employee to the private-sector organization, or from the private-sector organization to a Department organization under this section. (2) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYEES .—Employees par-ticipating in the pilot program established under subsection (b) shall have significant education, skills, or experience relating to cybersecurity. (3) A
GREEMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for a written agreement among the De-partment, the private-sector organization, and the employee concerned regarding the terms and conditions of the assignment of the employee under this section, which— (i) shall require that the employee of the Department, upon completion of the assign-ment, will serve in the Department, or else-where in the civil service if approved by the Secretary, for a period equal to twice the length of the assignment; (ii) shall provide that if the employee of the Department or of the private-sector or-ganization, as the case may be, fails to carry out the agreement, the employee shall be liable to the United States for payment of all expenses of the assignment, unless that fail-ure was for good and sufficient reason, as de-termined by the Secretary; (iii) shall contain language ensuring that the employee of the Department does not im-properly use pre-decisional or draft delibera-tive information that the employee may be privy to or aware of related to Department programing, budgeting, resourcing, acquisi-tion, or procurement for the benefit or ad-vantage of the private-sector organization; and (iv) shall cover matters relating to con-fidentiality, intellectual property rights, and such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (B) L
IABILITY .—An amount for which an employee is liable under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be treated as a debt due the United States. (C) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive, in whole or in part, collection of a debt de-scribed in subparagraph (B) based on a deter-mination that the collection would be against equity and good conscience and not in the best interests of the United States, after taking into account any indication of fraud, misrepresentation, fault, or lack of good faith on the part of the employee. (4) TERMINATION .—An assignment under this subsection may, at any time and for any reason, be terminated by the Department or the private-sector organization concerned. (5) D
URATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an assignment under this subsection shall be for a period of not less than 3 months and not more than 2 years, and renewable up to a total of 4 years. (B) E
XCEPTION .—An assignment under this subsection may be for a period in excess of 2 years, but not more than 4 years, if the Sec-retary determines that the assignment is necessary to meet critical mission or pro-gram requirements. (C) L
IMITATION .—No employee of the De-partment may be assigned under this sub-section for more than a total of 4 years in-clusive of all assignments. (6) S
TATUS OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEES AS -
SIGNED TO PRIVATE -SECTOR ORGANIZATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An employee of the De-partment who is assigned to a private-sector organization under this subsection shall be considered, during the period of assignment, to be on detail to a regular work assignment in the Department for all purposes. (B) W
RITTEN AGREEMENT .—The written agreement established under paragraph (3) shall address the specific terms and condi-tions related to the continued status of the employee as a Federal employee. (C) C
ERTIFICATION .—In establishing a tem-porary assignment of an employee of the De-partment to a private-sector organization, the Secretary shall— (i) ensure that the normal duties and func-tions of the employee can be reasonably per-formed by other employees of the Depart-ment without the transfer or reassignment of other personnel of the Department; and (ii) certify that the temporary assignment of the employee shall not have an adverse or negative impact on organizational capabili-ties associated with the assignment. (7) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PRIVATE -SEC-
TOR EMPLOYEES .—An employee of a private- sector organization who is assigned to a De-partment organization under this sub-section— (A) shall continue to receive pay and bene-fits from the private-sector organization from which the employee is assigned and shall not receive pay or benefits from the De-partment, except as provided in subpara-graph (B); (B) is deemed to be an employee of the De-partment for the purposes of— (i) chapters 73 and 81 of title 5, United States Code; (ii) sections 201, 203, 205, 207, 208, 209, 603, 606, 607, 643, 654, 1905, and 1913 of title 18, United States Code; (iii) sections 1343, 1344, and 1349(b) of title 31, United States Code; (iv) chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’) and any other Federal tort li-ability statute; (v) the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (vi) chapter 21 of title 41, United States Code; (C) shall not have access to any trade se-crets or to any other nonpublic information which is of commercial value to the private- sector organization from which the employee is assigned; (D) may perform work that is considered inherently governmental in nature only when requested in writing by the Secretary; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00260 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3655 June 11, 2018 
(E) may not be used to circumvent any limitation or restriction on the size of the workforce of the Department. (8) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST CHARGING CERTAIN  
COSTS TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .—A pri- vate-sector organization may not charge the Department or any other agency of the Fed-eral Government, as direct or indirect costs under a Federal contract, the costs of pay or benefits paid by the organization to an em-ployee assigned to a Department organiza-tion under this subsection for the period of the assignment. (9) E
XPENSES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pay for travel and other work-related expenses associated with individuals participating in the pilot program established under sub-section (b). The Secretary shall not pay for lodging or per diem expenses for employees of a private sector organization, unless such expenses are in furtherance of work-related travel other than participating in the pilot program. (B) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATION .—A private person supporting an individual partici-pating in the pilot program may pay for a background investigation associated with the participation of the individual in the pilot program. (10) M
AXIMUM NUMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .— Not more than 250 individuals may concur-rently participate in the pilot program es-tablished under subsection (b). (d) D
ETAILING OF PARTICIPANTS .—With the consent of an individual participating in the pilot program established under subsection (b), the Secretary may, under the pilot pro-gram, detail the individual to another Fed-eral department or agency. (e) S
UNSET .—The pilot program established under subsection (b) shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) P
RELIMINARY REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional homeland security committees a preliminary report describing the implemen-tation of the pilot program established under subsection (b), including the number of par-ticipating employees from the Department and from private sector organizations, the departmental missions or programs carried out by employees participating in the pilot program, and recommendations to maximize efficiencies and the effectiveness of the pilot program in order to support Department cy-bersecurity missions and objectives. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 6 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees a final report describing the implementation of the pilot program established under subsection (b), in-cluding the number of participating employ-ees from the Department and from private sector organizations, the departmental mis-sions or programs carried out by employees participating in the pilot program, and pro-viding a recommendation on whether the pilot program should be made permanent. Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 1141. PROTECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTI-FIABLE INFORMATION. 
Paragraph (2) of section 431(c) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1431(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2)(A) The information listed in paragraph (1) shall not be available for public disclo-sure if— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of the Treasury makes an affirmative finding on a shipment-by- shipment basis that disclosure is likely to pose a threat of personal injury or property damage; or ‘‘(ii) the information is exempt under the provisions of section 552(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall ensure that any personally identifiable information, includ-ing social security numbers, passport num-bers, and residential addresses, is removed from any manifest signed, produced, deliv-ered, or transmitted under this section be-fore the manifest is disclosed to the public.’’. SEC. 1142. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF DIRECTOR OF SHARED SERV-
ICES AND OFFICE OF COUNTERNARCOTICS EN-
FORCEMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND  S
ECURITY .— (1) A
BOLISHMENT OF DIRECTOR OF SHARED  
SERVICES .— (A) A
BOLISHMENT .—The position of Direc-tor of Shared Services of the Department of Homeland Security is abolished. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by striking section 475 (6 U.S.C. 295). (C) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 475. (2) A
BOLISHMENT OF THE OFFICE OF COUNTER -
NARCOTICS ENFORCEMENT .— (A) A
BOLISHMENT .—The Office of Counter-narcotics Enforcement is abolished. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (B) of section 843(b)(1) (6 U.S.C. 413(b)(1)), by striking ‘‘by—’’ and all that follows through the end of that subpara-graph and inserting ‘‘by the Secretary; and’’; and (ii) by striking section 878 (6 U.S.C. 458). (C) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 878. (b) O
THER TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING  A
MENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE I .—Section 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), as amend-ed by this Act, is further amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(E), by striking ‘‘the Bureau of’’ and inserting ‘‘United States’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(4), as redesignated by section 1117(f), by striking ‘‘section 708’’ and inserting ‘‘section 707’’. (2) T
ITLE VII .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended— (A) in subsection (c) of section 702 (6 U.S.C. 342), as redesignated by section 1103, strike paragraph (4); (B) by striking section 706 (6 U.S.C. 346); (C) by redesignating sections 707, 708, and 709 as sections 706, 707, and 708, respectively; and (D) in section 708(c)(3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 707’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 706’’. (3) T
ITLE VIII .—Title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 361 et seq.) is amended— (A) by striking section 857 (6 U.S.C. 427); (B) by redesignating section 858 as section 857; and (C) by striking section 881 (6 U.S.C. 461). (4) T
ITLE XVI .—Section 1611(d)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 563(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 707’’ and inserting ‘‘section 706’’. (5) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended— (A) by striking the items relating to sec-tions 706 through 709 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 706. Quadrennial homeland security review. ‘‘Sec. 707. Joint task forces. ‘‘Sec. 708. Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans.’’; (B) by striking the items relating to sec-tions 857 and 858 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 857. Identification of new entrants into the Federal marketplace.’’; and (C) by striking the item relating to section 881. TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY ACQUISITION ACCOUNT-ABILITY AND EFFICIENCY SEC. 1201. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (14) through (20) as paragraphs (28) through (34), respectively; (2) by redesignating paragraph (13) as para-graph (26); (3) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (12) as paragraphs (21) through (24), respec-tively; (4) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (8) as paragraphs (15) through (19), respec-tively; (5) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (7), (8), and (9), respec-tively; (6) by inserting before paragraph (7), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) The term ‘acquisition’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 131 of title 41, United States Code. ‘‘(2) The term ‘acquisition decision author-ity’ means the authority held by the Sec-retary, acting through the Under Secretary for Management, to— ‘‘(A) ensure compliance with Federal law, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, and De-partment acquisition management direc-tives; ‘‘(B) review, including approving, pausing, modifying, or canceling, an acquisition throughout the life cycle of the acquisition; ‘‘(C) ensure that acquisition program man-agers have the resources necessary to suc-cessfully execute an approved acquisition program; ‘‘(D) ensure good acquisition program man-agement of cost, schedule, risk, and system performance of the acquisition program at issue, including assessing acquisition pro-gram baseline breaches and directing any corrective action for those breaches; and ‘‘(E) ensure that acquisition program man-agers, on an ongoing basis, monitor cost, schedule, and performance against estab-lished baselines and use tools to assess risks to an acquisition program at all phases of the life cycle of the acquisition program to avoid and mitigate acquisition program baseline breaches. ‘‘(3) The term ‘acquisition decision event’ means, with respect to an acquisition pro-gram, a predetermined point within each of the acquisition phases at which the person exercising the acquisition decision authority determines whether the acquisition program shall proceed to the next phase. ‘‘(4) The term ‘acquisition decision memo-randum’ means, with respect to an acquisi-tion, the official acquisition decision event record that includes a documented record of decisions and assigned actions for the acqui-sition, as determined by the person exer-cising acquisition decision authority for the acquisition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00261 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3656 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(5) The term ‘acquisition program’ means the totality of activities directed to accom-plish specific goals and objectives, which may— ‘‘(A) provide new or improved capabilities in response to approved requirements or sus-tain existing capabilities; and ‘‘(B) have multiple projects to obtain spe-cific capability requirements or capital as-sets. ‘‘(6) The term ‘acquisition program base-line’, with respect to an acquisition program, means a summary of the cost, schedule, and performance parameters, expressed in stand-ard, measurable, quantitative terms, which must be met in order to accomplish the goals of the program.’’; (7) by inserting after paragraph (9), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(10) The term ‘best practices’, with re-spect to acquisition, means a knowledge- based approach to capability development that includes, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) identifying and validating needs; ‘‘(B) assessing alternatives to select the most appropriate solution; ‘‘(C) establishing requirements; ‘‘(D) developing cost estimates and sched-ules that consider the work necessary to de-velop, plan, support, and install a program or solution; ‘‘(E) identifying sources of funding that match resources to requirements; ‘‘(F) demonstrating technology, design, and manufacturing maturity; ‘‘(G) using milestones and exit criteria or specific accomplishments that demonstrate progress; ‘‘(H) adopting and executing standardized processes with known success across pro-grams; ‘‘(I) ensuring an adequate, well-trained, and diverse workforce that is qualified and sufficient in number to perform necessary functions; ‘‘(J) developing innovative, effective, and efficient processes and strategies; ‘‘(K) integrating risk management and mitigation techniques for national security considerations; and ‘‘(L) integrating the capabilities described in subparagraphs (A) through (K) into the mission and business operations of the De-partment. ‘‘(11) The term ‘breach’ means a failure to meet any cost, schedule, or performance threshold specified in the most recently ap-proved acquisition program baseline. ‘‘(12) The term ‘congressional homeland se-curity committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate. ‘‘(13) The term ‘Component Acquisition Ex-ecutive’ means the senior acquisition official within a component who is designated in writing by the Under Secretary for Manage-ment, in consultation with the component head, with authority and responsibility for leading a process and staff to provide acqui-sition and program management oversight, policy, and guidance to ensure that statu-tory, regulatory, and higher level policy re-quirements are fulfilled, including compli-ance with Federal law, the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation, and Department acquisition management directives established by the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(14) The term ‘cost-type contract’ means a contract that— ‘‘(A) provides for payment of allowable in-curred costs, to the extent prescribed in the contract; and ‘‘(B) establishes an estimate of total cost for the purpose of obligating funds and estab-lishing a ceiling that the contractor may not exceed, except at the risk of the contractor, without the approval of the contracting offi-cer.’’; (8) by inserting after paragraph (19), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(20) The term ‘fixed-price contract’ means a contract that provides for a firm price or, in appropriate cases, an adjustable price.’’; (9) by inserting after paragraph (24), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(25) The term ‘life cycle cost’ means the total cost of an acquisition, including all rel-evant costs related to acquiring, owning, op-erating, maintaining, and disposing of the system, project, service, or product over a specified period of time.’’; and (10) by inserting after paragraph (26), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(27) The term ‘major acquisition program’ means a Department acquisition program that is estimated by the Secretary or a des-ignee of the Secretary to require an eventual total expenditure of not less than $300,000,000 (based on fiscal year 2017 constant dollars) over the life cycle cost of the program.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Paragraph (14) of section 501 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311), as amended by section 1451, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2(13)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2(26)(B)’’. Subtitle A—Acquisition Authorities 
SEC. 1211. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR UNDER SECRETARY FOR MANAGE-MENT OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
Section 701 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting ‘‘and acquisition management’’ after ‘‘Procure-ment’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (d), the first subsection (e) (relating to the system for award management consultation), and the second subsection (e) (relating to the def-inition of interoperable communications) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) A
CQUISITION AND RELATED RESPON -
SIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a) of section 1702 of title 41, United States Code, the Under Secretary for Man-agement— ‘‘(A) is the Chief Acquisition Officer of the Department; ‘‘(B) shall have the authorities and perform the functions specified in subsection (b) of such section; and ‘‘(C) shall perform all other functions and responsibilities delegated by the Secretary or described in this subsection. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—In addition to the authorities and functions specified in section 1702(b) of title 41, United States Code, the functions and responsibil-ities of the Under Secretary for Management related to acquisition include the following: ‘‘(A) Advising the Secretary regarding ac-quisition management activities, taking into account risks of failure to achieve cost, schedule, or performance parameters, to en-sure that the Department achieves the mis-sion of the Department through the adoption of widely accepted program management best practices and standards and, where ap-propriate, acquisition innovation best prac-tices. ‘‘(B) Leading the acquisition oversight body of the Department, the Acquisition Re-view Board, and exercising the acquisition decision authority to approve, pause, modify, including the rescission of approvals of pro-gram milestones, or cancel major acquisition programs, unless the Under Secretary dele-gates that authority to a Component Acqui-sition Executive pursuant to paragraph (3). ‘‘(C) Establishing policies for acquisition that implement an approach that takes into account risks of failure to achieve cost, schedule, or performance parameters that all components of the Department shall comply with, including outlining relevant authori-ties for program managers to effectively manage acquisition programs. ‘‘(D) Ensuring that each major acquisition program has a Department-approved acquisi-tion program baseline pursuant to the acqui-sition management policy of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(E) Ensuring that the heads of compo-nents and Component Acquisition Executives comply with Federal law, the Federal Acqui-sition Regulation, and Department acquisi-tion management directives. ‘‘(F) Providing additional scrutiny and oversight for an acquisition that is not a major acquisition if— ‘‘(i) the acquisition is for a program that is important to departmental strategic and performance plans; ‘‘(ii) the acquisition is for a program with significant program or policy implications; and ‘‘(iii) the Secretary determines that the scrutiny and oversight for the acquisition is proper and necessary. ‘‘(G) Ensuring that grants and financial as-sistance are provided only to individuals and organizations that are not suspended or debarred. ‘‘(H) Distributing guidance throughout the Department to ensure that contractors in-volved in acquisitions, particularly contrac-tors that access the information systems and technologies of the Department, adhere to relevant Department policies related to physical and information security as identi-fied by the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(I) Overseeing the Component Acquisition Executive organizational structure to ensure Component Acquisition Executives have suf-ficient capabilities and comply with Depart-ment acquisition policies. ‘‘(J) Ensuring acquisition decision memo-randa adequately document decisions made at acquisition decision events, including the rationale for decisions made to allow pro-grams to deviate from the requirement to obtain approval by the Department for cer-tain documents at acquisition decision events. ‘‘(3) DELEGATION OF ACQUISITION DECISION  
AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) L
EVEL 3 ACQUISITIONS .—The Under Secretary for Management may delegate ac-quisition decision authority in writing to the relevant Component Acquisition Executive for an acquisition program that has a life cycle cost estimate of less than $300,000,000. ‘‘(B) L
EVEL 2 ACQUISITIONS .—The Under Secretary for Management may delegate ac-quisition decision authority in writing to the relevant Component Acquisition Executive for a major acquisition program that has a life cycle cost estimate of not less than $300,000,000 but not more than $1,000,000,000 if all of the following requirements are met: ‘‘(i) The component concerned possesses working policies, processes, and procedures that are consistent with Department-level acquisition policy. ‘‘(ii) The Component Acquisition Executive concerned has a well-trained and experienced workforce, commensurate with the size of the acquisition program and related activi-ties delegated to the Component Acquisition Executive by the Under Secretary for Man-agement. ‘‘(iii) Each major acquisition concerned has written documentation showing that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00262 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3657 June 11, 2018 
acquisition has a Department-approved ac-quisition program baseline and the acquisi-tion is meeting agreed-upon cost, schedule, and performance thresholds. ‘‘(4) R
ELATIONSHIP TO UNDER SECRETARY  
FOR SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this sub-section shall diminish the authority granted to the Under Secretary for Science and Tech-nology under this Act. The Under Secretary for Management and the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall cooperate in matters related to the coordination of acqui-sitions across the Department so that invest-ments of the Directorate of Science and Technology are able to support current and future requirements of the components of the Department. ‘‘(B) T
ESTING AND EVALUATION ACQUISITION  
SUPPORT .—The Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall— ‘‘(i) ensure, in coordination with relevant component heads, that all relevant acquisi-tion programs— ‘‘(I) complete reviews of operational re-quirements to ensure the requirements are measurable, testable, and achievable within the constraints of cost and schedule; ‘‘(II) integrate applicable standards into development specifications; ‘‘(III) complete systems engineering re-views and technical assessments during de-velopment to inform production and deploy-ment decisions; ‘‘(IV) complete independent testing and evaluation of technologies and systems; ‘‘(V) use independent verification and vali-dation of operational testing and evaluation implementation and results; and ‘‘(VI) document whether such programs meet all performance requirements included in their acquisition program baselines; ‘‘(ii) ensure that such operational testing and evaluation includes all system compo-nents and incorporates operators into the testing to ensure that systems perform as in-tended in the appropriate operational set-ting; and ‘‘(iii) determine if testing conducted by other Federal agencies and private entities is relevant and sufficient in determining whether systems perform as intended in the operational setting.’’. 
SEC. 1212. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY. 
Section 702(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 342(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Chief’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) F
UNCTIONS .—The Chief’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITIES .—The Chief Financial Officer, in coordination with the Under Secretary for Management, shall over-see the costs of acquisition programs and re-lated activities to ensure that actual and planned costs are in accordance with budget estimates and are affordable, or can be ade-quately funded, over the life cycle of such programs and activities.’’. 
SEC. 1213. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
Section 703 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343), as amended by section 1104, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) A
CQUISITION RESPONSIBILITIES .—The acquisition responsibilities of the Chief In-formation Officer shall include— ‘‘(1) overseeing the management of the Homeland Security Enterprise Architecture and ensuring that, before each acquisition decision event, approved information tech-nology acquisitions comply with depart-mental information technology management processes, technical requirements, and the Homeland Security Enterprise Architecture, and in any case in which information tech-nology acquisitions do not comply with the management directives of the Department, making recommendations to the Acquisition Review Board regarding that noncompliance; and ‘‘(2) being responsible for— ‘‘(A) providing recommendations to the Ac-quisition Review Board regarding informa-tion technology programs; and ‘‘(B) developing information technology acquisition strategic guidance.’’. SEC. 1214. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR PRO-GRAM ACCOUNTABILITY AND RISK MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 1132, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 716. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR PRO-GRAM ACCOUNTABILITY AND RISK MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF OFFICE .—There is in the Management Directorate of the De-partment an office to be known as ‘Program Accountability and Risk Management’, which shall— ‘‘(1) provide accountability, standardiza-tion, and transparency of major acquisition programs of the Department; and ‘‘(2) serve as the central oversight function for all Department acquisition programs. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF EXECUTIVE DIREC-
TOR.—The Program Accountability and Risk Management shall be led by an Executive Di-rector to oversee the requirement under sub-section (a), who shall report directly to the Under Secretary for Management, serve as the executive secretary for the Acquisition Review Board, and carry out the following responsibilities: ‘‘(1) Monitor the performance of Depart-ment acquisition programs between acquisi-tion decision events to identify problems with cost, performance, or schedule that components may need to address to prevent cost overruns, performance issues, or sched-ule delays. ‘‘(2) Assist the Under Secretary for Man-agement in managing the acquisition pro-grams and related activities of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(3) Conduct oversight of individual acqui-sition programs to implement Department acquisition program policy, procedures, and guidance with a priority on ensuring the data the office collects and maintains from Department components is accurate and reli-able. ‘‘(4) Coordinate the acquisition life cycle review process for the Acquisition Review Board. ‘‘(5) Advise the persons having acquisition decision authority in making acquisition de-cisions consistent with all applicable laws and in establishing lines of authority, ac-countability, and responsibility for acquisi-tion decision making within the Depart-ment. ‘‘(6) Support the Chief Procurement Officer in developing strategies and specific plans for hiring, training, and professional devel-opment in order to improve the acquisition workforce of the Department. ‘‘(7) In consultation with Component Ac-quisition Executives— ‘‘(A) develop standards for the designation of key acquisition positions with major ac-quisition program management offices and on the Component Acquisition Executive support staff; and ‘‘(B) provide requirements and support to the Chief Procurement Officer in the plan-ning, development, and maintenance of the Acquisition Career Management Program of the Department. ‘‘(8) In the event that a certification or ac-tion of an acquisition program manager needs review for purposes of promotion or re-moval, provide input, in consultation with the relevant Component Acquisition Execu-tive, into the performance evaluation of the relevant acquisition program manager and report positive or negative experiences to the relevant certifying authority. ‘‘(9) Provide technical support and assist-ance to Department acquisition programs and acquisition personnel and coordinate with the Chief Procurement Officer on work-force training and development activities. ‘‘(c) RESPONSIBILITIES OF COMPONENTS .— Each head of a component shall— ‘‘(1) comply with Federal law, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, and Department ac-quisition management directives established by the Under Secretary for Management; and ‘‘(2) for each major acquisition program— ‘‘(A) define baseline requirements and doc-ument changes to such requirements, as ap-propriate; ‘‘(B) develop a life cycle cost estimate that is consistent with best practices identified by the Comptroller General of the United States and establish a complete life cycle cost estimate with supporting documenta-tion, including an acquisition program base-line; ‘‘(C) verify each life cycle cost estimate against independent cost estimates, and rec-oncile any differences; ‘‘(D) complete a cost-benefit analysis with supporting documentation; ‘‘(E) develop and maintain a schedule that is consistent with scheduling best practices as identified by the Comptroller General of the United States, including, in appropriate cases, an integrated master schedule; and ‘‘(F) ensure that all acquisition program information provided by the component is complete, accurate, timely, and valid. 
‘‘SEC. 717. ACQUISITION DOCUMENTATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For each major acquisi-tion program, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Management, shall require the head of a relevant component or office to— ‘‘(1) maintain acquisition documentation that is complete, accurate, timely, and valid, and that includes, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) operational requirements that are validated consistent with departmental pol-icy and changes to those requirements, as appropriate; ‘‘(B) a complete life cycle cost estimate with supporting documentation; ‘‘(C) verification of the life cycle cost esti-mate against independent cost estimates, and reconciliation of any differences; ‘‘(D) a cost-benefit analysis with sup-porting documentation; and ‘‘(E) a schedule, including, as appropriate, an integrated master schedule; ‘‘(2) prepare cost estimates and schedules for major acquisition programs under sub-paragraphs (B) and (E) of paragraph (1) in a manner consistent with best practices as identified by the Comptroller General of the United States; and ‘‘(3) submit certain acquisition documenta-tion to the Secretary to produce a semi-an-nual Acquisition Program Health Assess-ment of departmental acquisitions for sub-mission to Congress. ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the requirement under subsection (a)(3) on a case-by-case basis with respect to any major acquisition program under this section for a fiscal year if— ‘‘(1) the major acquisition program has not— ‘‘(A) entered the full rate production phase in the acquisition life cycle; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00263 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3658 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(B) had a reasonable cost estimate estab-lished; and ‘‘(C) had a system configuration defined fully; or ‘‘(2) the major acquisition program does not meet the definition of capital asset, as defined by the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. ‘‘(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—At the same time the budget of the President is sub-mitted for a fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall make information available, as applica-ble, to the congressional homeland security committees regarding the requirement de-scribed in subsection (a) in the prior fiscal year that includes, with respect to each major acquisition program for which the Secretary has issued a waiver under sub-section (b)— ‘‘(1) the grounds for granting a waiver for the program; ‘‘(2) the projected cost of the program; ‘‘(3) the proportion of the annual acquisi-tion budget of each component or office at-tributed to the program, as available; and ‘‘(4) information on the significance of the program with respect to the operations and the execution of the mission of each compo-nent or office described in paragraph (3).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1132, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 715 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 716. Acquisition authorities for Pro-gram Accountability and Risk Management. ‘‘Sec. 717. Acquisition documentation.’’. 
SEC. 1215. ACQUISITION INNOVATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) as amended by section 1214, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 718. ACQUISITION INNOVATION. 
‘‘The Under Secretary for Management shall— ‘‘(1) encourage each of the officers under the direction of the Under Secretary for Management to promote innovation and shall designate an individual to promote in-novation; ‘‘(2) establish an acquisition innovation lab or similar mechanism to improve the acqui-sition programs, acquisition workforce training, and existing practices of the De-partment through methods identified in this section; ‘‘(3) test emerging and established acquisi-tion best practices for carrying out acquisi-tions, consistent with applicable laws, regu-lations, and Department directives, as appro-priate; ‘‘(4) develop and distribute best practices and lessons learned regarding acquisition in-novation throughout the Department; ‘‘(5) establish metrics to measure the effec-tiveness of acquisition innovation efforts with respect to cost, operational efficiency of the acquisition program, including time-frames for executing contracts, and collabo-ration with the private sector, including small- and medium-sized businesses; and ‘‘(6) determine impacts of acquisition inno-vation efforts on the private sector by— ‘‘(A) engaging with the private sector, in-cluding small- and medium-sized businesses, to provide information and obtain feedback on procurement practices and acquisition in-novation efforts of the Department; ‘‘(B) obtaining feedback from the private sector on the impact of acquisition innova-tion efforts of the Department; and ‘‘(C) incorporating the feedback described in subparagraphs (A) and (B), as appropriate, into future acquisition innovation efforts of the Department.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1214, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 717 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 718. Acquisition innovation.’’. (c) I
NFORMATION .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘congressional homeland se-curity committees’’ means— (i) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security. (2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits the annual budg-et justification for the Department for fiscal year 2020 and every fiscal year thereafter through fiscal year 2025, the officers under the director of the Under Secretary for Man-agement of the Department shall provide a briefing to the congressional homeland secu-rity committees on the activities under-taken in the previous fiscal year in further-ance of section 718 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), which shall include: (A) Emerging and existing acquisition best practices that were tested within the Depart-ment during that fiscal year. (B) Efforts to distribute best practices and lessons learned within the Department, in-cluding through web-based seminars, train-ing, and forums, during that fiscal year. (C) Metrics captured by the Department and aggregate performance information for innovation efforts. (D) Performance as measured by the metrics established under paragraph (5) of such section 718. (E) Outcomes of efforts to distribute best practices and lessons learned within the De-partment, including through web-based sem-inars, training, and forums. (F) A description of outreach and engage-ment efforts with the private sector and any impacts of innovative acquisition mecha-nisms on the private sector, including small- and medium-sized businesses. (G) The criteria used to identify specific acquisition programs or activities to be in-cluded in acquisition innovation efforts and the outcomes of those programs or activi-ties. (H) Recommendations, as necessary, to en-hance acquisition innovation in the Depart-ment. Subtitle B—Acquisition Program Management Discipline 
SEC. 1221. ACQUISITION REVIEW BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 836. ACQUISITION REVIEW BOARD. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an Acquisition Review Board (in this section referred to as the ‘Board’) to— ‘‘(1) strengthen accountability and uni-formity within the Department acquisition review process; ‘‘(2) review major acquisition programs; and ‘‘(3) review the use of best practices. ‘‘(b) C
OMPOSITION .— ‘‘(1) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Under Secretary for Management shall serve as chairperson of the Board. ‘‘(2) OTHER MEMBERS .—The Secretary shall ensure participation by other relevant De-partment officials. ‘‘(c) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(1) R
EGULAR MEETINGS .—The Board shall meet regularly for purposes of ensuring all acquisition programs proceed in a timely fashion to achieve mission readiness. ‘‘(2) O
THER MEETINGS .—The Board shall convene— ‘‘(A) at the discretion of the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) at any time— ‘‘(i) a major acquisition program— ‘‘(I) requires authorization to proceed from one acquisition decision event to another throughout the acquisition life cycle; ‘‘(II) is in breach of the approved acquisi-tion program baseline of the major acquisi-tion program; or ‘‘(III) requires additional review, as deter-mined by the Under Secretary for Manage-ment; or ‘‘(ii) a non-major acquisition program re-quires review, as determined by the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibil-ities of the Board are as follows: ‘‘(1) Determine whether a proposed acquisi-tion program has met the requirements of phases of the acquisition life cycle frame-work and is able to proceed to the next phase and eventual full production and deploy-ment. ‘‘(2) Oversee whether the business strategy, resources, management, and accountability of a proposed acquisition are executable and are aligned to strategic initiatives. ‘‘(3) Support the person with acquisition decision authority for an acquisition pro-gram in determining the appropriate direc-tion for the acquisition at key acquisition decision events. ‘‘(4) Conduct reviews of acquisitions to en-sure that the acquisitions are progressing in compliance with the approved documents for their current acquisition phases. ‘‘(5) Review the acquisition program docu-ments of each major acquisition program, in-cluding the acquisition program baseline and documentation reflecting consideration of tradeoffs among cost, schedule, and perform-ance objectives, to ensure the reliability of underlying data. ‘‘(6) Ensure that practices are adopted and implemented to require consideration of tradeoffs among cost, schedule, and perform-ance objectives as part of the process for de-veloping requirements for major acquisition programs prior to the initiation of the sec-ond acquisition decision event, including, at a minimum, the following practices: ‘‘(A) Department officials responsible for acquisition, budget, and cost estimating functions are provided with the appropriate opportunity to develop estimates and raise cost and schedule matters before perform-ance objectives are established for capabili-ties when feasible. ‘‘(B) Full consideration is given to possible trade-offs among cost, schedule, and per-formance objectives for each alternative. ‘‘(e) A
CQUISITION PROGRAM BASELINE RE-
PORT REQUIREMENT .—If the person exercising acquisition decision authority over a major acquisition program approves the major ac-quisition program to proceed before the major acquisition program has a Depart-ment-approved acquisition program baseline, as required by Department policy— ‘‘(1) the Under Secretary for Management shall create and approve an acquisition pro-gram baseline report regarding such ap-proval; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 7 days after the date on which the acquisition decision memorandum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00264 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3659 June 11, 2018 
is signed, provide written notice of the deci-sion to the appropriate committees of Con-gress; and ‘‘(B) not later than 60 days after the date on which the acquisition decision memo-randum is signed, provide the memorandum and a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section and every year thereafter through fiscal year 2022, the Under Secretary for Management shall provide information to the appropriate committees of Congress on the activities of the Board for the prior fiscal year that in-cludes information relating to— ‘‘(1) for each meeting of the Board, any ac-quisition decision memoranda; ‘‘(2) the results of the systematic reviews conducted under subsection (d)(4); ‘‘(3) the results of acquisition document re-views required under subsection (d)(5); and ‘‘(4) activities to ensure that practices are adopted and implemented throughout the Department under subsection (d)(6).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 835 the following: ‘‘Sec. 836. Acquisition Review Board.’’. 
SEC. 1222. DEPARTMENT LEADERSHIP COUNCILS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle H of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 451 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 890B. DEPARTMENT LEADERSHIP COUN-CILS. 
‘‘(a) D EPARTMENT LEADERSHIP COUNCILS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may establish Department leadership councils as the Secretary determines necessary to en-sure coordination and improve programs and activities of the Department. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTION .—A Department leadership council shall— ‘‘(A) serve as a coordinating forum; ‘‘(B) advise the Secretary and Deputy Sec-retary on Department strategy, operations, and guidance; ‘‘(C) establish policies to reduce duplica-tion in acquisition programs; and ‘‘(D) consider and report on such other matters as the Secretary or Deputy Sec-retary may direct. ‘‘(3) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FORUMS .—The Secretary or Deputy Secretary may delegate the authority to direct the implementation of any decision or guidance resulting from the action of a Department leadership coun-cil to any office, component, coordinator, or other senior official of the Department. ‘‘(b) J
OINT REQUIREMENTS COUNCIL .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF JOINT REQUIREMENT .—In this subsection, the term ‘joint requirement’ means a condition or capability of multiple operating components of the Department that is required to be met or possessed by a system, product, service, result, or compo-nent to satisfy a contract, standard, speci-fication, or other formally imposed docu-ment. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish within the Department a Joint Re-quirements Council. ‘‘(3) M
ISSION .—In addition to other matters assigned to the Joint Requirements Council by the Secretary and Deputy Secretary, the Joint Requirements Council shall— ‘‘(A) identify, assess, and validate joint re-quirements, including existing systems and associated capability gaps, to meet mission needs of the Department; ‘‘(B) ensure that appropriate efficiencies are made among life cycle cost, schedule, and performance objectives, and procure-ment quantity objectives, in the establish-ment and approval of joint requirements; and ‘‘(C) make prioritized capability rec-ommendations for the joint requirements validated under subparagraph (A) to the Sec-retary, the Deputy Secretary, or the chair-person of a Department leadership council designated by the Secretary to review deci-sions of the Joint Requirements Council. ‘‘(4) CHAIRPERSON .—The Secretary shall ap-point a chairperson of the Joint Require-ments Council, for a term of not more than 2 years, from among senior officials of the Department as designated by the Secretary. ‘‘(5) C
OMPOSITION .—The Joint Require-ments Council shall be composed of senior officials representing components of the De-partment and other senior officials as des-ignated by the Secretary. ‘‘(6) R
ELATIONSHIP TO FUTURE YEARS HOME -
LAND SECURITY PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall ensure that the Future Years Home-land Security Program required under sec-tion 874 is consistent with the recommenda-tions of the Joint Requirements Council re-quired under paragraph (3)(C), as affirmed by the Secretary, the Deputy Secretary, or the chairperson of a Department leadership council designated by the Secretary under that paragraph.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 890A the following: ‘‘Sec. 890B. Department leadership coun-cils.’’. 
SEC. 1223. EXCLUDED PARTY LIST SYSTEM WAIV-ERS. 
Not later than 5 days after the date on which the Chief Procurement Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security issues a waiver of the re-quirement that an agency not engage in business with a contractor or other recipient of funds listed in the System for Award Man-agement, or a successor system, as main-tained by the General Services Administra-tion, the Office of Legislative Affairs of the Department of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to Congress notice of such waiver and an explanation for a finding by the Under Sec-retary for Management that a compelling reason exists for issuing the waiver. 
SEC. 1224. INSPECTOR GENERAL OVERSIGHT OF SUSPENSION AND DEBARMENT. 
The Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall— (1) conduct audits as determined necessary by the Inspector General regarding grant and procurement awards to identify instances in which a contract or grant was improperly awarded to a suspended or debarred entity and whether corrective actions were taken to prevent recurrence; and (2) review the suspension and debarment program throughout the Department of Homeland Security to assess whether sus-pension and debarment criteria are consist-ently applied throughout the Department of Homeland Security and whether disparities exist in the application of such criteria, par-ticularly with respect to business size and categories. 
SEC. 1225. SUSPENSION AND DEBARMENT PRO-GRAM AND PAST PERFORMANCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘congressional homeland secu-rity committees’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act; (2) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (3) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. (b) ESTABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a suspension and debarment program that ensures the Department and each of the components of the Department comply with the laws, regulations, and guidance related to the suspension, debarment, and ineligi-bility of contractors. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The program required to be established under paragraph (1) shall include policies and processes for— (A) tracking, reviewing, and documenting suspension and debarment decisions, includ-ing those related to poor performance, fraud, national security considerations, and other criteria determined appropriate by the Sec-retary; (B) ensuring consideration of and referral for suspension, debarment, or other nec-essary actions that protect the interests of the Federal Government; (C) managing and sharing relevant docu-ments and information on contractors for use across the Department; (D) requiring timely reporting into depart-mental and Government-wide databases by the suspension and debarment officials of contractor suspensions, debarments, or de-terminations of ineligibility, or other rel-evant information; and (E) issuing guidance to implement these policies and for the timely implementation of agreed upon recommendations from the Inspector General of the Department or the Comptroller General of the United States. (3) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—The pro- gram required to be established under sub-section (b)(1) shall— (A) require that any referral made by a contracting official for consideration of ac-tions to protect the interests of the Federal Government be evaluated by the Suspension and Debarment Official in writing in accord-ance with applicable regulations; and (B) develop and require training for all contracting officials of the Department on the causes for suspension and debarment and complying with departmental and Govern-ment-wide policies and processes. (c) P
ASTPERFORMANCE REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Procurement Officer of the Department shall require for any solicitation for a competitive contract by a component of the Department that the head of contracting activity for the compo-nent shall include past performance as an evaluation factor in the solicitation, con-sistent with applicable laws and regulations and policies established by the Chief Pro-curement Officer. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the re-quirements of paragraph (1), the Chief Pro-curement Officer shall establish depart-mental policies and procedures, consistent with applicable laws and regulations, to as-sess the past performance of contractors and relevant subcontractors (including contracts performed at the State or local level) as part of the source selection process. (3) W
AIVERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Procurement Officer of the Department may waive a re-quirement under paragraph (1) with respect to a solicitation if the Chief Procurement Of-ficer determines that the waiver is in the best interest of the Government. (B) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Chief Procure-ment Officer issues a waiver under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees written notice of the waiver, which shall in-clude a description of the reasons for the waiver. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00265 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3660 June 11, 2018 
Subtitle C—Acquisition Program Manage-ment Accountability and Transparency 
SEC. 1231. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION FOR MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.), as amended by section 1221, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 837. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS FOR MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM BREACH. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT -
TEES OF CONGRESS .—In this section, the term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) in the case of notice or a report relat-ing to the Coast Guard or the Transportation Security Administration, the committees de-scribed in paragraph (1) and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS WITHIN DEPARTMENT IN  E
VENT OF BREACH .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) N
OTIFICATION OF BREACH .—If a breach occurs in a major acquisition program, the program manager for the program shall no-tify the Component Acquisition Executive for the program, the head of the component concerned, the Executive Director of the Program Accountability and Risk Manage-ment division, the Under Secretary for Man-agement, and the Deputy Secretary not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the breach is identified. ‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION TO SECRETARY .—If a breach occurs in a major acquisition pro-gram and the breach results in a cost over-run greater than 15 percent, a schedule delay greater than 180 days, or a failure to meet any of the performance thresholds from the cost, schedule, or performance parameters specified in the most recently approved ac-quisition program baseline for the program, the Component Acquisition Executive for the program shall notify the Secretary and the Inspector General of the Department not later than 5 business days after the date on which the Component Acquisition Executive for the program, the head of the component concerned, the Executive Director of the Program Accountability and Risk Manage-ment Division, the Under Secretary for Man-agement, and the Deputy Secretary are noti-fied of the breach under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) R
EMEDIATION PLAN AND ROOT CAUSE  
ANALYSIS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a breach occurs in a major acquisition program, the program manager for the program shall submit in writing to the head of the component con-cerned, the Executive Director of the Pro-gram Accountability and Risk Management division, and the Under Secretary for Man-agement, at a date established by the Under Secretary for Management, a remediation plan and root cause analysis relating to the breach and program. ‘‘(B) R
EMEDIATION PLAN .—The remediation plan required under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) explain the circumstances of the breach at issue; ‘‘(ii) provide prior cost estimating informa-tion; ‘‘(iii) include a root cause analysis that de-termines the underlying cause or causes of shortcomings in cost, schedule, or perform-ance of the major acquisition program with respect to which the breach has occurred, in-cluding the role, if any, of— ‘‘(I) unrealistic performance expectations; ‘‘(II) unrealistic baseline estimates for cost or schedule or changes in program require-ments; ‘‘(III) immature technologies or excessive manufacturing or integration risk; ‘‘(IV) unanticipated design, engineering, manufacturing, or technology integration issues arising during program performance; ‘‘(V) changes to the scope of the program; ‘‘(VI) inadequate program funding or changes in planned out-year funding from one 5-year funding plan to the next 5-year funding plan as outlined in the Future Years Homeland Security Program required under section 874; ‘‘(VII) legislative, legal, or regulatory changes; or ‘‘(VIII) inadequate program management personnel, including lack of sufficient num-ber of staff, training, credentials, certifi-cations, or use of best practices; ‘‘(iv) propose corrective action to address cost growth, schedule delays, or performance issues; ‘‘(v) explain the rationale for why a pro-posed corrective action is recommended; and ‘‘(vi) in coordination with the Component Acquisition Executive for the program, dis-cuss all options considered, including— ‘‘(I) the estimated impact on cost, sched-ule, or performance of the program if no changes are made to current requirements; ‘‘(II) the estimated cost of the program if requirements are modified; and ‘‘(III) the extent to which funding from other programs will need to be reduced to cover the cost growth of the program. ‘‘(3) REVIEW OF CORRECTIVE ACTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Management— ‘‘(i) shall review each remediation plan re-quired under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) not later than 30 days after submis-sion of a remediation plan under paragraph (2), may approve the plan or provide an alter-native proposed corrective action. ‘‘(B) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Under Secretary for Management completes a review of a remediation plan under sub-paragraph (A), the Under Secretary for Man-agement shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a copy of the reme-diation plan. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO CONGRES -
SIONAL NOTIFICATION IF BREACH OCCURS .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—If a notifi-cation to the Secretary is made under sub-section (b)(1)(B) relating to a breach in a major acquisition program, the Under Sec-retary for Management shall notify the ap-propriate committees of Congress of the breach in the next semi-annual Acquisition Program Health Assessment described in sec-tion 717(a)(3) after receipt by the Under Sec-retary for Management of the notification under subsection (b)(1)(B). ‘‘(2) S
IGNIFICANT VARIANCES IN COSTS OR  
SCHEDULE .—If a likely cost overrun is greater than 20 percent or a likely delay is greater than 12 months from the costs and schedule specified in the acquisition program baseline for a major acquisition program, the Under Secretary for Management shall include in the notification required under paragraph (1) a written certification, with supporting ex-planation, that— ‘‘(A) the program is essential to the accom-plishment of the mission of the Department; ‘‘(B) there are no alternatives to the capa-bility or asset provided by the program that will provide equal or greater capability in a more cost-effective and timely manner; ‘‘(C) the management structure for the program is adequate to manage and control cost, schedule, and performance; and ‘‘(D) includes the date on which the new acquisition schedule and estimates for total acquisition cost will be completed.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1221, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 836 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 837. Congressional notification and other requirements for major acquisition program breach.’’. 
SEC. 1232. MULTIYEAR ACQUISITION STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.), as amended by section 1231, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 838. MULTIYEAR ACQUISITION STRATEGY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Under Secretary for Management shall brief the appropriate congressional commit-tees on a multiyear acquisition strategy to— ‘‘(1) guide the overall direction of the ac-quisitions of the Department while allowing flexibility to deal with ever-changing threats and risks; ‘‘(2) keep pace with changes in technology that could impact deliverables; and ‘‘(3) help industry better understand, plan, and align resources to meet the future acqui-sition needs of the Department. ‘‘(b) U
PDATES .—The strategy required under subsection (a) shall be updated and in-cluded in each Future Years Homeland Secu-rity Program required under section 874. ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the strategy required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall, as the Secretary determines appropriate, consult with headquarters, com-ponents, employees in the field, and individ-uals from industry and the academic com-munity.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1231, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 837 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 838. Multiyear acquisition strategy.’’. 
SEC. 1233. REPORT ON BID PROTESTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ has the meaning given the term in section 837(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 1231(a); and (2) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security. (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department shall conduct a study, in consultation with the Government Accountability Office when necessary, and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the prev-alence and impact of bid protests on the ac-quisition process of the Department, in par-ticular bid protests filed with the Govern-ment Accountability Office and the United States Court of Federal Claims. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (b) shall include— (1) with respect to contracts with the De-partment— (A) trends in the number of bid protests filed with Federal agencies, the Government Accountability Office, and Federal courts and the rate of those bid protests compared to contract obligations and the number of contracts; (B) an analysis of bid protests filed by in-cumbent contractors, including the rate at which those contractors are awarded bridge contracts or contract extensions over the pe-riod during which the bid protest remains unresolved; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00266 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3661 June 11, 2018 
(C) a comparison of the number of bid pro-tests and the outcome of bid protests for— (i) awards of contracts compared to awards of task or delivery orders; (ii) contracts or orders primarily for prod-ucts compared to contracts or orders pri-marily for services; (iii) protests filed pre-award to challenge the solicitation compared to those filed post- award; (iv) contracts or awards with single protestors compared to multiple protestors; and (v) contracts with single awards compared to multiple award contracts; (D) a description of trends in the number of bid protests filed as a percentage of con-tracts and as a percentage of task or delivery orders by the value of the contract or order with respect to— (i) contracts valued at more than $300,000,000; (ii) contracts valued at not less than $50,000,000 and not more than $300,000,000; (iii) contracts valued at not less than $10,000,000 and not more than $50,000,000; and (iv) contracts valued at less than $10,000,000; (E) an assessment of the cost and schedule impact of successful and unsuccessful bid protests, as well as delineation of litigation costs, filed on major acquisitions with more than $100,000,000 in annual expenditures or $300,000,000 in life cycle costs; (F) an analysis of how often bid protestors are awarded the contract that was the sub-ject of the bid protest; (G) a summary of the results of bid pro-tests in which the Department took unilat-eral corrective action, including the average time for remedial action to be completed; (H) the time it takes the Department to implement corrective actions after a ruling or decision with respect to a bid protest, and the percentage of those corrective actions that are subsequently protested, including the outcome of any subsequent bid protest; (I) an analysis of those contracts with re-spect to which a company files a bid protest and later files a subsequent bid protest; and (J) an assessment of the overall time spent on preventing and responding to bid protests as it relates to the procurement process; and (2) any recommendations by the Inspector General of the Department relating to the study conducted under this section. 
SEC. 1234. PROHIBITION AND LIMITATIONS ON USE OF COST-PLUS CONTRACTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (2) the term ‘‘major acquisition program’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101), as amended by this Act. (b) P
ROHIBITION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall mod-ify the acquisition regulations of the Depart-ment to prohibit the use of cost-type con-tracts, unless the head of contracting activ-ity determines in writing that— (1) a cost-type contract is required by the level of program risk; and (2) appropriate steps will be taken as soon as practicable to reduce that risk so that fol-low-on contracts for the same product or service can be awarded on a fixed-price basis, and delineates those steps in writing. (c) M
AJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS .— (1) P
ROHIBITION .—The Department shall prohibit the use of cost-plus contracts with respect to procurements for the production of major acquisition programs. (2) L
IMITATION ON AUTHORIZING OF COST - 
TYPE CONTRACTS .—The Chief Procurement Officer of the Department, in consultation with the Acquisition Review Board required to be established under section 836 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 1221(a), may authorize the use of a cost-type contract for a major acquisition program only upon a written determination that— (A) the major acquisition program is so complex and technically challenging that it is not practicable to use a contract type other than a cost-plus reimbursable contract for the development of the major acquisition program; (B) all reasonable efforts have been made to define the requirements sufficiently to allow for the use of a contract type other than a cost-plus reimbursable contract for the development of the major acquisition program; and (C) despite the efforts described in subpara-graph (B), the Department cannot define re-quirements sufficiently to allow for the use of a contract type other than a cost-plus re-imbursable contract for the development of the major acquisition program. SEC. 1235. BRIDGE CONTRACTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘acquisition program’’ and ‘‘congressional homeland security commit-tees’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act; (2) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (3) the term ‘‘Executive agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 105 of title 5, United States Code. (b) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Chief Procurement Officer of the Department shall develop, in consultation with the Office of Federal Procurement Policy— (1) a common definition of a bridge con-tract; and (2) policies and procedures for the Depart-ment that, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, seek to— (A) minimize the use of bridge contracts while providing for continuation of services to be performed through contracts; and (B) ensure appropriate planning by con-tracting officials. (c) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS .—The policies and procedures developed under subsection (b) shall include the following elements: (1) Sufficient time and planning to review contract requirements, compete contracts as appropriate, enter into contracts, and con-sider the possibility of bid protests. (2) For contracts that do not meet timeli-ness standards or that require entering into bridge contracts, contracting officials shall notify the Chief Procurement Officer of the Department and the head of the component agency of the Department. (3) The Chief Procurement Officer of the Department shall approve any bridge con-tract that lasts longer than 6 months, and the head of the component agency of the De-partment shall approve any bridge contract that lasts longer than 1 year. (d) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—The Chief Procure-ment Officer of the Department shall provide public notice not later than 30 days after en-tering into a bridge contract, which shall in-clude the notice required under subsection (c)(2) to the extent that information is avail-able. (e) E
XCEPTIONS .—The policies and proce-dures developed under subsection (b) shall not apply to— (1) service contracts in support of contin-gency operations, humanitarian assistance, or disaster relief; (2) service contracts in support of national security emergencies declared with respect to named operations; or (3) service contracts entered into pursuant to international agreements. (f) REPORTS .—Not later than September 30, 2020, and by September 30 of each subsequent year thereafter until 2025, the Chief Procure-ment Officer of the Department shall submit to the congressional homeland security com-mittees and make publicly available on the website of the Department a report on the use of bridge contracts for all acquisition programs, which shall include— (1) a common definition for a bridge con-tract, if in existence, that is used by con-tracting offices of Executive agencies; (2) the total number of bridge contracts en-tered into during the previous fiscal year; (3) the estimated value of each contract that required the use of a bridge contract and the cost of each such bridge contract; (4) the reasons for and cost of each bridge contract; (5) the types of services or goods being ac-quired under each bridge contract; (6) the length of the initial contract that required the use of a bridge contract, includ-ing the base and any exercised option years, and the cumulative length of any bridge con-tract or contracts related to the initial con-tract; (7) a description of how many of the con-tracts that required bridge contracts were the result of bid protests; (8) a description of existing statutory, reg-ulatory, or agency guidance that the Depart-ment followed to execute each bridge con-tract; and (9) any other matters determined to be rel-evant by the Chief Procurement Officer of the Department. 
SEC. 1236. ACQUISITION REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.), as amended by section 1232, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 839. ACQUISITION POLICIES AND GUID-ANCE. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM ACCOUNTABILITY REPORT .— The Under Secretary for Management shall prepare and submit to the congressional homeland security committees a semi-an-nual program accountability report to meet the mandate of the Department to perform program health assessments and improve program execution and governance. ‘‘(b) L
EVEL 3 A CQUISITION PROGRAMS OF  C
OMPONENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
DENTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, component heads of the Department shall identify to the Under Secretary for Management all level 3 acquisition programs of each respective component. ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after receipt of the information under para-graph (1), the Under Secretary for Manage-ment shall certify in writing to the congres-sional homeland security committees wheth-er the heads of the components of the De-partment have properly identified the pro-grams described in that paragraph. ‘‘(3) M
ETHODOLOGY .—To carry out this sub-section, the Under Secretary shall establish a process with a repeatable methodology to continually identify level 3 acquisition pro-grams. ‘‘(c) P
OLICIES AND GUIDANCE .— ‘‘(1) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Component Acquisition Executives shall submit to the Under Secretary for Manage-ment the policies and relevant guidance for the level 3 acquisition programs of each com-ponent. ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 90 days after receipt of the policies and guidance under subparagraph (A), the Under Secretary shall certify in writing to the congressional homeland security committees that the poli-cies and guidance of each component adhere to Department-wide acquisition policies.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00267 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3662 June 11, 2018 
(b) T ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1232, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 838 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 839. Acquisition policies and guid-ance.’’. TITLE III—INTELLIGENCE AND INFORMATION SHARING Subtitle A—Department of Homeland Security Intelligence Enterprise 
SEC. 1301. HOMELAND INTELLIGENCE DOCTRINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), as amended by section 1601(g) of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 210F. HOMELAND INTELLIGENCE DOC-TRINE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary, acting through the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Department, in co-ordination with intelligence components of the Department, the Office of the General Counsel, the Privacy Office, and the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, shall de-velop and disseminate written Department- wide guidance for the processing, analysis, production, and dissemination of homeland security information (as such term is defined in section 892) and terrorism information (as such term is defined in section 1016 of the In-telligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 485)). ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The guidance required under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, in-clude the following: ‘‘(1) A description of guiding principles and purposes of the Department’s intelligence enterprise. ‘‘(2) A summary of the roles and respon-sibilities, if any, of each intelligence compo-nent of the Department and programs of the intelligence components of the Department in the processing, analysis, production, and dissemination of homeland security informa-tion and terrorism information, including relevant authorities and restrictions applica-ble to each intelligence component of the Department and programs of each such intel-ligence component. ‘‘(3) Guidance for the processing, analysis, and production of such information, includ-ing descriptions of component or program specific datasets that facilitate the proc-essing, analysis, and production. ‘‘(4) Guidance for the dissemination of such information, including within the Depart-ment, among and between Federal depart-ments and agencies, among and between State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ments, including law enforcement agencies, and with foreign partners and the private sector. ‘‘(5) A statement of intent regarding how the dissemination of homeland security in-formation and terrorism information to the intelligence community (as such term is de-fined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))) and Federal law enforcement agencies should assist the intelligence community and Federal law en-forcement agencies in carrying out their re-spective missions. ‘‘(6) A statement of intent regarding how the dissemination of homeland security in-formation and terrorism information to State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ment agencies, including law enforcement agencies, should assist the agencies in car-rying out their respective missions. ‘‘(c) F
ORM.—The guidance required under subsection (a) shall be disseminated in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. ‘‘(d) ANNUAL REVIEW .—For each of the 5 fis-cal years beginning with the first fiscal year that begins after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall conduct a review of the guidance required under sub-section (a) and, as appropriate, revise such guidance.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1601(i) of this Act, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210E the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 210F. Homeland intelligence doc-trine.’’. 
SEC. 1302. PERSONNEL FOR THE CHIEF INTEL-LIGENCE OFFICER. 
Section 201(e)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(e)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Sec-retary shall also provide the Chief Intel-ligence Officer with a staff having appro-priate component intelligence program ex-pertise and experience to assist the Chief In-telligence Officer.’’. 
SEC. 1303. ANNUAL HOMELAND TERRORIST THREAT ASSESSMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 210G. HOMELAND TERRORIST THREAT AS-SESSMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion and for each of the following 5 fiscal years (beginning in the first fiscal year that begins after the date of the enactment of this section), the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, and using departmental informa-tion, including component information co-ordinated with each intelligence component of the Department and programs of each such intelligence component, and informa-tion provided through State and major urban area fusion centers, shall conduct an assess-ment of the terrorist threat to the home-land. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each assessment under subsection (a) shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Empirical data assessing terrorist ac-tivities and incidents over time in the United States, including terrorist activities and incidents planned or supported by for-eign or domestic terrorists or persons out-side of the United States to occur in the homeland. ‘‘(2) An evaluation of current terrorist tac-tics, as well as ongoing and possible future changes in terrorist tactics. ‘‘(3) An assessment of criminal activity en-countered or observed by officers or employ-ees of components which is suspected of fi-nancing terrorist activity. ‘‘(4) Detailed information on all individ-uals suspected of involvement in terrorist activity and subsequently— ‘‘(A) prosecuted for a Federal criminal of-fense, including details of the criminal charges involved; ‘‘(B) placed into removal proceedings, in-cluding details of the removal processes and charges used; ‘‘(C) denied entry into the United States, including details of the denial processes used; or ‘‘(D) subjected to civil proceedings for rev-ocation of naturalization. ‘‘(5) The efficacy and reach of foreign and domestic terrorist organization propaganda, messaging, or recruitment, including details of any specific propaganda, messaging, or re-cruitment that contributed to terrorist ac-tivities identified pursuant to paragraph (1). ‘‘(6) An assessment of threats, including cyber threats, to the homeland, including to critical infrastructure and Federal civilian networks. ‘‘(7) An assessment of current and poten-tial terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and organized groups seeking to unlawfully enter the United States. ‘‘(8) An assessment of threats to the trans-portation sector, including surface and avia-tion transportation systems. ‘‘(c) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .—The assess-ments required under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) shall, to the extent practicable, utilize existing component data collected and exist-ing component threat assessments; and ‘‘(2) may incorporate relevant information and analysis from other agencies of the Fed-eral Government, agencies of State and local governments (including law enforcement agencies), as well as the private sector, dis-seminated in accordance with standard infor-mation sharing procedures and policies. ‘‘(d) F
ORM.—The assessments required under subsection (a) shall be shared with the appropriate congressional committees and submitted in unclassified form, but may in-clude separate classified annexes, if appro-priate. 
‘‘SEC. 210H. REPORT ON TERRORISM PREVEN-TION ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPART-MENT. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress an annual report that shall include the following: ‘‘(1) A description of the status of the pro-grams and policies of the Department for countering violent extremism and similar activities in the United States. ‘‘(2) A description of the efforts of the De-partment to cooperate with and provide as-sistance to other Federal departments and agencies. ‘‘(3) Qualitative and quantitative metrics for evaluating the success of the programs and policies described in paragraph (1) and the steps taken to evaluate the success of those programs and policies. ‘‘(4) An accounting of— ‘‘(A) grants and cooperative agreements awarded by the Department to counter vio-lent extremism; and ‘‘(B) all training specifically aimed at countering violent extremism sponsored by the Department. ‘‘(5) In coordination with the Under Sec-retary for Intelligence and Analysis, an anal-ysis of how the activities of the Department to counter violent extremism correspond and adapt to the threat environment. ‘‘(6) A summary of how civil rights and civil liberties are protected in the activities of the Department to counter violent extre-mism. ‘‘(7) An evaluation of the use of grants and cooperative agreements awarded under sec-tions 2003 and 2004 to support efforts of local communities in the United States to counter violent extremism, including information on the effectiveness of those grants and cooper-ative agreements in countering violent ex-tremism. ‘‘(8) A description of how the Department incorporated lessons learned from the coun-tering violent extremism programs and poli-cies and similar activities of foreign, State, local, tribal, and territorial governments and stakeholder communities. ‘‘(9) A description of the decision process used by the Department to rename or refocus the entities within the Department that are focused on the issues described in this sub-section, including a description of the threat basis for that decision. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00268 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3663 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(b) A NNUAL REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, and annually thereafter, the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the De-partment shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a review of the countering violent extremism and similar activities of the Department to ensure that all such ac-tivities of the Department respect the pri-vacy, civil rights, and civil liberties of all persons; and ‘‘(2) make publicly available on the website of the Department a report containing the results of the review conducted under para-graph (1).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 201(d) (6 U.S.C. 121(d)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(27) To carry out section 210G (relating to homeland terrorist threat assessments) and section 210H (relating to terrorism preven-tion activities).’’; and (2) in section 2008(b)(1) (6 U.S.C. 609(b)(1))— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to support any organization or group which has knowingly or recklessly funded domestic terrorism or international ter-rorism (as those terms are defined in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code) or orga-nization or group known to engage in or re-cruit to such activities, as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Adminis-trator, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, and the heads of other appro-priate Federal departments and agencies.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1301, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210F the following: ‘‘Sec. 210G. Homeland terrorist threat as-sessments. ‘‘Sec. 210H. Report on terrorism prevention activities of the Department.’’. (d) S
UNSET .—Effective on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act— (1) section 210H of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), is re-pealed; and (2) the table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 210H. 
SEC. 1304. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY DATA FRAMEWORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall develop a data frame-work to integrate existing Department of Homeland Security datasets and systems, as appropriate, for access by authorized per-sonnel in a manner consistent with relevant legal authorities and privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties policies and protections. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In developing the framework required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall en-sure, in accordance with all applicable statu-tory and regulatory requirements, the fol-lowing information is included: (A) All information acquired, held, or ob-tained by an office or component of the De-partment of Homeland Security that falls within the scope of the information sharing environment, including homeland security information, terrorism information, weapons of mass destruction information, and na-tional intelligence. (B) Any information or intelligence rel-evant to priority mission needs and capa-bility requirements of the homeland security enterprise, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. (b) DATAFRAMEWORK ACCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall ensure that the data framework required under this section is ac-cessible to employees of the Department of Homeland Security who the Secretary deter-mines— (A) have an appropriate security clearance; (B) are assigned to perform a function that requires access to information in such framework; and (C) are trained in applicable standards for safeguarding and using such information. (2) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (A) issue guidance for Department of Homeland Security employees authorized to access and contribute to the data framework pursuant to paragraph (1); and (B) ensure that such guidance enforces a duty to share between offices and compo-nents of the Department when accessing or contributing to such framework for mission needs. (3) E
FFICIENCY .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall promulgate data stand-ards and instruct components of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to make avail-able information through the data frame-work required under this section in a ma-chine-readable standard format, to the great-est extent practicable. (c) E
XCLUSION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may exclude in-formation from the data framework if the Secretary determines inclusion of such infor-mation may— (1) jeopardize the protection of sources, methods, or activities; (2) compromise a criminal or national se-curity investigation; (3) be inconsistent with other Federal laws or regulations; or (4) be duplicative or not serve an oper-ational purpose if included in such frame-work. (d) S
AFEGUARDS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall incorporate into the data framework required under this section sys-tems capabilities for auditing and ensuring the security of information included in such framework. Such capabilities shall include the following: (1) Mechanisms for identifying insider threats. (2) Mechanisms for identifying security risks. (3) Safeguards for privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties. (e) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure the data framework re-quired under this section has the ability to include the information described in sub-section (a). (f) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .— (1) S
TATUS UPDATES .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees regular updates on the status of the data framework until such framework is fully operational. (2) O
PERATIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the data framework required under this section is fully operational, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide notice to the appro-priate congressional committees that the data framework is fully operational. (3) V
ALUE ADDED .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall include in each assess-ment required under section 210G(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Act, if applicable, a description of the use of the data framework required under this section to support operations that dis-rupt terrorist activities and incidents in the homeland. (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committee’’— (A) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101); and (B) includes the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) H
OMELAND .—The term ‘‘homeland’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). (3) H
OMELAND SECURITY INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘homeland security information’’ has the meaning given such term in section 892 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 482). (4) I
NSIDER THREAT .—The term ‘‘insider threat’’ has the meaning given such term in section 104 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 1305. (5) N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .—The term ‘‘na-tional intelligence’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(5) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(5)). (6) T
ERRORISM INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘terrorism information’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1016 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 485). 
SEC. 1305. ESTABLISHMENT OF INSIDER THREAT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 111 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 104. INSIDER THREAT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish an Insider Threat Program within the Department, which shall— ‘‘(1) provide training and education for em-ployees of the Department to identify, pre-vent, mitigate, and respond to insider threat risks to the Department’s critical assets; ‘‘(2) provide investigative support regard-ing potential insider threats that may pose a risk to the Department’s critical assets; and ‘‘(3) conduct risk mitigation activities for insider threats. ‘‘(b) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a Steering Committee within the Department. ‘‘(B) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the Steering Committee shall be as follows: ‘‘(i) The Under Secretary for Management and the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall serve as the Co-Chairpersons of the Steering Committee. ‘‘(ii) The Chief Security Officer, as the des-ignated Senior Insider Threat Official, shall serve as the Vice Chairperson of the Steering Committee. ‘‘(iii) The other members of the Steering Committee shall be comprised of representa-tives of— ‘‘(I) the Office of Intelligence and Analysis; ‘‘(II) the Office of the Chief Information Of-ficer; ‘‘(III) the Office of the General Counsel; ‘‘(IV) the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties; ‘‘(V) the Privacy Office; ‘‘(VI) the Office of the Chief Human Cap-ital Officer; ‘‘(VII) the Office of the Chief Financial Of-ficer; ‘‘(VIII) the Federal Protective Service; ‘‘(IX) the Office of the Chief Procurement Officer; ‘‘(X) the Science and Technology Direc-torate; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00269 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3664 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(XI) other components or offices of the Department as appropriate. ‘‘(C) M
EETINGS .—The members of the Steering Committee shall meet on a regular basis to discuss cases and issues related to insider threats to the Department’s critical assets, in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section, the Under Secretary for Manage-ment, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, and the Chief Security Officer, in coordination with the Steering Com-mittee, shall— ‘‘(A) develop a holistic strategy for Depart-ment-wide efforts to identify, prevent, miti-gate, and respond to insider threats to the Department’s critical assets; ‘‘(B) develop a plan to implement the in-sider threat measures identified in the strat-egy developed under subparagraph (A) across the components and offices of the Depart-ment; ‘‘(C) document insider threat policies and controls; ‘‘(D) conduct a baseline risk assessment of insider threats posed to the Department’s critical assets; ‘‘(E) examine programmatic and tech-nology best practices adopted by the Federal Government, industry, and research institu-tions to implement solutions that are vali-dated and cost-effective; ‘‘(F) develop a timeline for deploying workplace monitoring technologies, em-ployee awareness campaigns, and education and training programs related to identifying, preventing, mitigating, and responding to potential insider threats to the Depart-ment’s critical assets; ‘‘(G) consult with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and other appro-priate stakeholders to ensure the Insider Threat Program is informed, on an ongoing basis, by current information regarding threats, best practices, and available tech-nology; and ‘‘(H) develop, collect, and report metrics on the effectiveness of the Department’s insider threat mitigation efforts. ‘‘(c) P
RESERVATION OF MERIT SYSTEM  R
IGHTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Steering Committee shall not seek to, and the authorities pro-vided under this section shall not be used to, deter, detect, or mitigate disclosures of in-formation by Government employees or con-tractors that are lawful under and protected by section 17(d)(5) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(5)) (com-monly known as the ‘Intelligence Commu-nity Whistleblower Protection Act of 1998’), chapter 12 or 23 of title 5, United States Code, the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or any other whistleblower statute, regulation, or policy. ‘‘(2) I
MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any activity carried out under this section shall be subject to section 115 of the Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIRED STATEMENT .—Any activity to implement or enforce any insider threat activity or authority under this section or Executive Order 13587 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) shall include the statement required by sec-tion 115 of the Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note) that preserves rights under whistleblower laws and section 7211 of title 5, United States Code, protecting communications with Con-gress. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
RITICAL ASSETS .—The term ‘critical assets’ means the resources, including per-sonnel, facilities, information, equipment, networks, or systems necessary for the De-partment to fulfill its mission. ‘‘(2) EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘employee’ has the meaning given the term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(3) I
NSIDER .—The term ‘insider’ means— ‘‘(A) any person who has or had authorized access to Department facilities, information, equipment, networks, or systems and is em-ployed by, detailed to, or assigned to the De-partment, including members of the Armed Forces, experts or consultants to the Depart-ment, industrial or commercial contractors, licensees, certificate holders, or grantees of the Department, including all subcontrac-tors, personal services contractors, or any other category of person who acts for or on behalf of the Department, as determined by the Secretary; or ‘‘(B) State, local, tribal, territorial, and private sector personnel who possess secu-rity clearances granted by the Department. ‘‘(4) I
NSIDER THREAT .—The term ‘insider threat’ means the threat that an insider will use his or her authorized access, wittingly or unwittingly, to do harm to the security of the United States, including damage to the United States through espionage, terrorism, the unauthorized disclosure of classified na-tional security information, or through the loss or degradation of departmental re-sources or capabilities. ‘‘(5) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .—The term ‘Steering Committee’ means the Steering Committee established under subsection (b)(1)(A).’’. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and once every 2 years thereafter for the fol-lowing 4-year period, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate a report on— (A) how the Department of Homeland Se-curity, including the components and offices of the Department of Homeland Security, have implemented the strategy developed under section 104(b)(2)(A) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Act; (B) the status of the risk assessment of critical assets being conducted by the De-partment of Homeland Security; (C) the types of insider threat training con-ducted; (D) the number of employees of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security who have re-ceived insider threat training; and (E) information on the effectiveness of the Insider Threat Program (established under section 104(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Act), based on metrics developed, collected, and reported pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(H) of such sec-tion 104. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘‘critical assets’’, ‘‘insider’’, and ‘‘in-sider threat’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 104 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (as added by this Act). (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 103 the following: ‘‘Sec. 104. Insider Threat Program.’’. 
SEC. 1306. REPORT ON APPLICATIONS AND THREATS OF BLOCKCHAIN TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives. (2) FOREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ means an organization designated as a foreign ter-rorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (4) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’ means a country the government of which the Sec-retary of State has determined to be a gov-ernment that has repeatedly provided sup-port for acts of international terrorism for purposes of— (A) section 6(j)(1)(A) of the Export Admin-istration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)(1)(A)) (as continued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)); (B) section 620A(a) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371(a)); (C) section 40(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)); or (D) any other provision of law. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Treasury, the Attorney Gen-eral, the Director of National Intelligence, and the heads of such other departments and agencies of the Federal Government as the Secretary considers appropriate, shall pro-vide to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on the applications and threats of blockchain technology. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (b) shall include— (1) an assessment of potential offensive and defensive cyber applications of blockchain technology and other distributed ledger technologies; (2) an assessment of the actual and poten-tial threat posed by individuals and state sponsors of terrorism using distributed ledg-er-enabled currency and other emerging fi-nancial technological capabilities to carry out activities in furtherance of an act of ter-rorism, including the provision of material support or resources to a foreign terrorist or-ganization; (3) an assessment of the use or planned use of such technologies by the Federal Govern-ment and critical infrastructure networks; and (4) a threat assessment of efforts by foreign powers, foreign terrorist organizations, and criminal networks to utilize such tech-nologies and related threats to the home-land, including an assessment of the vulnerabilities of critical infrastructure net-works to related cyberattacks. (d) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required under subsection (b) shall be provided in un-classified form, but may include a classified supplement. (e) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Consistent with the pro-tection of classified and confidential unclas-sified information, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall share the threat assessment developed under this sec-tion with State, local, and tribal law en-forcement officials, including officials that operate within fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. 
SEC. 1307. TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANI-ZATIONS THREAT ASSESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00270 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3665 June 11, 2018 
the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall, in coordination with appro-priate Federal partners, develop and dissemi-nate a threat assessment on whether transnational criminal organizations are ex-ploiting United States border security vulnerabilities in border security screening programs to gain access to the United States and threaten the United States or border se-curity. (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Upon completion of the threat assessment required under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall make a determination if any changes are required to address security vulnerabilities identified in such assessment. (c) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Consistent with the pro-tection of classified and confidential unclas-sified information, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall share the threat assessment developed under this sec-tion with State, local, and tribal law en-forcement officials, including officials that operate within fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. 
SEC. 1308. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY COUNTER THREATS ADVISORY BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 210I. DEPARTMENTAL COORDINATION ON COUNTER THREATS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is authorized in the Department, for a period of 2 years be-ginning after the date of enactment of this section, a Counter Threats Advisory Board (in this section referred to as the ‘Board’) which shall— ‘‘(1) be composed of senior representatives of departmental operational components and headquarters elements; and ‘‘(2) coordinate departmental intelligence activities and policy and information related to the mission and functions of the Depart-ment that counter threats. ‘‘(b) C
HARTER .—There shall be a charter to govern the structure and mission of the Board, which shall— ‘‘(1) direct the Board to focus on the cur-rent threat environment and the importance of aligning departmental activities to counter threats under the guidance of the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) be reviewed and updated as appro-priate. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall be com-posed of senior representatives of depart-mental operational components and head-quarters elements. ‘‘(2) C
HAIR.—The Under Secretary for Intel-ligence and Analysis shall serve as the Chair of the Board. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERS .—The Secretary shall ap-point additional members of the Board from among the following: ‘‘(A) The Transportation Security Admin-istration. ‘‘(B) U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(C) U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement. ‘‘(D) The Federal Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(E) The Coast Guard. ‘‘(F) U. S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. ‘‘(G) The United States Secret Service. ‘‘(H) The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. ‘‘(I) The Office of Operations Coordination. ‘‘(J) The Office of the General Counsel. ‘‘(K) The Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis. ‘‘(L) The Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans. ‘‘(M) The Science and Technology Direc-torate. ‘‘(N) The Office for State and Local Law Enforcement. ‘‘(O) The Privacy Office. ‘‘(P) The Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties. ‘‘(Q) Other departmental offices and pro-grams as determined appropriate by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(d) MEETINGS .—The Board shall— ‘‘(1) meet on a regular basis to discuss in-telligence and coordinate ongoing threat mitigation efforts and departmental activi-ties, including coordination with other Fed-eral, State, local, tribal, territorial, and pri-vate sector partners; and ‘‘(2) make recommendations to the Sec-retary. ‘‘(e) T
ERRORISM ALERTS .—The Board shall advise the Secretary on the issuance of ter-rorism alerts under section 203. ‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDS .— No additional funds are authorized to carry out this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1303, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210H the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 210I. Departmental coordination to counter threats.’’. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, acting through the Chair of the Counter Threats Advisory Board established under section 210I of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the status and activities of the Counter Threats Advisory Board. (d) N
OTICE .—The Department of Homeland Security shall provide written notification to and brief the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives on any changes to or introductions of new mechanisms to coordinate threats across the Department. 
SEC. 1309. BRIEFING ON PHARMACEUTICAL- BASED AGENT THREATS. 
(a) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, in con-sultation with other departments and agen-cies of the Federal Government as the As-sistant Secretary considers appropriate, shall brief the appropriate congressional committees on threats related to pharma-ceutical-based agents. The briefing shall in-corporate, and the Assistant Secretary shall update as necessary, any related Terrorism Risk Assessments or Material Threat Assess-ments related to the threat. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of threats from individ-uals or organizations using pharmaceutical- based agents to carry out activities in fur-therance of any act of terrorism; (2) an assessment of materiel and non-ma-teriel capabilities within the Federal Gov-ernment to deter and manage the con-sequences of such an attack; and (3) a strategy to address any identified ca-pability gaps to deter and manage the con-sequences of any act of terrorism using phar-maceutical-based agents. (c) F
ORM OF BRIEFING .—The briefing under subsection (a) may be provided in classified form. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committee’’ has the meaning given that term under section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). (2) P
HARMACEUTICAL -BASED AGENT .—The term ‘‘pharmaceutical-based agent’’ means a chemical, including fentanyl, carfentanil, and related analogues, which affects the cen-tral nervous system and has the potential to be used as a chemical weapon. Subtitle B—Stakeholder Information Sharing 
SEC. 1311. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY FUSION CENTER PARTNERSHIP INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h) is amended— (1) by amending the section heading to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 210A. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY FUSION CENTER PARTNERSHIP INITIATIVE.’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Beginning on the date of en-actment of the Department of Homeland Se-curity Authorization Act, such Initiative shall be known as the ‘Department of Home-land Security Fusion Center Partnership Ini-tiative’.’’; (3) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
NTERAGENCY SUPPORT AND COORDINA -
TION.—Through the Department of Homeland Security Fusion Center Partnership Initia-tive, in coordination with principal officials of fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers and the officers designated as the Homeland Security Advisors of the States, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate with the heads of other Federal departments and agencies to provide operational, analytic, and reporting intel-ligence advice and assistance to the National Network of Fusion Centers and to align homeland security intelligence activities with other field based intelligence activities; ‘‘(2) support the integration of fusion cen-ters into the information sharing environ-ment, including by— ‘‘(A) providing for the effective dissemina-tion of information within the scope of the information sharing environment to the Na-tional Network of Fusion Centers; ‘‘(B) conducting outreach to such fusion centers to identify any gaps in information sharing; ‘‘(C) consulting with other Federal agen-cies to develop methods to— ‘‘(i) address any such gaps identified under subparagraph (B), as appropriate; and ‘‘(ii) deploy or access such databases and datasets, as appropriate; and ‘‘(D) review information that is gathered by the National Network of Fusion Centers to identify that which is within the scope of the information sharing environment, in-cluding homeland security information (as defined in section 892), terrorism informa-tion, and weapons of mass destruction infor-mation and incorporate such information, as appropriate, into the Department’s own such information; ‘‘(3) facilitate close communication and co-ordination between the National Network of Fusion Centers and the Department and other Federal departments and agencies; ‘‘(4) facilitate information sharing and ex-pertise from the national cybersecurity and communications integration center under section 2209 to the National Network of Fu-sion Centers; ‘‘(5) coordinate the provision of training and technical assistance, including training on the use of Federal databases and datasets described in paragraph (2), to the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00271 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3666 June 11, 2018 
Network of Fusion Centers and encourage participating fusion centers to take part in terrorism threat-related exercises conducted by the Department; ‘‘(6) ensure the dissemination of cyber threat indicators and information about cy-bersecurity risks and incidents to the na-tional Network of Fusion Centers; ‘‘(7) ensure that each fusion center in the National Network of Fusion Centers has a privacy policy approved by the Chief Privacy Officer of the Department and a civil rights and civil liberties policy approved by the Of-ficer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department; ‘‘(8) develop and disseminate best practices on the appropriate levels for staffing at fu-sion centers in the National Network of Fu-sion Centers of qualified representatives from State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement, fire, emergency medical, and emergency management services, and public health disciplines, as well as the private sec-tor; ‘‘(9) to the maximum extent practicable, provide guidance, training, and technical as-sistance to ensure fusion centers operate in accordance with and in a manner that pro-tects privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties afforded by the Constitution of the United States; ‘‘(10) to the maximum extent practicable, provide guidance, training, and technical as-sistance to ensure fusion centers are appro-priately aligned with and able to meaning-fully support Federal homeland security, na-tional security, and law enforcement efforts, including counterterrorism; ‘‘(11) encourage the full participation of the National Network of Fusion Centers in all assessment and evaluation efforts con-ducted by the Department; ‘‘(12) track all Federal funding provided to each fusion center on an individualized basis as well as by funding source; ‘‘(13) ensure that none of the departmental information or data provided or otherwise made available to fusion center personnel is improperly disseminated, accessed for unau-thorized purposes, or otherwise used in a manner inconsistent with Department guid-ance; and ‘‘(14) carry out such other duties as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’; (4) in subsection (c)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘P
ERSONNEL  A
SSIGNMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘R ESOURCE AL-
LOCATION ’’; (B) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
NFORMATION SHARING AND PERSONNEL  
ASSIGNMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall ensure that, as appropriate— ‘‘(i) fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers have access to homeland security information sharing systems; and ‘‘(ii) Department personnel are deployed to support fusion centers in the National Net-work of Fusion Centers in a manner con-sistent with the mission of the Department. ‘‘(B) P
ERSONNEL ASSIGNMENT .—Department personnel referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) may include the following: ‘‘(i) Intelligence officers. ‘‘(ii) Intelligence analysts. ‘‘(iii) Other liaisons from components and offices of the Department, as appropriate. ‘‘(C) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis shall negotiate memoranda of under-standing between the Department and a State or local government, in coordination with the appropriate representatives from fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers, regarding the exchange of information between the Department and such fusion centers. Such memoranda shall include the following: ‘‘(i) The categories of information to be provided by each entity to the other entity that are parties to any such memoranda. ‘‘(ii) The contemplated uses of the ex-changed information that is the subject of any such memoranda. ‘‘(iii) The procedures for developing joint products. ‘‘(iv) The information sharing dispute reso-lution processes. ‘‘(v) Any protections necessary to ensure the exchange of information accords with ap-plicable law and policies. ‘‘(2) SOURCES OF SUPPORT .—Information shared and personnel assigned pursuant to paragraph (1) may be shared or provided, as the case may be, by the following Depart-ment components and offices, in coordina-tion with the respective component or office head and in consultation with the principal officials of fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers: ‘‘(A) The Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis. ‘‘(B) Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-curity Agency. ‘‘(C) The Transportation Security Adminis-tration. ‘‘(D) U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(E) U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement. ‘‘(F) The Coast Guard. ‘‘(G) The national cybersecurity and com-munications integration center under sec-tion 2209. ‘‘(H) Other components or offices of the De-partment, as determined by the Secretary.’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘Q
UALIFYING  
CRITERIA ’’ and inserting ‘‘R ESOURCE ALLOCA -
TION CRITERIA ’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make available criteria for sharing informa-tion and deploying personnel to support a fu-sion center in the National Network of Fu-sion Centers in a manner consistent with the Department’s mission and existing statutory limits.’’; and (D) in paragraph (4)(B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘in which such fusion center is located’’ after ‘‘region’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) assist, in coordination with the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center under section 2209, fusion centers in using information relating to cy-bersecurity risks to develop a comprehensive and accurate threat picture;’’; (D) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘government’’ and inserting ‘‘governments’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) use Department information, includ-ing information held by components and of-fices, to develop analysis focused on the mis-sion of the Department under section 101(b).’’; (6) in subsection (e)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the greatest extent practicable, the Secretary shall make it a priority to allocate resources, including de-partmental component personnel with rel-evant expertise, to support the efforts of fu-sion centers along land or maritime borders of the United States to facilitate law en-forcement agency identification, investiga-tion, and interdiction of persons, weapons, and related contraband that pose a threat to homeland security.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘par-ticipating State, local, and regional fusion centers’’ and inserting ‘‘fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers’’; (7) in subsection (j)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (7); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as paragraphs (2) through (5), re-spectively; (C) by inserting before paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(1) the term ‘cybersecurity risk’ has the meaning given such term in section 2209;’’. (D) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (E) by inserting after such paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) the term ‘National Network of Fusion Centers’ means a decentralized arrangement of fusion centers intended to enhance indi-vidual State and urban area fusion centers’ ability to leverage the capabilities and ex-pertise of all fusion centers for the purpose of enhancing analysis and homeland security information sharing nationally; and’’; and (8) by striking subsection (k). (b) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act and an-nually thereafter through 2024, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security shall report to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate on the value of fusion center intelligence prod-ucts and the expenditure of authorized funds for the support and coordination of the Na-tional Network of Fusion Centers as speci-fied in section 210A of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h), as amended by subsection (a). (c) R
EPORT ON FEDERAL DATABASES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress on the Federal databases and datasets that address any gaps identified pursuant to section 210A(b)(2)(B) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a), including databases and datasets used, operated, or managed by De-partment components, the Department of Justice, including the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation and the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration, and the Department of the Treasury, that are appropriate, in accord-ance with Federal laws and policies, for in-clusion in the information sharing environ-ment. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) Section 2103(c)(1) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 623(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘210A(j)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘210A(j)’’. (2) The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 210A and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 210A. Department of Homeland Secu-rity Fusion Center Partnership Initiative.’’. (e) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in any law, rule, or regulation to the Department of Homeland Security State, Local, and Re-gional Fusion Center Initiative shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00272 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3667 June 11, 2018 
deemed to be a reference to the Department of Homeland Security Fusion Center Part-nership Initiative. 
SEC. 1312. FUSION CENTER PERSONNEL NEEDS ASSESSMENT. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an assessment of Department of Homeland Security personnel assigned to fusion centers pursuant to section 210A(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(c)), as amended by this Act, including an assessment of whether deploying addi-tional Department personnel to such fusion centers would enhance the Department’s mission under section 101(b) of such Act (6 U.S.C. 111(b)) and the National Network of Fusion Centers. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The assessment required under this subsection shall include the fol-lowing: (A) Information on the current deployment of the Department’s personnel to each fusion center. (B) Information on the roles and respon-sibilities of the Department’s Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis intelligence officers, in-telligence analysts, senior reports officers, reports officers, and regional directors de-ployed to fusion centers. (C) Information on Federal resources, in addition to personnel, provided to each fu-sion center. (D) An assessment of fusion centers located in jurisdictions along land and maritime bor-ders of the United States, and the degree to which deploying personnel, as appropriate, from U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and the Coast Guard to such fusion centers would enhance the integrity and security at such borders by helping Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement au-thorities to identify, investigate, and inter-dict persons, weapons, and related contra-band that pose a threat to homeland secu-rity. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘fusion center’’ and ‘‘National Network of Fusion Centers’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 210A(j) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)), as amended by this Act. 
SEC. 1313. STRATEGY FOR FUSION CENTERS SUP-PORTING COUNTERNARCOTICS INI-TIATIVES THROUGH INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION SHARING AND ANAL-YSIS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall submit to Congress a strategy for how the National Network of Fusion Centers (as defined in sec-tion 210A(j) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)), as amended by this Act) will support law enforcement counter-narcotics activities and investigations through intelligence information sharing and analysis, including providing guidelines and best practices to fusion center leadership and personnel. 
SEC. 1314. PROGRAM FOR STATE AND LOCAL AN-ALYST CLEARANCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that any program established by the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Se-curity to provide eligibility for access to in-formation classified as Top Secret for State, local, tribal, and territorial analysts located in fusion centers shall be consistent with the need to know requirements pursuant to Ex-ecutive Order No. 13526 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report on the following: (1) The process by which the Under Sec-retary for Intelligence and Analysis deter-mines a need to know pursuant to Executive Order No. 13526 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) to spon-sor Top Secret clearances for appropriate State, local, tribal, and territorial analysts located in fusion centers. (2) The effects of such Top Secret clear-ances on enhancing information sharing with State, local, tribal, and territorial partners. (3) The cost for providing such Top Secret clearances for State, local, tribal, and terri-torial analysts located in fusion centers, in-cluding training and background investiga-tions. (4) The operational security protocols, training, management, and risks associated with providing such Top Secret clearances for State, local, tribal, and territorial ana-lysts located in fusion centers. (c) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘fusion center’’ has the meaning given the term in section 210A(j) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)), as amended by this Act. 
SEC. 1315. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ASSESS-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security, in collaboration with the Chief Information Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and representa-tives from the National Network of Fusion Centers, shall conduct an assessment of in-formation systems used to share homeland security information between the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and fusion cen-ters in the National Network of Fusion Cen-ters and make upgrades to such systems, as appropriate. Such assessment shall include the following: (1) An evaluation of the security, accessi-bility, and ease of use of such systems by fu-sion centers in the National Network of Fu-sion Centers. (2) A review to determine how to establish improved interoperability of departmental information systems with existing informa-tion systems used by fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. (3) An evaluation of participation levels of departmental components and offices of in-formation systems used to share homeland security information with fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘fusion center’’ and ‘‘Na-tional Network of Fusion Centers’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 210A(j) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)), as amended by this Act; (2) the term ‘‘homeland security informa-tion’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 892 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 482); and (3) the term ‘‘information systems’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. 
SEC. 1316. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY CLASSIFIED FACILITY INVEN-TORY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall, to the extent prac-ticable— (1) maintain an inventory of those Depart-ment of Homeland Security facilities that the Department certifies to house classified infrastructure or systems at the Secret level and above; (2) update such inventory on a regular basis; and (3) share part or all of such inventory with personnel as determined appropriate by the Secretary of Homeland Security. (b) INVENTORY .—The inventory of facilities described in subsection (a) may include— (1) the location of such facilities; (2) the attributes and capabilities of such facilities (including the clearance level of the facility, the square footage of, the total capacity of, the number of workstations in, document storage, and the number of con-ference rooms in, such facilities); (3) the entities that operate such facilities; and (4) the date of establishment of such facili-ties. 
SEC. 1317. TERROR INMATE INFORMATION SHAR-ING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in coordination with the At-torney General and in consultation with other appropriate Federal officials, shall, as appropriate, share with the National Net-work of Fusion Centers through the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Fusion Center Partnership Initiative under section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h), as amended by this Act, as well as other relevant law enforcement entities, re-lease information from a Federal correc-tional facility, including the name, charging date, and expected place and date of release, of certain individuals who may pose a ter-rorist threat. (b) S
COPE.—The information shared under subsection (a) shall be— (1) for homeland security purposes; and (2) regarding individuals convicted of a Federal crime of terrorism (as defined in sec-tion 2332b of title 18, United States Code). (c) P
ERIODIC THREAT ASSESSMENTS .—Con- sistent with the protection of classified in-formation and controlled unclassified infor-mation, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall coordinate with appropriate Federal of-ficials to provide the National Network of Fusion Centers described in subsection (a) with periodic assessments regarding the overall threat from known or suspected ter-rorists currently incarcerated in a Federal correctional facility, including the assessed risks of such populations engaging in ter-rorist activity upon release. (d) P
RIVACY PROTECTIONS .—Prior to imple-menting subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall receive input and advice from the Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, the Officer for Privacy and the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as requiring the establishment of a list or registry of in-dividuals convicted of terrorism. (f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘fusion center’’ has the meaning given the term in section 210A(j) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)), as amended by this Act. 
SEC. 1318. ANNUAL REPORT ON OFFICE FOR STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCE-MENT. 
Section 2006(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) R
EPORT .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the activities of the Office for State and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00273 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3668 June 11, 2018 
Local Law Enforcement. Each such report shall include, for the fiscal year covered by the report, a description of each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Efforts to coordinate and share infor-mation regarding Department and compo-nent agency programs with State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(B) Efforts to improve information shar-ing through the Homeland Security Informa-tion Network by appropriate component agencies of the Department and by State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(C) The status of performance metrics within the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement to evaluate the effectiveness of efforts to carry out responsibilities set forth within this subsection. ‘‘(D) Any feedback from State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies about the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement, including the mechanisms utilized to collect such feedback. ‘‘(E) Efforts to carry out all other respon-sibilities of the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement.’’. 
SEC. 1319. ANNUAL CATALOG ON DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY TRAINING, PUBLICATIONS, PROGRAMS, AND SERVICES FOR STATE, LOCAL, TRIB-AL, AND TERRITORIAL LAW EN-FORCEMENT AGENCIES. 
Section 2006(b)(4) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607(b)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(G) produce an annual catalog that sum-marizes opportunities for training, publica-tions, programs, and services available to State, local, tribal, and territorial law en-forcement agencies from the Department and from each component and office within the Department and, not later than 30 days after the date of such production, dissemi-nate the catalog, including by— ‘‘(i) making such catalog available to State, local, tribal, and territorial law en-forcement agencies, including by posting the catalog on the website of the Department and cooperating with national organizations that represent such agencies; ‘‘(ii) making such catalog available through the Homeland Security Information Network; and ‘‘(iii) submitting such catalog to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(H) in coordination with appropriate com-ponents and offices of the Department and other Federal agencies, develop, maintain, and make available information on Federal resources intended to support fusion center access to Federal information and re-sources.’’. 
SEC. 1320. CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL, RADIO-LOGICAL, AND NUCLEAR INTEL-LIGENCE AND INFORMATION SHAR-ING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), as amended by subtitle A of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 210J. CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL, RADIO-LOGICAL, AND NUCLEAR INTEL-LIGENCE AND INFORMATION SHAR-ING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis of the Department shall— ‘‘(1) support homeland security-focused in-telligence analysis of terrorist actors, their claims, and their plans to conduct attacks involving chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear materials against the United States; ‘‘(2) support homeland security-focused in-telligence analysis of global infectious dis-ease, public health, food, agricultural, and veterinary issues; ‘‘(3) support homeland security-focused risk analysis and risk assessments of the homeland security hazards described in para-graphs (1) and (2), including the transpor-tation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials, by providing relevant quantitative and nonquantitative threat in-formation; ‘‘(4) leverage existing and emerging home-land security intelligence capabilities and structures to enhance prevention, protec-tion, response, and recovery efforts with re-spect to a chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear attack; ‘‘(5) share information and provide tailored analytical support on these threats to State, local, and tribal authorities, other Federal agencies, and relevant national biosecurity and biodefense stakeholders, as appropriate; and ‘‘(6) perform other responsibilities, as as-signed by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) COORDINATION .—Where appropriate, the Office of Intelligence and Analysis shall coordinate with other relevant Department components, including the Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction Office, the National Biosurveillance Integration Center, other agencies within the intelligence community, including the National Counter Proliferation Center, and other Federal, State, local, and tribal authorities, including officials from high-threat urban areas, State and major urban area fusion centers, and local public health departments, as appropriate, and en-able such entities to provide recommenda-tions on optimal information sharing mecha-nisms, including expeditious sharing of clas-sified information, and on how such entities can provide information to the Department. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) F
USION CENTER .—The term ‘fusion cen-ter’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 210A. ‘‘(2) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 401a(4)). ‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL BIOSECURITY AND BIODEFENSE  
STAKEHOLDERS .—The term ‘national biosecu-rity and biodefense stakeholders’ means offi-cials from Federal, State, local, and tribal authorities and individuals from the private sector who are involved in efforts to prevent, protect against, respond to, and recover from a biological attack or other phenomena that may have serious health consequences for the United States, including infectious dis-ease outbreaks.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by subtitle A of this title, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210I the following: ‘‘Sec. 210J. Chemical, biological, radio-logical, and nuclear intel-ligence and information shar-ing.’’. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall report to the appropriate con-gressional committees on— (A) the intelligence and information shar-ing activities under section 210I of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (as added by sub-section (a) of this section) and of all relevant entities within the Department of Homeland Security to counter the threat from attacks using chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear materials; and (B) the Department’s activities in accord-ance with relevant intelligence strategies. (2) ASSESSMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION .—The reports required under paragraph (1) shall in-clude— (A) an assessment of the progress of the Of-fice of Intelligence and Analysis of the De-partment of Homeland Security in imple-menting such section 210I; and (B) a description of the methods estab-lished to carry out such assessment. (3) T
ERMINATION .—This subsection shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (C) any other committee of the House of Representatives or the Senate having legis-lative jurisdiction under the rules of the House of Representatives or Senate, respec-tively, over the matter concerned. (d) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION ANA-
LYZED BY THE DEPARTMENT TO STATE , LOCAL , T
RIBAL , ANDPRIVATE ENTITIES WITHRESPON -
SIBILITIES RELATING TO HOMELAND SECU-
RITY.—Section 201(d)(8) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(d)(8)) is amended by striking ‘‘and to agencies of State’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘to State, local, and tribal governments and private en-tities with such responsibilities, and, as ap-propriate, to the public, in order to assist in preventing, deterring, or responding to acts of terrorism against the United States.’’. 
SEC. 1321. DUTY TO REPORT. 
(a) D UTY IMPOSED .—Except as provided in subsection (c), whenever an act of terrorism occurs in the United States, it shall be the duty of the primary Government agency in-vestigating such act to submit, in collabora-tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, the Attorney General, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and, as appropriate, the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, an unclassified re-port (which may be accompanied by a classi-fied annex) to Congress concerning such act not later than 1 year after the completion of the investigation. Reports required under this subsection may be combined into a quarterly report to Congress. (b) C
ONTENT OF REPORTS .—Each report under this section shall include— (1) a statement of the facts of the act of terrorism referred to in subsection (a), as known at the time of the report; (2) an explanation of any gaps in national security that could be addressed to prevent future acts of terrorism; (3) any recommendations for additional measures that could be taken to improve homeland security, including potential changes in law enforcement practices or changes in law, with particular attention to changes that could help prevent future acts of terrorism; and (4) a summary of the report for public dis-tribution. (c) E
XCEPTION .—The duty established under subsection (a) shall not apply in instances in which the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or the head of the National Counterterrorism Center de-termines that the information required to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00274 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3669 June 11, 2018 
reported could jeopardize an ongoing inves-tigation or prosecution. In such instances, the principal making such determination shall notify Congress of such determination before the first anniversary of the comple-tion of the investigation described in such subsection. (d) D
EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘act of terrorism’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3077 of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 1322. STRATEGY FOR INFORMATION SHAR-ING REGARDING NARCOTICS TRAF-FICKING IN INTERNATIONAL MAIL. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in co-ordination with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other Federal agencies, as appropriate, shall sub-mit to Congress a strategy to share counter-narcotics information related to inter-national mail, including information about best practices and known shippers of illegal narcotics, between— (1) Department of Homeland Security com-ponents; (2) the United States Postal Service; (3) express consignment operators; (4) peer-to-peer payment platforms; and (5) other appropriate stakeholders. 
SEC. 1323. CONSTITUTIONAL LIMITATIONS. 
All intelligence gathering and information sharing activities conducted by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security under this title or an amendment made by this title shall be carried out in accordance with the rights and protections afforded by the Constitution of the United States. TITLE IV—EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, RESPONSE, AND COMMUNICATIONS Subtitle A—Grants, Training, Exercises, and Coordination 
SEC. 1401. URBAN AREA SECURITY INITIATIVE. 
Section 2003 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2)(A), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, using the most up-to-date data available,’’ after ‘‘as-sessment’’; (2) in subsection (d)(2), by amending sub-paragraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) F
UNDS RETAINED .—To ensure trans-parency and avoid duplication, a State shall provide each relevant high-risk urban area with a detailed accounting of the items, services, or activities on which any funds re-tained by the State under subparagraph (A) are to be expended. Such accounting shall be provided not later than 90 days after the date on which such funds are retained.’’; and (3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(e) T
HREAT AND HAZARD IDENTIFICATION  R
ISKASSESSMENT AND CAPABILITY ASSESS -
MENT .—As a condition of receiving a grant under this section, each high-risk urban area shall submit to the Administrator a threat and hazard identification and risk assess-ment and capability assessment— ‘‘(1) at such time and in such form as is re-quired by the Administrator; and ‘‘(2) consistent with the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s Comprehensive Preparedness Guide 201, Second Edition, or such successor document or guidance as is issued by the Administrator. ‘‘(f) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Admin-istrator shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. 
SEC. 1402. STATE HOMELAND SECURITY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605) is amended by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(f) THREAT AND HAZARD IDENTIFICATION  
AND RISKASSESSMENT AND CAPABILITY AS-
SESSMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing a grant under this section, each State shall submit to the Administrator a threat and hazard identification and risk assess-ment and capability assessment— ‘‘(A) at such time and in such form as is re-quired by the Administrator; and ‘‘(B) consistent with the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s Comprehensive Preparedness Guide 201, Second Edition, or such successor document or guidance as is issued by the Administrator. ‘‘(2) C
OLLABORATION .—In developing the threat and hazard identification and risk as-sessment under paragraph (1), a State shall solicit input from local and tribal govern-ments, including first responders, and, as ap-propriate, nongovernmental and private sec-tor stakeholders. ‘‘(3) F
IRST RESPONDERS DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘first responders’— ‘‘(A) means an emergency response pro-vider; and ‘‘(B) includes representatives of local gov-ernmental and nongovernmental fire, law en-forcement, emergency management, and emergency medical personnel. ‘‘(g) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Admin-istrator shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. 
SEC. 1403. GRANTS TO DIRECTLY ELIGIBLE TRIBES. 
Section 2005 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 606) is amended by— (1) redesignating subsections (h) through (k) as subsections (i) through (l), respec-tively; and (2) inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(h) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. 
SEC. 1404. LAW ENFORCEMENT TERRORISM PRE-VENTION. 
(a) L AWENFORCEMENT TERRORISM PREVEN -
TION PROGRAM .—Section 2006(a) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘States and high-risk urban areas expend’’ after ‘‘that’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘is used’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-graph (I) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) activities as determined appropriate by the Administrator, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement within the Office of Part-nership and Engagement of the Department, through outreach to relevant stakeholder or-ganizations; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement, shall report annually from fiscal year 2018 through fiscal year 2022 on the use of grants under sections 2003 and 2004 for law enforcement terrorism prevention activities authorized under this section, including the percentage and dollar amount of funds used for such ac-tivities and the types of projects funded.’’. (b) O
FFICE FOR STATE AND LOCAL LAWEN-
FORCEMENT .—Section 2006(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Policy Di-rectorate’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Partner-ship and Engagement’’; and (2) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding through consultation with such agencies regarding Department programs that may impact such agencies’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘en-sure’’ and inserting ‘‘verify’’. SEC. 1405. PRIORITIZATION. 
Section 2007(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 608(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) its population, including consider-ation of domestic and international tourists, commuters, and military populations, in-cluding military populations residing in communities outside military installa-tions;’’; (B) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding threat information from other rel-evant Federal agencies and field offices, as appropriate’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (C) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘tar-get’’ and inserting ‘‘core’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘target’’ and inserting ‘‘core’’. 
SEC. 1406. ALLOWABLE USES. 
Section 2008 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘target’’ and inserting ‘‘core’’; (B) in paragraph (5), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, pro-vided such emergency communications align with the Statewide Communication Inter-operability Plan and are coordinated with the Statewide Interoperability Coordinator or Statewide interoperability governance body of the State of the recipient’’; (C) by striking paragraph (14); (D) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (13) as paragraphs (8) through (15), respectively; (E) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) enhancing medical preparedness, med-ical surge capacity, and mass prophylaxis ca-pabilities, including the development and maintenance of an initial pharmaceutical stockpile, including medical kits and diagnostics sufficient to protect first re-sponders (as defined in section 2004(f)), their families, immediate victims, and vulnerable populations from a chemical or biological event; ‘‘(7) enhancing cybersecurity, including preparing for and responding to cybersecu-rity risks and incidents (as such terms are defined in section 2209) and developing state-wide cyber threat information analysis and dissemination activities;’’; (F) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Homeland Security Advisory Sys-tem’’ and inserting ‘‘National Terrorism Ad-visory System’’; (G) in paragraph (14), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘5’’; and (ii) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (H) in paragraph (15), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘(a)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(12)’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘tar-get’’ and inserting ‘‘core’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘target’’ and inserting ‘‘core’’. 
SEC. 1407. APPROVAL OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2008 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609) is amended— (1) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking ‘‘If an applicant’’ and in-serting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00275 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3670 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(1) A PPLICATION REQUIREMENT .—If an ap- plicant’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW PROCESS .—The Administrator shall implement a uniform process for re-viewing applications that, in accordance with paragraph (1), contain explanations for a proposal to use grants provided under sec-tion 2003 or 2004 to purchase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any ap-plicable national voluntary consensus stand-ards developed under section 647 of the Post- Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 747). ‘‘(3) F
ACTORS .—In carrying out the review process under paragraph (2), the Adminis-trator shall consider the following: ‘‘(A) Current or past use of proposed equip-ment or systems by Federal agencies or the Armed Forces. ‘‘(B) The absence of a national voluntary consensus standard for such equipment or systems. ‘‘(C) The existence of an international con-sensus standard for such equipment or sys-tems, and whether such equipment or sys-tems meets such standard. ‘‘(D) The nature of the capability gap iden-tified by the applicant, and how such equip-ment or systems will address such gap. ‘‘(E) The degree to which such equipment or systems will serve the needs of the appli-cant better than equipment or systems that meet or exceed existing consensus standards. ‘‘(F) Any other factor determined appro-priate by the Administrator.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) R
EVIEW PROCESS .—The Administrator shall implement a uniform process for re-viewing applications to use grants provided under section 2003 or 2004 to purchase equip-ment or systems not included on the Author-ized Equipment List maintained by the Ad-ministrator.’’. (b) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate a report assess-ing the implementation of the review process established under paragraph (2) of subsection (f) of section 2008 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a) of this section), including information on the fol-lowing: (1) The number of requests to purchase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any applicable national voluntary consensus standard evaluated under such re-view process. (2) The capability gaps identified by appli-cants and the number of such requests grant-ed or denied. (3) The processing time for the review of such requests. 
SEC. 1408. AUTHORITY FOR EXPLOSIVE ORD-NANCE DISPOSAL UNITS TO AC-QUIRE NEW OR EMERGING TECH-NOLOGIES AND CAPABILITIES. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security may authorize an explosive ordnance disposal unit to acquire new or emerging technologies and capabilities that are not specifically pro-vided for in the authorized equipment allow-ance for the unit, as such allowance is set forth in the Authorized Equipment List maintained by the Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency. 
SEC. 1409. MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 611 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 2024. MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING WITH DEPARTMENTAL COMPO-NENTS AND OFFICES REGARDING THE POLICY AND GUIDANCE. 
‘‘The Administrator shall enter into memoranda of understanding with the heads of the following departmental components and offices delineating the roles and respon-sibilities of such components and offices re-garding the policy and guidance for grants under section 1406 of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1135), sections 2003 and 2004 of this Act, and section 70107 of title 46, United States Code, as appropriate: ‘‘(1) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(2) The Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration. ‘‘(3) The Commandant of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(4) The Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis. ‘‘(5) The Assistant Director for Emergency Communications. ‘‘(6) The Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement. ‘‘(7) The Countering Violent Extremism Coordinator. ‘‘(8) The Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties. ‘‘(9) The Chief Medical Officer. ‘‘(10) The heads of other components or of-fices of the Department, as determined by the Secretary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2023 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 2024. Memoranda of understanding with departmental components and offices regarding the policy and guidance.’’. 
SEC. 1410. GRANTS METRICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To determine the extent to which grants under sections 2003 and 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603, 604) have closed capability gaps identified in State Preparedness Reports re-quired under subsection (c) of section 652 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 752; title VI of the Department of Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act, 2007; Public Law 109–295) and Threat and Hazard Identification and Risk Assessments required under subsections (e) and (f) of such sections 2003 and 2004, re-spectively, as added by this Act, from each State and high-risk urban area, the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency shall conduct and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate an assessment of information provided in those reports and assessments. (b) A
SSESSMENT REQUIREMENTS .—The as- sessment required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a comparison of successive State Pre-paredness Reports and Threat and Hazard Identification and Risk Assessments that ag-gregates results across the States and high- risk urban areas; and (2) an assessment of the value and useful-ness of State Preparedness Reports and Threat and Hazard Identification and Risk Assessments, including— (A) the degree to which such reports and assessments are data-driven and empirically supported; (B) the degree to which such reports and assessments have informed grant award deci-sions by the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency; (C) the degree to which grant award deci-sions by the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency have demonstrably reduced the risks identified in such reports and assess-ments; (D) the degree to which such reports and assessments align with Federal risk assess-ments, including counterterrorism risk as-sessments, and the degree to which grant award decisions by the Federal Emergency Management Agency have reduced those fed-erally identified risks; (E) the degree to which capability gaps identified in such reports and assessments have been mitigated; and (F) options for improving State Prepared-ness Reports and Threat and Hazard Identi-fication and Risk Assessments so that they better inform and align with grant award de-cisions by the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency. (c) INSPECTOR GENERAL EVALUATION .—The Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report evaluating the assessment conducted by the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1411. GRANT MANAGEMENT BEST PRAC-TICES. 
The Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency shall include on the website of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency the following: (1) A summary of findings identified by the Office of the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security in audits of grants under sections 2003 and 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603, 604) and methods to address areas identified for improvement, including opportunities for technical assistance. (2) Innovative projects and best practices instituted by grant recipients. 
SEC. 1412. PROHIBITION ON CONSOLIDATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may not implement the Na-tional Preparedness Grant Program or any successor consolidated grant program unless the Secretary receives prior authorization from Congress permitting such implementa-tion. (b) S
TUDY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall conduct a study of consolidating preparedness grant pro-grams to— (1) determine if the consolidated grant pro-gram would be more efficient, effective, and cost effective; and (2) assess whether the responsibility for managing the preparedness grant programs should be relocated within the Department of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 1413. MAINTENANCE OF GRANT INVEST-MENTS. 
Section 2008 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609), as amended by section 1407, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(h) M
AINTENANCE OF EQUIPMENT .—Any ap- plicant for a grant under section 2003 or 2004 seeking to use funds to purchase equipment, including pursuant to paragraphs (3), (4), (5), or (12) of subsection (a) of this section, shall by the time of the receipt of such grant de-velop a plan for the maintenance of such equipment over its life-cycle that includes information identifying which entity is re-sponsible for such maintenance.’’. 
SEC. 1414. TRANSIT SECURITY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 1406 of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1135) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00276 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3671 June 11, 2018 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by inserting ‘‘and costs associated with filling the posi-tions of employees receiving training during their absence’’ after ‘‘security training’’; and (2) by striking subsection (m) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(m) P
ERIODS OF PERFORMANCE .—Funds provided pursuant to a grant awarded under this section for a use specified in subsection (b) shall remain available for use by a grant recipient for a period of not fewer than 36 months.’’. 
SEC. 1415. PORT SECURITY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 70107 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by— (1) striking subsection (l); (2) redesignating subsection (m) as sub-section (l); and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(m) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. 
SEC. 1416. CYBER PREPAREDNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2209 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by section 1601(g), is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (5)(B), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding the National Network of Fusion Cen-ters (as defined in section 210A), as appro-priate’’ before the semicolon at the end; (B) in paragraph (7), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘infor-mation and recommendations’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘information, rec-ommendations, and best practices’’; and (C) in paragraph (9), by inserting ‘‘best practices,’’ after ‘‘defensive measures,’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(1)(B)(ii), by inserting ‘‘and State, local, and regional fusion cen-ters (as defined in section 201A), as appro-priate’’ before the semicolon at the end. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that to facilitate the timely dis-semination to appropriate State, local, and private sector stakeholders of homeland se-curity information related to cyber threats, the Secretary of Homeland Security should, to the greatest extent practicable, work to share actionable information in an unclassi-fied form related to such threats. 
SEC. 1417. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2009. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be known as ‘Operation Stonegarden’. Under such pro-gram, the Secretary, acting through the Ad-ministrator, shall make grants to eligible law enforcement agencies, through the State Administrative Agency, to enhance border security in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a law enforcement agency shall— ‘‘(1) be located in— ‘‘(A) a State bordering either Canada or Mexico; or ‘‘(B) a State or territory with a maritime border; and ‘‘(2) be involved in an active, ongoing U.S. Customs and Border Protection operation co-ordinated through a sector office. ‘‘(c) P
ERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant for any of the following: ‘‘(1) Equipment, including maintenance and sustainment costs. ‘‘(2) Personnel costs, including overtime and backfill, directly incurred in support of enhanced border law enforcement activities. ‘‘(3) Any activity permitted for Operation Stonegarden under the Department of Home-land Security’s Fiscal Year 2016 Homeland Security Grant Program Notice of Funding Opportunity. ‘‘(4) Any other appropriate activity, as de-termined by the Administrator, in consulta-tion with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(d) PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months. ‘‘(e) C
OLLECTION OF INFORMATION .—For any fiscal year beginning on or after the date that is 30 days after the date of enactment of this section for which grants are made under Operation Stonegarden, the Administrator shall separately collect and maintain finan-cial information with respect to grants awarded under Operation Stonegarden, which shall include— ‘‘(1) the amount of the awards; ‘‘(2) the amount obligated for the awards; ‘‘(3) the amount of outlays under the awards; ‘‘(4) financial plans with respect to the use of the awards; ‘‘(5) any funding transfers or reallocations; and ‘‘(6) any adjustments to spending plans or reprogramming. ‘‘(f) O
VERSIGHT BY THE ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish and implement guidelines— ‘‘(A) to ensure that amounts made avail-able under Operation Stonegarden are used in accordance with grant guidance and Fed-eral laws; ‘‘(B) to improve program performance re-porting and program performance measure-ments to facilitate designing, implementing, and enforcing procedures under Operation Stonegarden; and ‘‘(C) that require the recording of stand-ardized performance data regarding program output. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate the guide-lines established under paragraph (1). ‘‘(g) F
INANCIAL REVIEW GUIDELINES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, shall de-velop and implement guidelines establishing procedures for implementing the auditing and reporting requirements under section 2022 with respect to Operation Stonegarden. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate the guide-lines established under paragraph (1). ‘‘(h) R
EPORT AND BRIEFING .—The Adminis-trator, in coordination with the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, shall, at least annually during each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report and briefing including— ‘‘(1) for the period covered by the report— ‘‘(A) information on how each recipient of a grant under Operation Stonegarden ex-pended amounts received under the grant; ‘‘(B) a list of all operations carried out using amounts made available under Oper-ation Stonegarden; and ‘‘(C) for each operation described in sub-paragraph (B)— ‘‘(i) whether the operation is active or completed; ‘‘(ii) the targeted purpose of the operation; ‘‘(iii) the location of the operation; and ‘‘(iv) the total number of hours worked by employees of the grant recipient and by em-ployees of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion with respect to the operation, including the number of hours for which such employ-ees received basic pay and the number of hours for which such employees received pre-mium pay, by type of premium pay; and ‘‘(2) in the first report submitted under this subsection— ‘‘(A) an examination of the effects chang-ing the Operation Stonegarden Program to award multi-year grants would have on the mission of the program; and ‘‘(B) the findings and recommendations of the Administrator regarding what changes could improve the program to better serve the program mission, which may include feedback from grant recipients.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2008 the following: ‘‘Sec. 2009. Operation Stonegarden.’’. 
SEC. 1418. NON-PROFIT SECURITY GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), as amended by section 1417 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2010. NON-PROFIT SECURITY GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be known as the ‘Non-Profit Security Grant Program’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Program’). Under the Program, the Secretary, acting through the Administrator, shall make grants to eligible nonprofit organizations de-scribed in subsection (b), through the State in which such organizations are located, for target hardening and other security en-hancements to protect against terrorist at-tacks. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—Eligible non-profit organizations described in this sub-section (a) are organizations that are— ‘‘(1) described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; and ‘‘(2) determined to be at risk of a terrorist attack by the Administrator. ‘‘(c) P
ERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant for any of the following: ‘‘(1) Target hardening activities, including physical security enhancement equipment and inspection and screening systems. ‘‘(2) Fees for security training relating to physical security and cybersecurity, target hardening, terrorism awareness, and em-ployee awareness. ‘‘(3) Any other appropriate activity related to security or security training, as deter-mined by the Administrator. ‘‘(d) A
LLOCATION .—The Administrator shall ensure that not less than an amount equal to 30 percent of the total funds appropriated for grants under the Program for each fiscal year is used for grants to eligible nonprofit organizations described in subsection (b) that are located in jurisdictions not receiv-ing funding under section 2003. ‘‘(e) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Admin-istrator shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00277 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3672 June 11, 2018 
of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (a) of section 2002 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 2003 and 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 2003, 2004, and 2010’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1417(b), is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2009 the following: ‘‘Sec. 2010. Non-Profit Security Grant Pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 1419. STUDY OF THE USE OF GRANT FUNDS FOR CYBERSECURITY. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall conduct a study on the use of grant funds awarded pur-suant to section 2003 and section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604, 605), including information on the following: (1) The amount of grant funds invested or obligated annually during fiscal years 2006 through 2016 to support efforts to prepare for and respond to cybersecurity risks and inci-dents (as such terms are defined in section 2209 of such Act, as so redesignated by sec-tion 1601(g) of this Act). (2) The degree to which grantees identify cybersecurity as a capability gap in the Threat and Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment required under subsections (e) and (f) of sections 2003 and 2004 of such Act (6 U.S.C. 604, 605), as added by this Act. (3) Obstacles and challenges related to using grant funds to improve cybersecurity. (4) Plans for future efforts to encourage grantees to use grant funds to improve cy-bersecurity capabilities. 
SEC. 1420. JOINT COUNTERTERRORISM AWARE-NESS WORKSHOP SERIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 529. JOINT COUNTERTERRORISM AWARE-NESS WORKSHOP SERIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Director of the Na-tional Counterterrorism Center and the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, shall establish a Joint Counterter-rorism Awareness Workshop Series (in this section referred to as the ‘Workshop Series’) to— ‘‘(1) address emerging terrorist threats; and ‘‘(2) enhance the ability of State and local jurisdictions to prevent, protect against, re-spond to, and recover from terrorist attacks. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The Workshop Series estab-lished under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) reviewing existing preparedness, re-sponse, and interdiction plans, policies, and procedures related to terrorist attacks of the participating jurisdictions and identifying gaps in those plans, operational capabilities, response resources, and authorities; ‘‘(2) identifying Federal, State, and local resources available to address the gaps iden-tified under paragraph (1); ‘‘(3) providing assistance, through training, exercises, and other means, to build or sus-tain, as appropriate, the capabilities to close those identified gaps; ‘‘(4) examining the roles and responsibil-ities of participating agencies and respective communities in the event of a terrorist at-tack; ‘‘(5) improving situational awareness and information sharing among all participating agencies in the event of a terrorist attack; and ‘‘(6) identifying and sharing best practices and lessons learned from the Workshop Se-ries. ‘‘(c) DESIGNATION OF PARTICIPATING CIT-
IES.—The Administrator shall select jurisdic-tions to host a Workshop Series from those cities that— ‘‘(1) are currently receiving, or that pre-viously received, funding under section 2003; and ‘‘(2) have requested to be considered. ‘‘(d) W
ORKSHOP SERIES PARTICIPANTS .—In- dividuals from State and local jurisdictions and emergency response providers in cities designated under subsection (c) shall be eli-gible to participate in the Workshop Series, including— ‘‘(1) senior elected and appointed officials; ‘‘(2) law enforcement; ‘‘(3) fire and rescue; ‘‘(4) emergency management; ‘‘(5) emergency medical services; ‘‘(6) public health officials; ‘‘(7) private sector representatives; ‘‘(8) representatives of nonprofit organiza-tions; and ‘‘(9) other participants as deemed appro-priate by the Administrator. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) W
ORKSHOP SERIES REPORT .—The Ad- ministrator, in consultation with the Direc-tor of the National Counterterrorism Center, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, and officials from the city in which a Workshop Series is held, shall develop and submit to all of the agencies participating in the Workshop Series a report after the con-clusion of the Workshop Series that address-es— ‘‘(A) key findings about lessons learned and best practices from the Workshop Series; and ‘‘(B) potential mitigation strategies and resources to address gaps identified during the Workshop Series. ‘‘(2) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion and annually thereafter for 5 years, the Administrator, in consultation with the Di-rector of the National Counterterrorism Cen-ter and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a comprehensive summary report of the key themes, lessons learned, and best practices identified during the Workshop Series held during the previous year. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out this sec-tion.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 528 the following: ‘‘Sec. 529. Joint Counterterrorism Aware-ness Workshop Series.’’. 
SEC. 1421. EXERCISE ON TERRORIST AND FOR-EIGN FIGHTER TRAVEL; NATIONAL EXERCISE PROGRAM. 
(a) E XERCISE ON TERRORIST AND FOREIGN  F
IGHTER TRAVEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to, or as part of, exercise programs carried out by the De-partment of Homeland Security as of the date of enactment of this Act, to enhance do-mestic preparedness for and collective re-sponse to terrorism, promote the dissemina-tion of homeland security information, and test the security posture of the United States, the Secretary of Homeland Security, through appropriate offices and components of the Department of Homeland Security and in coordination with the relevant Federal de-partments and agencies, shall, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, develop and conduct an exercise related to the terrorist and foreign fighter threat. (2) EXERCISE REQUIREMENTS .—The exercise required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a scenario involving— (i) persons traveling from the United States to join or provide material support or resources to a terrorist organization abroad; and (ii) terrorist infiltration into the United States, including United States citizens and foreign nationals; and (B) coordination with relevant Federal de-partments and agencies, foreign govern-ments, and State, local, tribal, territorial, and private sector stakeholders. (3) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the completion of the exercise required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Home-land Security shall, consistent with the pro-tection of classified information, submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives an after-action re-port presenting the initial findings of the ex-ercise, including any identified or potential vulnerabilities in United States defenses and any legislative changes requested in light of the findings. (B) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-paragraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. (b) E
MERGING THREATS IN THE NATIONAL  E
XERCISE PROGRAM .—Section 648(b)(2)(A) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 748(b)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding after clause (vi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vii) designed, to the extent practicable, to include exercises addressing emerging ter-rorist threats, such as scenarios involving United States citizens departing the United States to enlist with or provide material support or resources to terrorist organiza-tions abroad or terrorist infiltration into the United States, including United States citi-zens and foreign nationals; and’’. (c) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this section and the amendments made by this section. The re-quirements of this section and the amend-ments made by this section shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
SEC. 1422. GRANTS ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Section 2022 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6. U.S.C. 612) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Department’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Department’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—With re- spect to each grant awarded, the Inspector General of the Department may— ‘‘(I) examine any records of the contractor or grantee, any of its subcontractors or sub-grantees, or any State or local agency or other entity in receipt of or administering any grant awarded, that pertain to, and in-volve transactions relating to the contract, subcontract, grant, or subgrant; and ‘‘(II) interview any officer or employee of the contractor or grantee, any of its sub-contractors or subgrantees, or any State or local agency or other entity in receipt of or administering any grant awarded, regarding transactions relating to the contract, sub-contract, grant, or subgrant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00278 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3673 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(iii) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in clause (ii) may be construed to limit or re-strict the authority of the Inspector General of the Department.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘a grant under section 2003 or 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘a covered grant, any recipient, including’’; (II) by inserting a comma after ‘‘tribe’’; and (III) by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary, as ap-propriate under the covered grant,’’ after ‘‘Administrator’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘recipient, including any’’ after ‘‘for the applicable’’; (II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘section 2003 or 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘the covered grant’’; (III) in clause (ii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 2003 or 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘the covered grant’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (IV) in clause (iii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘summary’’ and inserting ‘‘detailed’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘such funds’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘such funds, includ-ing— ‘‘(I) the name of the recipient and the project or activity; ‘‘(II) a detailed description of the project or activity; ‘‘(III) an evaluation of the completion sta-tus of the project or activity; ‘‘(IV) in the case of an infrastructure in-vestment— ‘‘(aa) the purpose, total expected cost, and rationale for funding the infrastructure in-vestment with funds made available; and ‘‘(bb) the name of the point of contact for the recipient if there are questions con-cerning the infrastructure investment; and ‘‘(V) detailed information from each sub-grantee, including the information described in subparagraphs (I) through (IV), on any subgrant awarded by the recipient; and’’; and (V) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) the total amount of funds received to date under each covered grant.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) by a’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) by any re-cipient, including any’’; (bb) by inserting a comma after ‘‘tribe’’; and (cc) by inserting ‘‘, in addition to the con-tents required under subparagraph (B)’’ after ‘‘shall include’’; (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘total’’ before ‘‘amount’’; and (bb) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in clause (iii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘apply within’’ and insert-ing ‘‘apply to or within any recipient, includ-ing’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-riod; and (IV) by striking clause (iv); and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED REPORTING FOR PRIOR AWARD -
ED GRANTS .—Not later than 180 days after the end of the quarter following the date of en-actment of this paragraph, each recipient of a covered grant awarded before the date of enactment of this paragraph shall provide the information required under this sub-section and thereafter comply with the re-quirements of this subsection. ‘‘(4) A
SSISTANCE IN REPORTING .—The Ad- ministrator or the Secretary, as appropriate under the covered grant, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, shall provide for user- friendly means for grant recipients to com-ply with the reporting requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(5) SUBGRANTEE REPORTING .—Each grant recipient required to report information under paragraph (1)(B)(iii)(V) shall register with the System for Award Management database or complete other registration re-quirements as determined necessary by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(6) P
UBLICATION OF INFORMATION .—Not later than 7 days after the date on which the Administrator or the Secretary, as the case may be, receives the reports required to be submitted under this subsection, the Admin-istrator and the Secretary shall make the in-formation in the reports publicly available, in a searchable database, on the website of the Federal Emergency Management Agency or Department, as appropriate. ‘‘(7) C
OVERED GRANT DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘covered grant’ means a grant awarded under— ‘‘(A) this Act; or ‘‘(B) a program described in paragraphs (1) through (6) of section 2002(b) that is adminis-tered by the Department.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
UNSET AND DISPOSITION OF UNEX-
PENDED GRANT AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as may be other-wise provided in the authorizing statute of a grant program, effective on the date that is 5 years after the date on which grant funds are distributed by the Administrator or the Secretary, as appropriate, under a covered grant (as defined in subsection (b)(7)), the au-thority of a covered grant recipient, includ-ing any grantee or subgrantee, to obligate, provide, make available, or otherwise expend those funds is terminated. ‘‘(2) R
ETURN OF UNEXPENDED GRANT  
AMOUNTS .—Upon the termination of author-ity under paragraph (1), any grant amounts that have not been expended shall be re-turned to the Administrator or the Sec-retary, as the case may be. The Adminis-trator or the Secretary, as the case may be, shall deposit any grant amounts returned under this paragraph in the General Fund of the Treasury in accordance with section 3302 of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(3) A
WARDS TO RECIPIENTS RETURNING  
GRANT FUNDS .—On and after the date on which the authority of a covered grant re-cipient is terminated under paragraph (1) with respect to a grant under a covered grant program, the Administrator or the Sec-retary, as appropriate, may award a grant under the covered grant program to the cov-ered grant recipient, only pursuant to the submission of a new grant application, in ac-cordance with the requirements of the grant program. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY .—This subsection shall apply to any grant awarded under a covered grant program on or after the date of enact-ment of this subsection.’’. Subtitle B—Communications 
SEC. 1431. RESPONSIBILITIES OF ASSISTANT DI-RECTOR FOR EMERGENCY COMMU-NICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1801(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 571(c)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (3); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (14) as paragraphs (3) through (13), respec-tively; (3) by redesignating paragraph (15) as para-graph (16); (4) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘, in cooperation with the National Communications System,’’; (5) in paragraph (11), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Grants and Training’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy’’; (6) in paragraph (13), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (7) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(14) administer the Government Emer-gency Telecommunications Service (GETS) and Wireless Priority Service (WPS) pro-grams, or successor programs; ‘‘(15) assess the impact of emerging tech-nologies on interoperable emergency com-munications; and’’. (b) PERFORMANCE OF PREVIOUSLY TRANS -
FERRED FUNCTIONS .—Section 1801(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 571(d)) is amended by— (1) striking paragraph (2); and (2) redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). 
SEC. 1432. ANNUAL REPORTING ON ACTIVITIES OF THE EMERGENCY COMMUNICA-TIONS DIVISION. 
Section 1801(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 571(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORTING OF DIVISION ACTIVI -
TIES.—The Assistant Director for Emergency Communications shall, not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this sub-section and annually thereafter for each of the next 4 years, report to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate on the activities and programs of the Emergency Communications Division, including specific information on efforts to carry out paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) of sub-section (c).’’. 
SEC. 1433. NATIONAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICA-TIONS PLAN. 
Section 1802 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 572) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘, and in cooperation with the Department of National Communications System (as appropriate),’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, but not less than once every 5 years,’’ after ‘‘periodically’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (10) as paragraphs (4) through (11), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) consider the impact of emerging tech-nologies on the attainment of interoperable emergency communications;’’. 
SEC. 1434. TECHNICAL EDIT. 
Section 1804(b)(1) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 574(b)(1)) is amend-ed, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Grants and Planning’’ and inserting ‘‘Admin-istrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency’’. 
SEC. 1435. COMMUNICATIONS TRAINING. 
The Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with the appropriate component heads, shall develop a mechanism, consistent with the strategy required pursuant to sec-tion 4 of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Interoperable Communications Act (Public Law 114–29; 6 U.S.C. 194 note), to verify that radio users within the Depart-ment receive initial and ongoing training on the use of the radio systems of such compo-nents, including interagency radio use proto-cols. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00279 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3674 June 11, 2018 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 1451. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE V.—Title V of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended as follows: (1) In section 501 (6 U.S.C. 311)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (14) as paragraphs (10) through (15), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(9) the term ‘Nuclear Incident Response Team’ means a resource that includes— ‘‘(A) those entities of the Department of Energy that perform nuclear or radiological emergency support functions (including acci-dent response, search response, advisory, and technical operations functions), radiation exposure functions at the medical assistance facility known as the Radiation Emergency Assistance Center/Training Site (REAC/TS), radiological assistance functions, and re-lated functions; and ‘‘(B) those entities of the Environmental Protection Agency that perform such sup-port functions (including radiological emer-gency response functions) and related func-tions.’’. (2) By striking section 502 (6 U.S.C. 312). (3) In section 504(a)(3)(B) (6 U.S.C. 314(a)(3)(B)), by striking ‘‘, the National Dis-aster Medical System,’’. (4) In section 506 (6 U.S.C. 316)— (A) by striking subsection (b); (B) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c) respectively; and (C) in subsection (b), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 708’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 707’’. (5) In section 509(c)(2) (6 U.S.C. 319(c)(2)), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 708’’ and inserting ‘‘section 707’’. (b) T
ITLE XX.—Title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2001 (6 U.S.C. 601)— (A) by striking paragraph (13); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (12) as paragraphs (4) through (13), respectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) C
ORE CAPABILITIES .—The term ‘core ca-pabilities’ means the capabilities for Fed-eral, State, local, and tribal government pre-paredness for which guidelines are required to be established under section 646(a) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Re-form Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 746(a)).’’; (2) in subsection (k)(1) of section 2005 (6 U.S.C. 606), as so redesignated by section 1403, by striking ‘‘target’’ and inserting ‘‘core’’; and (3) in section 2021(d)(3) (6 U.S.C. 611(d)(3)), by striking ‘‘target’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘core’’. (c) I
MPLEMENTING RECOMMENDATIONS OF  
THE 9/11 C OMMISSION ACT OF 2007.—Section 1204 of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1102) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘Res-cue’’ and inserting ‘‘Recovery’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘Res-cue’’ and inserting ‘‘Recovery’’. TITLE V—FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY 
SEC. 1501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘FEMA Re-authorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1502. REAUTHORIZATION OF FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGEN-CY. 
Section 699 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 811) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘administration and oper-ations’’ each place the term appears and in-serting ‘‘management and administration’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) for fiscal year 2018, $1,049,000,000; ‘‘(5) for fiscal year 2019, $1,065,784,000; and ‘‘(6) for fiscal year 2020, $1,082,836,544.’’. SEC. 1503. NATIONAL DOMESTIC PREPAREDNESS CONSORTIUM. 
Section 1204 of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1102) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘to the extent practicable, provide training in set-tings that simulate real response environ-ments, such as urban areas,’’ after ‘‘levels,’’; (2) in subsection (d), by striking para-graphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) for the Center for Domestic Prepared-ness— ‘‘(A) $63,939,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(B) $64,962,024 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(C) $66,001,416 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(2) for the members of the National Do-mestic Preparedness Consortium described in paragraphs (2) through (7) of subsection (b)— ‘‘(A) $101,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(B) $102,606,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(C) $104,247,856 for fiscal year 2020.’’; and (3) in subsection (e)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘each of the following enti-ties’’ and inserting ‘‘members of the Na-tional Domestic Preparedness Consortium enumerated in subsection (b)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2007—’’ and inserting ‘‘2015.’’ and (B) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5). 
SEC. 1504. RURAL DOMESTIC PREPAREDNESS CONSORTIUM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security is authorized to establish a Rural Domestic Preparedness Consortium within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity consisting of universities and nonprofit organizations qualified to provide training to emergency response providers (as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101)) from rural communities (as defined by the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency). (b) D
UTIES .—The Rural Domestic Prepared-ness Consortium authorized under subsection (a) shall identify, develop, test, and deliver training to State, local, and tribal emer-gency response providers from rural commu-nities, provide on-site and mobile training, and facilitate the delivery of training by the training partners of the Department of Homeland Security. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Of amounts appropriated for Continuing Train-ing Grants of the Department of Homeland Security, $5,000,000 is authorized to be used for the Rural Domestic Preparedness Consor-tium authorized under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1505. CENTER FOR FAITH-BASED AND NEIGHBORHOOD PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.), as amended by section 1420 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 530. CENTER FOR FAITH-BASED AND NEIGHBORHOOD PARTNERSHIPS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established in the Agency a Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, headed by a Di-rector appointed by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Center shall be to develop and coordinate depart-mental outreach efforts with faith-based and community organizations and serve as a liai-son between those organizations and compo-nents of the Department for activities re-lated to securing facilities, emergency pre-paredness and response, and combating human trafficking. ‘‘(c) RESPONSIBILITIES .—In support of the mission of the Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, the Director shall— ‘‘(1) develop exercises that engage faith- based and community organizations to test capabilities for all hazards, including active shooter incidents; ‘‘(2) coordinate the delivery of guidance and training to faith-based and community organizations related to securing their facili-ties against natural disasters, acts of ter-rorism, and other man-made disasters; ‘‘(3) conduct outreach to faith-based and community organizations regarding guid-ance, training, and exercises and depart-mental capabilities available to assist faith- based and community organizations to se-cure their facilities against natural disas-ters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters; ‘‘(4) facilitate engagement and coordina-tion among the emergency management community and faith-based and community organizations; ‘‘(5) deliver training and technical assist-ance to faith-based and community organiza-tions and provide subject-matter expertise related to anti-human trafficking efforts to help communities successfully partner with other components of the Blue Campaign of the Department; and ‘‘(6) perform any other duties as assigned by the Administrator.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1420, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 529 the following: ‘‘Sec. 530. Center For Faith-Based And Neighborhood Partnerships.’’. 
SEC. 1506. EMERGENCY SUPPORT FUNCTIONS. 
(a) U PDATE .—Paragraph (14) of section 504(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 314(a)), as so redesignated by section 1520, is amended by inserting ‘‘, periodically updating (but not less often than once every 5 years),’’ after ‘‘administering’’. (b) E
MERGENCY SUPPORT FUNCTIONS .—Sec- tion 653 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Man-agement Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 753) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION .—The President, acting through the Administrator, shall develop and provide to Federal departments and agencies with coordinating, primary, or sup-porting responsibilities under the National Response Framework performance metrics to ensure readiness to execute responsibil-ities under the emergency support functions of the National Response Framework.’’. 
SEC. 1507. REVIEW OF NATIONAL INCIDENT MAN-AGEMENT SYSTEM. 
Section 509(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 319(b)(2)) is amended, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, but not less often than once every 5 years,’’ after ‘‘periodically’’. 
SEC. 1508. REMEDIAL ACTION MANAGEMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 650 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 750) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 650. REMEDIAL ACTION MANAGEMENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, in coordination with the National Council on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00280 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3675 June 11, 2018 
Disability and the National Advisory Coun-cil, shall establish a remedial action man-agement program to— ‘‘(1) analyze training, exercises, and real world events to identify lessons learned, cor-rective actions, and best practices; ‘‘(2) generate and disseminate, as appro-priate, the lessons learned, corrective ac-tions, and best practices described in para-graph (1); and ‘‘(3) conduct remedial action tracking and long-term trend analysis. ‘‘(b) F
EDERAL CORRECTIVE ACTIONS .—The Administrator, in coordination with the heads of appropriate Federal departments and agencies, shall— ‘‘(1) utilize the program established under subsection (a) to collect information on cor-rective actions identified by such Federal de-partments and agencies during exercises and the response to natural disasters, acts of ter-rorism, and other man-made disasters; and ‘‘(2) not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the FEMA Reauthorization Act of 2018 and annually thereafter for each of the next 4 years, submit to Congress a re-port on the status of those corrective ac-tions. ‘‘(c) D
ISSEMINATION OF AFTER ACTION RE-
PORTS .—The Administrator shall provide electronically, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, to Congress and Federal, State, local, tribal, and private sector officials after-action reports and information on les-sons learned and best practices from re-sponses to acts of terrorism, natural disas-ters, capstone exercises conducted under the national exercise program under section 648(b), and other emergencies or exercises.’’. 
SEC. 1509. CENTER FOR DOMESTIC PREPARED-NESS. 
The Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency shall— (1) develop an implementation plan, in-cluding benchmarks and milestones, to ad-dress the findings and recommendations of the 2017 Management Review Team that issued a report on May 8, 2017, regarding live agent training at the Chemical, Ordnance, Biological and Radiological Training Facil-ity; and (2) provide to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate updates and information on efforts to implement recommendations related to the management review of the Chemical, Ordnance, Biological, and Radio-logical Training Facility of the Center for Domestic Preparedness of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, including, as necessary, information on additional re-sources or authority needed to implement such recommendations. 
SEC. 1510. FEMA SENIOR LAW ENFORCEMENT AD-VISOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.), as amended by section 1505 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 531. SENIOR LAW ENFORCEMENT ADVISOR. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall appoint a Senior Law Enforcement Ad-visor to serve as a qualified expert to the Ad-ministrator for the purpose of strengthening the Agency’s coordination among State, local, and tribal law enforcement. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Senior Law En-forcement Advisor shall have an appropriate background with experience in law enforce-ment, information sharing, and other emer-gency response functions. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Senior Law Enforcement Advisor shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate on behalf of the Adminis-trator with the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement under section 2006 for the purpose of ensuring State, local, and tribal law enforcement receive consistent and ap-propriate consideration in policies, guidance, training, and exercises related to preventing, preparing for, protecting against, and re-sponding to natural disasters, acts of ter-rorism, and other man-made disasters within the United States; ‘‘(2) work with the Administrator and the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement under section 2006 to ensure grants to State, local, and tribal government agencies, in-cluding programs under sections 2003, 2004, and 2006(a), appropriately focus on terrorism prevention activities; and ‘‘(3) serve other appropriate functions as determined by the Administrator.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1505, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 530 the following: ‘‘Sec. 531. Senior Law Enforcement Advi-sor.’’. 
SEC. 1511. TECHNICAL EXPERT AUTHORIZED. 
Section 503(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 313(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) identify and integrate the needs of children into activities to prepare for, pro-tect against, respond to, recover from, and mitigate against natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters, in-cluding catastrophic incidents, including by appointing a technical expert, who may con-sult with relevant outside organizations and experts, as necessary, to coordinate such ac-tivities, as necessary.’’. 
SEC. 1512. MISSION SUPPORT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall designate an individual to serve as the chief management official and principal ad-visor to the Administrator on matters re-lated to the management of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, including management integration in support of emer-gency management operations and programs. (b) M
ISSION AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, acting through the of-ficial designated pursuant to subsection (a), shall be responsible for the management and administration of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, including with respect to the following: (1) Procurement. (2) Human resources and personnel. (3) Information technology and commu-nications systems. (4) Real property investment and planning, facilities, accountable personal property (in-cluding fleet and other material resources), records and disclosure, privacy, safety and health, and sustainability and environ-mental management. (5) Security for personnel, information technology and communications systems, fa-cilities, property, equipment, and other ma-terial resources. (6) Any other management duties that the Administrator may designate. (c) M
OUNT WEATHER EMERGENCY OPER-
ATIONS AND ASSOCIATED FACILITIES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting or otherwise affecting the role or responsi-bility of the Assistant Administrator for Na-tional Continuity Programs with respect to the matters described in subsection (b) as such matters relate to the Mount Weather Emergency Operations Center and associated facilities. The management and administra-tion of the Mount Weather Emergency Oper-ations Center and associated facilities re-main the responsibility of the Assistant Ad-ministrator for National Continuity Pro-grams. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report that includes— (1) a review of financial, human capital, in-formation technology, real property plan-ning, and acquisition management of head-quarters and all regional offices of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency; and (2) a strategy for capturing financial, human capital, information technology, real property planning, and acquisition data. 
SEC. 1513. STRATEGIC HUMAN CAPITAL PLAN. 
Section 10102(c) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2007’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 1514. OFFICE OF DISABILITY INTEGRATION AND COORDINATION OF DEPART-MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) O FFICE OF DISABILITY INTEGRATION AND  C
OORDINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 513 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 513. OFFICE OF DISABILITY INTEGRATION AND COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established within the Agency an Office of Disability In-tegration and Coordination (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’), which shall be headed by a Director. ‘‘(b) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Office is to ensure that individuals with disabilities and other access and functional needs are in-cluded in emergency management activities throughout the Agency by providing guid-ance, tools, methods, and strategies for the purpose of equal physical program and effec-tive communication access. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In support of the mission of the Office, the Director shall— ‘‘(1) provide guidance and coordination on matters related to individuals with disabil-ities in emergency planning requirements and relief efforts in the event of a natural disaster, act of terrorism, or other man- made disaster; ‘‘(2) oversee Office employees responsible for disability integration in each regional of-fice with respect to carrying out the mission of the Office; ‘‘(3) liaise with other employees of the Agency, including nonpermanent employees, organizations representing individuals with disabilities, other agencies of the Federal Government, and State, local, and tribal government authorities regarding the needs of individuals with disabilities in emergency planning requirements and relief efforts in the event of a natural disaster, act of ter-rorism, or other man-made disaster; ‘‘(4) coordinate with the technical expert on the needs of children within the Agency to provide guidance and coordination on matters related to children with disabilities in emergency planning requirements and re-lief efforts in the event of a natural disaster, act of terrorism, or other man-made dis-aster; ‘‘(5) consult with organizations rep-resenting individuals with disabilities about access and functional needs in emergency planning requirements and relief efforts in the event of a natural disaster, act of ter-rorism, or other man-made disaster; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00281 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3676 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(6) ensure the coordination and dissemi-nation of best practices and model evacu-ation plans for individuals with disabilities; ‘‘(7) collaborate with Agency leadership re-sponsible for training to ensure that quali-fied experts develop easily accessible train-ing materials and a curriculum for the train-ing of emergency response providers, State, local, and tribal government officials, and others on the needs of individuals with dis-abilities; ‘‘(8) coordinate with the Emergency Man-agement Institute, the Center for Domestic Preparedness, Center for Homeland Defense and Security, the United States Fire Admin-istration, the national exercise program de-scribed in section 648(b) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 748(b)), and the National Domestic Preparedness Consortium to ensure that con-tent related to persons with disabilities, ac-cess and functional needs, and children are integrated into existing and future emer-gency management trainings; ‘‘(9) promote the accessibility of telephone hotlines and websites regarding emergency preparedness, evacuations, and disaster re-lief; ‘‘(10) work to ensure that video program-ming distributors, including broadcasters, cable operators, and satellite television serv-ices, make emergency information accessible to individuals with hearing and vision dis-abilities; ‘‘(11) ensure the availability of accessible transportation options for individuals with disabilities in the event of an evacuation; ‘‘(12) provide guidance and implement poli-cies to ensure that the rights and feedback of individuals with disabilities regarding post- evacuation residency and relocation are re-spected; ‘‘(13) ensure that meeting the needs of indi-viduals with disabilities are included in the components of the national preparedness system established under section 644 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Re-form Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 744); and ‘‘(14) perform any other duties as assigned by the Administrator. ‘‘(d) D
IRECTOR .—After consultation with organizations representing individuals with disabilities, the Administrator shall appoint a Director. The Director shall report directly to the Administrator, in order to ensure that the needs of individuals with disabilities are being properly addressed in emergency pre-paredness and disaster relief. ‘‘(e) O
RGANIZATIONS REPRESENTING INDIVID -
UALS WITHDISABILITIES DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘organizations representing individuals with disabilities’ means the National Council on Disabilities, the Interagency Coordinating Council on Preparedness and Individuals with Disabil-ities, and other appropriate disability orga-nizations.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 513 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘513. Office of Disability Integration and Co-ordination.’’. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the funding and staffing needs of the Office of Disability In-tegration and Coordination under section 513 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1515. MANAGEMENT COSTS. 
Section 324 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5165b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘any ad-ministrative expense, and any other expense not directly chargeable to’’ and inserting ‘‘direct administrative cost, and any other administrative expense associated with’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; (B) in paragraph (1), as so designated, by striking ‘‘establish’’ and inserting ‘‘imple-ment’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIC MANAGEMENT COSTS .—The Ad- ministrator shall provide for management costs, in addition to the eligible project costs, to cover direct and indirect costs of administering the following programs: ‘‘(A) H
AZARD MITIGATION .—A grantee under section 404 may be reimbursed for direct and indirect administrative costs in a total amount of not more than 15 percent of the total amount of the grant award under such section of which not more than 10 percent may be used by the grantee and 5 percent by the subgrantee for such costs. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC ASSISTANCE .—A grantee under sections 403, 406, 407, and 502 may be reim-bursed direct and indirect administrative costs in a total amount of not more than 12 percent of the total award amount under such sections, of which not more than 7 per-cent may be used by the grantee and 5 per-cent by the subgrantee for such costs.’’. 
SEC. 1516. PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES. 
Section 306 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5149) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency may ap-point temporary personnel, after serving continuously for 3 years, to positions in the Federal Emergency Management Agency in the same manner that competitive service employees with competitive status are con-sidered for transfer, reassignment, or pro-motion to such positions. An individual ap-pointed under this subsection shall become a career-conditional employee, unless the em-ployee has already completed the service re-quirements for career tenure.’’. 
SEC. 1517. STUDY TO STREAMLINE AND CONSOLI-DATE INFORMATION COLLECTION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall— (1) in coordination with the Small Business Administration, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and other appro-priate agencies, conduct a study and develop a plan, consistent with law, under which the collection of information from disaster as-sistance applicants and grantees will be modified, streamlined, expedited, consoli-dated, and simplified to be less burdensome, duplicative, and time consuming, and more efficient and flexible, for applicants and grantees; (2) in coordination with the Small Business Administration, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and other appro-priate agencies, develop a plan for the reg-ular collection and reporting of information on Federal disaster assistance awarded, in-cluding the establishment and maintenance of a website for presenting the information to the public; and (3) submit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate— (A) the plans developed under paragraphs (1) and (2); and (B) recommendations, if any, of the Admin-istrator for legislative changes to streamline or consolidate the collection or reporting of information, as described in paragraphs (1) and (2). SEC. 1518. AGENCY ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Title IV of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 430. AGENCY ACCOUNTABILITY. 
‘‘(a) P UBLIC ASSISTANCE .—Not later than 5 days after the date on which an award of a public assistance grant is made under sec-tion 406 that is in excess of $1,000,000, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency (referred to in this section as the ‘Administrator’) shall publish on the website of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency (referred to in this section as the ‘Agency’) the specifics of each such grant award, including identifying— ‘‘(1) the Federal Emergency Management Agency Region; ‘‘(2) the major disaster or emergency dec-laration number; ‘‘(3) the State, county, and applicant name; ‘‘(4) if the applicant is a private nonprofit organization; ‘‘(5) the damage category code; ‘‘(6) the amount of the Federal share obli-gated; and ‘‘(7) the date of the award. ‘‘(b) M
ISSION ASSIGNMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 days after the date on which a mission assign-ment or mission assignment task order is issued under section 402(1) or section 502(a)(1), the Administrator shall publish on the website of the Agency any mission as-signment or mission assignment task order to another Federal department or agency re-garding a major disaster in excess of $1,000,000, including— ‘‘(A) the name of the impacted State or In-dian tribe; ‘‘(B) the major disaster declaration for such State or Indian tribe; ‘‘(C) the assigned agency; ‘‘(D) the assistance requested; ‘‘(E) a description of the major disaster; ‘‘(F) the total cost estimate; ‘‘(G) the amount obligated; ‘‘(H) the State or tribal cost share, if appli-cable; ‘‘(I) the authority under which the mission assignment or mission assignment task order was directed; and ‘‘(J) if applicable, the date on which a State or Indian tribe requested the mission assignment. ‘‘(2) R
ECORDING CHANGES .—Not later than 10 days after the last day of each month until a mission assignment or mission as-signment task order described in paragraph (1) is completed and closed out, the Adminis-trator shall update any changes to the total cost estimate and the amount obligated. ‘‘(c) D
ISASTER RELIEF MONTHLY REPORT .— Not later than 10 days after the first day of each month, the Administrator shall publish reports on the website of the Agency, includ-ing a specific description of the methodology and the source data used in developing such reports, including— ‘‘(1) an estimate of the amounts for the fis-cal year covered by the President’s most re-cent budget pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, including— ‘‘(A) the unobligated balance of funds to be carried over from the prior fiscal year to the budget year; ‘‘(B) the unobligated balance of funds to be carried over from the budget year to the year after the budget year; ‘‘(C) the amount of obligations for non-catastrophic events for the budget year; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00282 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3677 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(D) the amount of obligations for the budget year for catastrophic events, as de-fined under the National Response Frame-work, delineated by event and by State; ‘‘(E) the total amount that has been pre-viously obligated or will be required for cat-astrophic events delineated by event and by State for all prior years, the current fiscal year, the budget year, and each fiscal year thereafter; ‘‘(F) the amount of previously obligated funds that will be recovered for the budget year; ‘‘(G) the amount that will be required for obligations for emergencies, major disasters, fire management assistance grants, as de-scribed in section 420, surge activities, and disaster readiness and support activities; and ‘‘(H) the amount required for activities not covered under section 251(b)(2)(D)(iii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(D)(iii)); ‘‘(2) a summary of the amount for disaster relief of— ‘‘(A) appropriations made available by source; ‘‘(B) the transfers executed; ‘‘(C) the previously allocated funds recov-ered; and ‘‘(D) the commitments, allocations, and obligations made; ‘‘(3) a table of disaster relief activity delin-eated by month, including— ‘‘(A) the beginning and ending balances; ‘‘(B) the total obligations to include amounts obligated for fire assistance, emer-gencies, surge, and disaster support activi-ties; ‘‘(C) the obligations for catastrophic events delineated by event and by State; and ‘‘(D) the amount of previously obligated funds that are recovered; ‘‘(4) a summary of allocations, obligations, and expenditures for catastrophic events de-lineated by event; ‘‘(5) the cost with respect to— ‘‘(A) public assistance; ‘‘(B) individual assistance; ‘‘(C) mitigation; ‘‘(D) administrative activities; ‘‘(E) operations; and ‘‘(F) any other relevant category (includ-ing emergency measures and disaster re-sources) delineated by major disaster; and ‘‘(6) the date on which funds appropriated will be exhausted. ‘‘(d) C
ONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) I
NFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 10 days after the first day of each month, the Admin-istrator shall publish on the website of the Agency the specifics of each contract in ex-cess of $1,000,000 that the Agency enters into during the previous month, including— ‘‘(i) the name of the party; ‘‘(ii) the date the contract was awarded; ‘‘(iii) the amount and scope of the con-tract; ‘‘(iv) if the contract was awarded through competitive bidding process; ‘‘(v) if no competitive bidding process was used, the reason why competitive bidding was not used; and ‘‘(vi) the authority used to bypass the com-petitive bidding process. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The information re-quired to be published under subparagraph (A) shall be delineated by major disaster, if applicable, and specify the damage category code, if applicable. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 10 days after the last day of the fiscal year, the Adminis-trator shall provide a report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives summarizing the following information for the preceding fiscal year: ‘‘(A) The number of contracts awarded without competitive bidding. ‘‘(B) The reasons why a competitive bid-ding process was not used. ‘‘(C) The total amount of contracts award-ed with no competitive bidding. ‘‘(D) The damage category codes, if appli-cable, for contracts awarded without com-petitive bidding.’’. SEC. 1519. NATIONAL PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE PREDISASTER HAZARD MITIGATION. 
(a) P REDISASTER HAZARD MITIGATION .—Sec- tion 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133) is amended— (1) in subsection (c) by inserting ‘‘Public Infrastructure’’ after ‘‘the National’’; (2) in subsection (e)(1)(B)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in clause (iii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) to establish and carry out enforce-ment activities to implement the latest pub-lished editions of relevant consensus-based codes, specifications, and standards that in-corporate the latest hazard-resistant designs and establish minimum acceptable criteria for the design, construction, and mainte-nance of residential structures and facilities that may be eligible for assistance under this Act for the purpose of protecting the health, safety, and general welfare of the buildings’ users against disasters.’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘for miti-gation activities that are cost effective’’ after ‘‘competitive basis’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNOBLIGATED  
AMOUNTS .—The President may— ‘‘(A) withdraw amounts of financial assist-ance made available to a State (including amounts made available to local govern-ments of a State) under this subsection that remain unobligated by the end of the third fiscal year after the fiscal year for which the amounts were allocated; and ‘‘(B) in the fiscal year following a fiscal year in which amounts were withdrawn under subparagraph (A), add the amounts to any other amounts available to be awarded on a competitive basis pursuant to para-graph (1).’’; (4) in subsection (g), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘provide financial assistance only in States that have received a major disaster declaration during the previous 7-year period and’’ after ‘‘Presi-dent shall’’; (5) by striking subsection (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) N
ATIONAL PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE  P
REDISASTER MITIGATION ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may set aside from the Disaster Relief Fund, with re-spect to each major disaster, an amount equal to 6 percent of the estimated aggregate amount of the grants to be made pursuant to sections 403, 406, 407, 408, 410, and 416 for the major disaster in order to provide technical and financial assistance under this section. ‘‘(2) E
STIMATED AGGREGATE AMOUNT .—Not later than 180 days after each major disaster declaration pursuant to this Act, the esti-mated aggregate amount of grants for pur-poses of paragraph (1) shall be determined by the President and such estimated amount need not be reduced, increased, or changed due to variations in estimates. ‘‘(3) N
O REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS .—The amount set aside pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not reduce the amounts otherwise made available for sections 403, 404, 406, 407, 408, 410, and 416 under this Act.’’; (6) by striking subsections (j) and (m); and (7) by redesignating subsections (k), (l), and (n) as subsections (j), (k), and (l), respec-tively. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made to section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133) by paragraphs (3) and (5) of subsection (a) of this Act shall apply to funds appropriated after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency; (B) the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (i) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (iii) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; and (iv) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (C) the term ‘‘public assistance grant pro-gram’’ means the public assistance grant program authorized under sections 403, 406, 407, 418, 419, 428, and 502(a) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170b, 5172, 5173, 5185, 5186, 5189f, and 5192(a)). (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report detailing the implications of the amendments made by subsection (a) on the fiscal health of the Dis-aster Relief Fund, including— (A) a justification, cost-benefit analysis, and impact statement of the percentage uti-lized to fund the amendments; (B) an assessment of the extent to which the extra spending could place stress on the Disaster Relief Fund, as calculated under section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 2985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(D)), increase the pace of spending, and impact whether supplemental funding would be required more frequently to deal with future major disasters declared under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170); (C) an expenditure plan detailing— (i) anticipated application guidelines for grantees; (ii) a period of performance schedule; (iii) anticipated project life cycle costs and expected expenditure rates; (iv) planning requirements for grantees; (v) a program schedule to ensure that the annual fund carryover does not exceed $100,000,000; and (vi) a program review and investigation schedule to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse; (D) an assessment of how the amendments could be implemented to encourage mitiga-tion that addresses risks to the most costly disaster impacts in order to reduce— (i) impacts on the Disaster Relief Fund and the public assistance grant program, in par-ticular grants to mitigate damage to infra-structure and buildings; and (ii) Federal expenditures for future major disasters declared under section 401 the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170); and (E) an assessment of the appropriate bal-ance of expenditures under section 203(i) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133(i)), as amended by subsection (a), for planning and for projects; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00283 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3678 June 11, 2018 
(F) the strategy by which project will be weighted and applications assessed to in-clude repetitive loss, location, elevation, overall risk, and the ability for a grantee to make complementary investments in other mitigation efforts. 
SEC. 1520. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO NA-TIONAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT. 
(a) H OMELAND SECURITY ACT OF 2002.—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 501(8) (6 U.S.C. 311(8))— (A) by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘National Response Framework’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘502(a)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘504(a)(6)’’; (2) in section 503(b)(2)(A) (6 U.S.C. 313(b)(2)(A)) by inserting ‘‘and incidents im-pacting critical infrastructure’’ before the semicolon; (3) in section 504(a) (6 U.S.C. 314(a))— (A) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘, includ-ing—’’ and inserting ‘‘(which shall include incidents impacting critical infrastructure), including—’’; (B) in paragraph (4) by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing incidents impacting critical infrastruc-ture’’ before the semicolon; (C) in paragraph (5) by striking ‘‘and local’’ and inserting ‘‘local, and tribal’’; (D) in paragraph (6) by striking ‘‘national response plan’’ and inserting ‘‘national re-sponse framework, which shall be reviewed and updated as required but not less than every 5 years’’; (E) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (21) as paragraphs (8) through (22), respectively; (F) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) developing integrated frameworks, to include consolidating existing Government plans addressing prevention, protection, mitigation, and recovery with such frame-works reviewed and updated as required, but not less than every 5 years;’’; and (G) in paragraph (14), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; (4) in section 507 (6 U.S.C. 317)— (A) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (2)(E), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; and (B) in subsection (f)(1)(G), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; (5) in section 508 (6 U.S.C. 318)— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘The Deputy Administrator, Protection and National Preparedness’’ and inserting ‘‘A Deputy Administrator’’; (6) in section 509 (6 U.S.C. 319)— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘National Response Frame-work, National Protection Framework, Na-tional Prevention Framework, National Mitigation Framework, National Recovery Framework’’; (II) by striking ‘‘successor’’ and inserting ‘‘successors’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘plan’’ at the end of that paragraph and inserting ‘‘framework’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘National Response Frame-work’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘NATIONAL RESPONSE PLAN ’’ and inserting ‘‘N
ATIONAL RESPONSE FRAMEWORK ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘National Response Frame-work’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; (7) in section 510 (6 U.S.C. 320)— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘enter into a memorandum of understanding’’ and inserting ‘‘partner’’; (B) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; and (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘National Re-sponse Framework’’; (8) in section 515(c)(1) (6 U.S.C. 321d(c)(1)), by striking ‘‘and local’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘, local, and tribal’’; (9) by striking section 524 (6 U.S.C. 321m); (10) in section 525 (6 U.S.C. 321n), by strik-ing ‘‘Secretary’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (11) in section 706(b)(1), as redesignated by section 1142 of this Act, by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 524. (c) P
OST-KATRINA EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  R
EFORM ACT OF 2006.— (1) C
ITATION CORRECTION .—Section 602(13) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 701(13)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘National Response Framework’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘502(a)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘504(a)(6)’’. (2) C
HANGE OF REFERENCE .—Chapter 1 of subtitle C of title VI of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–295) is amended by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘National Re-sponse Framework’’. (d) P
UBLIC HEALTH SERVICE ACT.—Section 2801(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘the National Response Plan developed pursuant to section 502(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘the National Re-sponse Framework developed pursuant to section 504(a)(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (2 U.S.C. 314(a)(6))’’. (e) D
EFENSE AGAINST WEAPONS OF MASS D
ESTRUCTION ACT OF 1996.—Section 1414(b) of the Defense Against Weapons of Mass De-struction Act of 1996 (50 U.S.C. 2314(b)) is amended, in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘National Response Plan prepared pursuant to section 502(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 312(6))’’ and inserting ‘‘National Response Framework prepared pursuant to section 504(a)(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 314(a)(6))’’ (f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—The amendments made by subsection (a) to section 503(b)(2)(A) and paragraphs (3) and (4) of section 504(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 shall not be construed as affecting the authority, ex-isting on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act, of any other component of the Department of Homeland Security or any other Federal department or agency. 
SEC. 1521. INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARNING SYSTEM SUBCOMMITTEE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Agency; (2) the term ‘‘Agency’’ means the Federal Emergency Management Agency; (3) the term ‘‘public alert and warning sys-tem’’ means the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States de-scribed in section 526 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321o); and (4) the term ‘‘State’’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Vir-gin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, and any possession of the United States. (b) INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARN-
INGSYSTEM SUBCOMMITTEE .—Section 2 of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 143; 130 Stat. 327) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (6)(B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii)(VII), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) recommendations for best practices of State, tribal, and local governments to follow to maintain the integrity of the pub-lic alert and warning system, including— ‘‘(I) the procedures for State, tribal, and local government officials to authenticate civil emergencies and initiate, modify, and cancel alerts transmitted through the public alert and warning system, including proto-cols and technology capabilities for— ‘‘(aa) the initiation, or prohibition on the initiation, of alerts by a single authorized or unauthorized individual; and ‘‘(bb) testing a State, tribal, or local gov-ernment incident management and warning tool without accidentally initiating an alert through the public alert and warning sys-tem; ‘‘(II) the standardization, functionality, and interoperability of incident management and warning tools used by State, tribal, and local governments to notify the public of an emergency through the public alert and warning system; ‘‘(III) the training and recertification of emergency management personnel on best practices for originating and transmitting an alert through the public alert and warning system; and ‘‘(IV) the procedures, protocols, and guid-ance concerning the protective action plans that State, tribal, and local governments should issue to the public following an alert issued under the public alert and warning system.’’; (B) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(i) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than’’; (II) in clause (i), as so designated, by strik-ing ‘‘paragraph (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (6)(B)’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) S
ECOND REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Department of Homeland Security Author-ization Act, the Subcommittee shall submit to the National Advisory Council a report containing any recommendations required to be developed under paragraph (6)(B)(iii) for approval by the National Advisory Council.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘re-port’’ each place that term appears and in-serting ‘‘reports’’; and (C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘3’’ and in-serting ‘‘5’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00284 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3679 June 11, 2018 
(c) I NTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARNING  S
YSTEM PARTICIPATORY REQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator shall— (1) consider the recommendations sub-mitted by the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Subcommittee to the Na-tional Advisory Council under section 2(b)(7) of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–143; 130 Stat. 331), as amended by subsection (b) of this Act; and (2) not later than 120 days after the date on which the recommendations described in paragraph (1) are submitted, establish min-imum requirements for State, tribal, and local governments to participate in the pub-lic alert and warning system consistent with all public notice rules and regulations. (d) I
NCIDENT MANAGEMENT AND WARNING  T
OOLVALIDATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish a process to ensure that an inci-dent management and warning tool used by a State, tribal, or local government to origi-nate and transmit an alert through the pub-lic alert and warning system meets the min-imum requirements established by the Ad-ministrator under subsection (c)(2). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The process required to be established under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) the ability to test an incident manage-ment and warning tool in the public alert and warning system lab; (B) the ability to certify that an incident management and warning tool complies with the applicable cyber frameworks of the De-partment of Homeland Security and the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology; (C) a process to certify developers of emer-gency management software; and (D) requiring developers to provide the Ad-ministrator with a copy of and rights of use for ongoing testing of each version of inci-dent management and warning tool software before the software is first used by a State, tribal, or local government. (e) R
EVIEW AND UPDATE OF MEMORANDA OF  U
NDERSTANDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall review the memoranda of understanding be-tween the Agency and State, tribal, and local governments with respect to the public alert and warning system to ensure that all agreements ensure compliance with any minimum requirements established by the Administrator under subsection (c)(2). (2) F
UTURE MEMORANDA .—The Adminis-trator shall ensure that any new memo-randum of understanding entered into be-tween the Agency and a State, tribal, or local government on or after the date of en-actment of this Act with respect to the pub-lic alert and warning system ensures that the agreement requires compliance with any minimum requirements established by the Administrator under subsection (c)(2). (f) M
ISSILE ALERT AND WARNING AUTHORI -
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) A
UTHORITY .—Beginning on the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the authority to originate an alert warning the public of a missile launch directed against a State using the public alert and warning system shall reside pri-marily with the Federal Government. (B) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may delegate to a State, tribal, or local entity the author-ity described in subparagraph (A), if, not later than 60 days after the end of the 120- day period described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary of Homeland Security reports to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that— (i) it is not feasible for the Federal govern-ment to alert the public of a missile threat against a State; or (ii) it is not in the national security inter-est of the United States for the Federal gov-ernment to alert the public of a missile threat against a State. (C) ACTIVATION OF SYSTEM .—Upon verification of a missile threat, the Presi-dent, utilizing established authorities, proto-cols, and procedures, may activate the public alert and warning system. (2) R
EQUIRED PROCESSES .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Ad-ministrator, shall establish a process to promptly notify a State warning point, and any State entities that the Administrator determines appropriate, of follow-up actions to a missile launch alert so the State may take appropriate action to protect the health, safety, and welfare of the residents of the State following the issuance of an alert described in paragraph (1)(A) for that State. (3) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Administrator, shall work with the Governor of a State warning point to develop and implement ap-propriate protective action plans to respond to an alert described in paragraph (1)(A) for that State. (4) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (A) examine the feasibility of establishing an alert designation under the public alert and warning system that would be used to alert and warn the public of a missile threat while concurrently alerting a State warning point so that a State may activate related protective action plans; and (B) submit a report of the findings under subparagraph (A), including of the costs and timeline for taking action to implement an alert designation described in paragraph (1), to— (i) the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (iii) the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (iv) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. (g) A
WARENESS OF ALERTS AND WARNINGS .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (1) conduct a review of— (A) the Emergency Operations Center of the Agency; and (B) the National Watch Center and each Regional Watch Center of the Agency; and (2) submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives a re-port on the review conducted under para-graph (1), which shall include— (A) an assessment of the technical capa-bility of the Emergency Operations Center and the National and Regional Watch Cen-ters described in paragraph (1) to be notified of alerts and warnings issued by a State through the public alert and warning sys-tem; (B) a determination of which State alerts and warnings the Emergency Operations Center and the National and Regional Watch Centers described in paragraph (1) should be aware of; and (C) recommendations for improving the ability of the National and Regional Watch Centers described in paragraph (1) to receive any State alerts and warnings that the Ad-ministrator determines are appropriate. (h) TIMELINE FOR COMPLIANCE .—Each State shall be given a reasonable amount of time to comply with any new rules, regulations, or requirements imposed under this section or the amendments made by this section. TITLE VI—CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY 
SEC. 1601. CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUC-TURE SECURITY AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE XXII—CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY ‘‘Subtitle A—Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security 
‘‘SEC. 2201. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘critical infrastructure in-formation’ has the meaning given the term in section 2222. ‘‘(2) C
YBERSECURITY RISK .—The term ‘cy-bersecurity risk’ has the meaning given the term in section 2209. ‘‘(3) C
YBERSECURITY THREAT .—The term ‘cybersecurity threat’ has the meaning given the term in section 102(5) of the Cybersecu-rity Act of 2015 (contained in division N of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113; 6 U.S.C. 1501)). ‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL CYBERSECURITY ASSET RE -
SPONSE ACTIVITIES .—The term ‘national cy-bersecurity asset response activities’ means— ‘‘(A) furnishing cybersecurity technical as-sistance to entities affected by cybersecurity risks to protect assets, mitigate vulnerabilities, and reduce impacts of cyber incidents; ‘‘(B) identifying other entities that may be at risk of an incident and assessing risk to the same or similar vulnerabilities; ‘‘(C) assessing potential cybersecurity risks to a sector or region, including poten-tial cascading effects, and developing courses of action to mitigate such risks; ‘‘(D) facilitating information sharing and operational coordination with threat re-sponse; and ‘‘(E) providing guidance on how best to uti-lize Federal resources and capabilities in a timely, effective manner to speed recovery from cybersecurity risks. ‘‘(5) S
ECTOR -SPECIFIC AGENCY .—The term ‘Sector-Specific Agency’ means a Federal de-partment or agency, designated by law or presidential directive, with responsibility for providing institutional knowledge and spe-cialized expertise of a sector, as well as lead-ing, facilitating, or supporting programs and associated activities of its designated crit-ical infrastructure sector in the all hazards environment in coordination with the De-partment. ‘‘(6) S
HARING .—The term ‘sharing’ has the meaning given the term in section 2209. 
‘‘SEC. 2202. CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUC-TURE SECURITY AGENCY. 
‘‘(a) R EDESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department shall, on and after the date of the enactment of this subtitle, be known as the ‘Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security Agency’ (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Agency’). ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference to the National Protection and Programs Direc-torate of the Department in any law, regula-tion, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security Agency of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(b) D
IRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Agency shall be headed by a Director of Cybersecurity and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00285 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3680 June 11, 2018 
Infrastructure Security (in this subtitle re-ferred to as the ‘Director’), who shall report to the Secretary. ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to an Under Secretary responsible for overseeing critical infrastructure protection, cybersecu-rity, and any other related program of the Department as described in section 103(a)(1)(H) as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subtitle in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Director of Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security of the De-partment. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director shall— ‘‘(1) lead cybersecurity and critical infra-structure security programs, operations, and associated policy for the Agency, including national cybersecurity asset response activi-ties; ‘‘(2) coordinate with Federal entities, in-cluding Sector-Specific Agencies, and non- Federal entities, including international en-tities, to carry out the cybersecurity and critical infrastructure activities of the Agen-cy, as appropriate; ‘‘(3) carry out the responsibilities of the Secretary to secure Federal information and information systems consistent with law, in-cluding subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (contained in division N of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–113)); ‘‘(4) coordinate a national effort to secure and protect against critical infrastructure risks, consistent with subsection (e)(1)(E); ‘‘(5) oversee the EMP and GMD planning and protection and preparedness activities of the Agency; ‘‘(6) upon request, provide analyses, exper-tise, and other technical assistance to crit-ical infrastructure owners and operators and, where appropriate, provide those analyses, expertise, and other technical assistance in coordination with Sector-Specific Agencies and other Federal departments and agencies; ‘‘(7) develop and utilize mechanisms for ac-tive and frequent collaboration between the Agency and Sector-Specific Agencies to en-sure appropriate coordination, situational awareness, and communications with Sector- Specific Agencies; ‘‘(8) maintain and utilize mechanisms for the regular and ongoing consultation and collaboration among the Divisions of the Agency to further operational coordination, integrated situational awareness, and im-proved integration across the Agency in ac-cordance with this Act; ‘‘(9) develop, coordinate, and implement— ‘‘(A) comprehensive strategic plans for the activities of the Agency; and ‘‘(B) risk assessments by and for the Agen-cy; ‘‘(10) carry out emergency communications responsibilities, in accordance with title XVIII; ‘‘(11) carry out cybersecurity, infrastruc-ture security, and emergency communica-tions stakeholder outreach and engagement and coordinate that outreach and engage-ment with critical infrastructure Sector- Specific Agencies, as appropriate; ‘‘(12) oversee an integrated analytical ap-proach to physical and cyber infrastructure analysis; and ‘‘(13) carry out such other duties and pow-ers prescribed by law or delegated by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) D
EPUTY DIRECTOR .—There shall be in the Agency a Deputy Director of Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security who shall— ‘‘(1) assist the Director in the management of the Agency; and ‘‘(2) report to the Director. ‘‘(e) CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE  S
ECURITY AUTHORITIES OF THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The responsibilities of the Secretary relating to cybersecurity and infrastructure security shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) To access, receive, and analyze law enforcement information, intelligence infor-mation, and other information from Federal Government agencies, State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies, includ-ing law enforcement agencies, and private sector entities, and to integrate that infor-mation, in support of the mission respon-sibilities of the Department, in order to— ‘‘(i) identify and assess the nature and scope of terrorist threats to the homeland; ‘‘(ii) detect and identify threats of ter-rorism against the United States; and ‘‘(iii) understand those threats in light of actual and potential vulnerabilities of the homeland. ‘‘(B) To carry out comprehensive assess-ments of the vulnerabilities of the key re-sources and critical infrastructure of the United States, including the performance of risk assessments to determine the risks posed by particular types of terrorist attacks within the United States, including an as-sessment of the probability of success of those attacks and the feasibility and poten-tial efficacy of various countermeasures to those attacks. At the discretion of the Sec-retary, such assessments may be carried out in coordination with Sector-Specific Agen-cies. ‘‘(C) To integrate relevant information, analysis, and vulnerability assessments, re-gardless of whether the information, anal-ysis, or assessments are provided or produced by the Department, in order to make rec-ommendations, including prioritization, for protective and support measures by the De-partment, other Federal Government agen-cies, State, local, tribal, and territorial gov-ernment agencies and authorities, the pri-vate sector, and other entities regarding ter-rorist and other threats to homeland secu-rity. ‘‘(D) To ensure, pursuant to section 202, the timely and efficient access by the Depart-ment to all information necessary to dis-charge the responsibilities under this title, including obtaining that information from other Federal Government agencies. ‘‘(E) To develop, in coordination with the Sector-Specific Agencies with available ex-pertise, a comprehensive national plan for securing the key resources and critical infra-structure of the United States, including power production, generation, and distribu-tion systems, information technology and telecommunications systems (including sat-ellites), electronic financial and property record storage and transmission systems, emergency communications systems, and the physical and technological assets that sup-port those systems. ‘‘(F) To recommend measures necessary to protect the key resources and critical infra-structure of the United States in coordina-tion with other Federal Government agen-cies, including Sector-Specific Agencies, and in cooperation with State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and authori-ties, the private sector, and other entities. ‘‘(G) To review, analyze, and make rec-ommendations for improvements to the poli-cies and procedures governing the sharing of information relating to homeland security within the Federal Government and between Federal Government agencies and State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and authorities. ‘‘(H) To disseminate, as appropriate, infor-mation analyzed by the Department within the Department to other Federal Govern-ment agencies with responsibilities relating to homeland security and to State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and private sector entities with those re-sponsibilities in order to assist in the deter-rence, prevention, or preemption of, or re-sponse to, terrorist attacks against the United States. ‘‘(I) To consult with State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and pri-vate sector entities to ensure appropriate ex-changes of information, including law en-forcement-related information, relating to threats of terrorism against the United States. ‘‘(J) To ensure that any material received pursuant to this Act is protected from unau-thorized disclosure and handled and used only for the performance of official duties. ‘‘(K) To request additional information from other Federal Government agencies, State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ment agencies, and the private sector relat-ing to threats of terrorism in the United States, or relating to other areas of responsi-bility assigned by the Secretary, including the entry into cooperative agreements through the Secretary to obtain that infor-mation. ‘‘(L) To establish and utilize, in conjunc-tion with the Chief Information Officer of the Department, a secure communications and information technology infrastructure, including data-mining and other advanced analytical tools, in order to access, receive, and analyze data and information in further-ance of the responsibilities under this sec-tion, and to disseminate information ac-quired and analyzed by the Department, as appropriate. ‘‘(M) To coordinate training and other sup-port to the elements and personnel of the De-partment, other Federal Government agen-cies, and State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies that provide informa-tion to the Department, or are consumers of information provided by the Department, in order to facilitate the identification and sharing of information revealed in their ordi-nary duties and the optimal utilization of in-formation received from the Department. ‘‘(N) To coordinate with Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement agencies, and the private sector, as appro-priate. ‘‘(O) To exercise the authorities and over-sight of the functions, personnel, assets, and liabilities of those components transferred to the Department pursuant to section 201(g). ‘‘(P) To carry out the functions of the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center under section 2209. ‘‘(Q) To carry out the requirements of the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program established under title XXI and the secure handling of ammonium nitrate pro-gram established under subtitle J of title VIII, or any successor programs. ‘‘(2) R
EALLOCATION .—The Secretary may reallocate within the Agency the functions specified in sections 2203(b) and 2204(b), con-sistent with the responsibilities provided in paragraph (1), upon certifying to and briefing the appropriate congressional committees, and making available to the public, not less than 60 days before the reallocation that the reallocation is necessary for carrying out the activities of the Agency. ‘‘(3) S
TAFF .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide the Agency with a staff of analysts hav-ing appropriate expertise and experience to assist the Agency in discharging the respon-sibilities of the Agency under this section. ‘‘(B) P
RIVATE SECTOR ANALYSTS .—Analysts under this subsection may include analysts from the private sector. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00286 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3681 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(C) S ECURITY CLEARANCES .—Analysts under this subsection shall possess security clearances appropriate for their work under this section. ‘‘(4) D
ETAIL OF PERSONNEL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In order to assist the Agency in discharging the responsibilities of the Agency under this section, personnel of the Federal agencies described in subpara-graph (B) may be detailed to the Agency for the performance of analytic functions and related duties. ‘‘(B) A
GENCIES .—The Federal agencies de-scribed in this subparagraph are— ‘‘(i) the Department of State; ‘‘(ii) the Central Intelligence Agency; ‘‘(iii) the Federal Bureau of Investigation; ‘‘(iv) the National Security Agency; ‘‘(v) the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency; ‘‘(vi) the Defense Intelligence Agency; ‘‘(vii) Sector-Specific Agencies; and ‘‘(viii) any other agency of the Federal Government that the President considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(C) I
NTERAGENCY AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary and the head of a Federal agency de-scribed in subparagraph (B) may enter into agreements for the purpose of detailing per-sonnel under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) B
ASIS.—The detail of personnel under this paragraph may be on a reimbursable or non-reimbursable basis. ‘‘(f) C
OMPOSITION .—The Agency shall be composed of the following divisions: ‘‘(1) The Cybersecurity Division, headed by an Assistant Director. ‘‘(2) The Infrastructure Security Division, headed by an Assistant Director. ‘‘(3) The Emergency Communications Divi-sion under title XVIII, headed by an Assist-ant Director. ‘‘(g) C
O-LOCATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Director shall examine the establishment of central locations in geo-graphical regions with a significant Agency presence. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—When establishing the central locations described in paragraph (1), the Director shall coordinate with compo-nent heads and the Under Secretary for Man-agement to co-locate or partner on any new real property leases, renewing any occu-pancy agreements for existing leases, or agreeing to extend or newly occupy any Fed-eral space or new construction. ‘‘(h) P
RIVACY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There shall be a Privacy Officer of the Agency with primary responsi-bility for privacy policy and compliance for the Agency. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibil-ities of the Privacy Officer of the Agency shall include— ‘‘(A) ensuring that the use of technologies by the Agency sustain, and do not erode, pri-vacy protections relating to the use, collec-tion, and disclosure of personal information; ‘‘(B) ensuring that personal information contained in systems of records of the Agen-cy is handled in full compliance as specified in section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’); ‘‘(C) evaluating legislative and regulatory proposals involving collection, use, and dis-closure of personal information by the Agen-cy; and ‘‘(D) conducting a privacy impact assess-ment of proposed rules of the Agency on the privacy of personal information, including the type of personal information collected and the number of people affected. ‘‘(i) S
AVINGS .—Nothing in this title may be construed as affecting in any manner the au-thority, existing on the day before the date of enactment of this title, of any other com-ponent of the Department or any other Fed-eral department or agency. ‘‘SEC. 2203. CYBERSECURITY DIVISION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Agency a Cybersecurity Division. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT DIRECTOR .—The Cybersecu-rity Division shall be headed by an Assistant Director for Cybersecurity (in this section referred to as the ‘Assistant Director’), who shall— ‘‘(A) be at the level of Assistant Secretary within the Department; ‘‘(B) be appointed by the President without the advice and consent of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) report to the Director. ‘‘(3) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to the As-sistant Secretary for Cybersecurity and Communications in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the Assistant Director for Cyberse-curity. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The Assistant Director shall— ‘‘(1) direct the cybersecurity efforts of the Agency; ‘‘(2) carry out activities, at the direction of the Director, related to the security of Fed-eral information and Federal information systems consistent with law, including sub-chapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (contained in division N of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113)); ‘‘(3) fully participate in the mechanisms required under section 2202(c)(7); and ‘‘(4) carry out such other duties and powers as prescribed by the Director. 
‘‘SEC. 2204. INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY DIVI-SION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Agency an Infrastructure Security Divi-sion. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT DIRECTOR .—The Infrastruc-ture Security Division shall be headed by an Assistant Director for Infrastructure Secu-rity (in this section referred to as the ‘As-sistant Director’), who shall— ‘‘(A) be at the level of Assistant Secretary within the Department; ‘‘(B) be appointed by the President without the advice and consent of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) report to the Director. ‘‘(3) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to the As-sistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protec-tion in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the As-sistant Director for Infrastructure Security. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The Assistant Director shall— ‘‘(1) direct the critical infrastructure secu-rity efforts of the Agency; ‘‘(2) carry out, at the direction of the Di-rector, the Chemical Facilities Anti-Ter-rorism Standards Program established under title XXI and the secure handling of ammo-nium nitrate program established under sub-title J of title VIII, or any successor pro-grams; ‘‘(3) fully participate in the mechanisms required under section 2202(c)(7); and ‘‘(4) carry out such other duties and powers as prescribed by the Director.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN POSITIONS .— (1) U
NDER SECRETARY .—The individual serving as the Under Secretary appointed pursuant to section 103(a)(1)(H) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H)) of the Department of Homeland Security on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act may continue to serve as the Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security of the Department on and after such date. (2) DIRECTOR FOR EMERGENCY COMMUNICA -
TIONS .—The individual serving as the Direc-tor for Emergency Communications of the Department of Homeland Security on the day before the date of enactment of this Act may continue to serve as the Assistant Di-rector for Emergency Communications of the Department on and after such date. (3) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY FOR CYBERSECU -
RITY AND COMMUNICATIONS .—The individual serving as the Assistant Secretary for Cyber-security and Communications on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this Act may continue to serve as the Assistant Director for Cybersecurity on and after such date. (4) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INFRASTRUC -
TURE PROTECTION .—The individual serving as the Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act may continue to serve as the Assistant Director for Infrastructure Se-curity on and after such date. (c) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to— (1) the Office of Emergency Communica-tions in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Emergency Communications Division; and (2) the Director for Emergency Commu-nications in any law, regulation, map, docu-ment, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Director for Emergency Com-munications. (d) O
VERSIGHT .—The Director of Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall pro-vide to Congress, in accordance with the deadlines specified in paragraphs (1) through (6), information on the following: (1) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a briefing on the ac-tivities of the Agency relating to the devel-opment and use of the mechanisms required pursuant to section 2202(c)(7) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (as added by sub-section (a)). (2) Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, a briefing on the activities of the Agency relating to the use and improvement by the Agency of the mechanisms required pursuant to section 2202(c)(7) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and how such activities have impacted coordination, situational awareness, and communications with Sector-Specific Agen-cies. (3) Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, information on the mechanisms of the Agency for regular and ongoing consultation and collaboration, as required pursuant to section 2202(c)(8) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a)). (4) Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, information on the activities of the consultation and col-laboration mechanisms of the Agency as re-quired pursuant to section 2202(c)(8) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, and how such mechanisms have impacted operational co-ordination, situational awareness, and inte-gration across the Agency. (5) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, information, which shall be made publicly available and updated as appropriate, on the mechanisms and structures of the Agency responsible for stakeholder outreach and engagement, as re-quired under section 2202(c)(11) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (as added by sub-section (a)). (6) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually there-after, information on EMP and GMD (as de-fined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act (6 U.S.C. 101)), which shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00287 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3682 June 11, 2018 
(A) a summary of the threats and con-sequences, as of the date of the information, of electromagnetic events to the critical in-frastructure of the United States; (B) Department of Homeland Security ef-forts as of the date of the information, in-cluding with respect to— (i) risk assessments; (ii) mitigation actions; (iii) coordinating with the Department of Energy to identify critical electric infra-structure assets subject to EMP or GMD risk; and (iv) current and future plans for engage-ment with the Department of Energy, the Department of Defense, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and other relevant Federal departments and agencies; (C) as of the date of the information, cur-rent collaboration, and plans for future en-gagement, with critical infrastructure own-ers and operators; (D) an identification of internal roles to address electromagnetic risks to critical in-frastructure; and (E) plans for implementation and pro-tecting and preparing United States critical infrastructure against electromagnetic threats. (e) C
YBER WORKFORCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security Agency of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall submit to Congress a re-port detailing how the Agency is meeting legislative requirements under the Cyberse-curity Workforce Assessment Act (Public Law 113–246; 128 Stat. 2880) and the Homeland Security Cybersecurity Workforce Assess-ment Act (6 U.S.C. 146 note; Public Law 113– 277) to address cyber workforce needs. (f) F
ACILITY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Home-land Security shall report to Congress on the most efficient and effective methods of con-solidating Agency facilities, personnel, and programs to most effectively carry out the mission of the Agency. (g) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS TO THE HOMELAND SECURITY ACT OF  2002.—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (1) by amending section 103(a)(1)(H) (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H)) to read as follows: ‘‘(H) A Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.’’; (2) in title II (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.)— (A) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ AND INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; (B) in the subtitle A heading, by striking ‘‘and Infrastructure Protection’’; (C) in section 201 (6 U.S.C. 121)— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDINFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and an Office of Infra-structure Protection’’; (iii) in subsection (b)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INFRASTRUC -
TURE PROTECTION ’’; and (II) by striking paragraph (3); (iv) in subsection (c)— (I) by striking ‘‘and infrastructure protec-tion’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘or the Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection, as appro-priate’’; (v) in subsection (d)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDINFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; (II) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and infrastructure protection’’; (III) by striking paragraphs (5), (6), and (25); (IV) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (24) as paragraphs (5) through (22), respectively; (V) by redesignating paragraph (26) as paragraph (23); and (VI) in paragraph (23)(B)(i), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘section 319’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 320’’; (vi) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’; (vii) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’; and (viii) in subsection (g), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’; (D) in section 202 (6 U.S.C. 122)— (i) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Director of Central Intelligence’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-rector of National Intelligence’’; and (ii) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘Direc-tor of Central Intelligence’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of National Intelligence’’; (E) in section 204 (6 U.S.C. 124a)— (i) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; and (ii) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; (F) by redesignating section 210E (6 U.S.C. 124l) as section 2214 and transferring such section to appear after section 2213 (as redes-ignated by subparagraph (I)); (G) in subtitle B, by redesignating sections 211 through 215 (6 U.S.C. 101 note, and 131 through 134) as sections 2221 through 2225, re-spectively, and transferring such subtitle, in-cluding the enumerator and heading of sub-title B and such sections, to appear after sec-tion 2214 (as redesignated by subparagraph (G)); (H) by redesignating sections 223 through 230 (6 U.S.C. 143 through 151) as sections 2205 through 2213, respectively, and transferring such sections to appear after section 2204, as added by this Act; (I) by redesignating section 210F as section 210E; and (J) by redesignating subtitles C and D as subtitles B and C, respectively; (3) in title III (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.)— (A) in section 302 (6 U.S.C. 182)— (i) by striking ‘‘biological,,’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘biologi-cal,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; (B) by redesignating the second section 319 (6 U.S.C. 195f) (relating to EMP and GMD mitigation research and development) as sec-tion 320; and (C) in section 320(c)(1), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Section 214’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 2224’’; (4) in title V (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.)— (A) in section 508(d)(2)(D) (6 U.S.C. 318(d)(2)(D)), by striking ‘‘The Director of the Office of Emergency Communications of the Department of Homeland Security’’ and in-serting ‘‘The Assistant Director for Emer-gency Communications’’; (B) in section 514 (6 U.S.C. 321c)— (i) by striking subsection (b); and (ii) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b); and (C) in section 523 (6 U.S.C. 321l)— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Security’’; and (ii) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Assist-ant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security’’; (5) in title VIII (6 U.S.C. 361 et seq.)— (A) in section 884(d)(4)(A)(ii) (6 U.S.C. 464(d)(4)(A)(ii)), by striking ‘‘Under Sec-retary responsible for overseeing critical in-frastructure protection, cybersecurity, and other related programs of the Department’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security’’; and (B) in section 899B(a) (6 U.S.C. 488a(a)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such regu-lations shall be carried out by the Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security Agency.’’; (6) in title XVIII (6 U.S.C. 571 et seq.)— (A) in section 1801 (6 U.S.C. 571)— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘OF-
FICE OF EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘
EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS DIVI -
SION’’; (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Com-munications’’ and inserting ‘‘Emergency Communications Division’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Division shall be located in the Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security Agen-cy.’’; (iii) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
SSISTANT DIRECTOR .—The head of the Division shall be the Assistant Director for Emergency Communications. The Assistant Director shall report to the Director of Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Security. All decisions of the Assistant Director that en-tail the exercise of significant authority shall be subject to the approval of the Direc-tor of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-curity.’’; (iv) in subsection (c)— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Assistant’’ before ‘‘Director’’; (II) in paragraph (15), as added by section 1431(a)(7), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) by redesignating paragraph (16), as so redesignated by section 1431(a)(3), as para-graph (17); and (IV) by inserting after paragraph (15) the following: ‘‘(16) fully participate in the mechanisms required under section 2202(c)(8); and’’; (v) in subsection (d), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Assist-ant’’ before ‘‘Director’’; and (vi) in subsection (e), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Assist-ant’’ before ‘‘Director’’; (B) in sections 1802 through 1805 (6 U.S.C. 572 through 575), by striking ‘‘Director for Emergency Communications’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; (C) in section 1809 (6 U.S.C. 579)— (i) by striking ‘‘Director of Emergency Communications’’ each place that term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; (ii) in subsection (b)— (I) by striking ‘‘Director for Emergency Communications’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Com-munications’’ and inserting ‘‘Emergency Communications Division’’; (iii) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘the Assistant Di-rector’’; and (iv) in subsection (m)(1)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00288 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3683 June 11, 2018 
(I) by striking ‘‘The Director’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The Assistant Director’’; (II) by striking ‘‘the Director determines’’ and inserting ‘‘the Assistant Director deter-mines’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Communications’’ and inserting ‘‘Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; (D) in section 1810 (6 U.S.C. 580)— (i) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Direc-tor of the Office of Emergency Communica-tions (referred to in this section as the ‘Di-rector’)’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications (referred to in this section as the ‘Assistant Director’)’’; (ii) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Communications’’ and inserting ‘‘Emergency Communications Division’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘Director’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Direc-tor’’; (7) in title XX (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.)— (A) in paragraph (5)(A)(iii)(II) of section 2001 (6 U.S.C. 601), as so redesignated by sec-tion 1451(b), by striking ‘‘section 210E(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2214(a)(2)’’; (B) in section 2008(a)(3) (6 U.S.C. 609(a)(3)), by striking ‘‘section 210E(a)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 2214(a)(2)’’; and (C) in section 2021 (6 U.S.C. 611)— (i) by striking subsection (c); and (ii) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c); (8) in title XXI (6 U.S.C. 621 et seq.)— (A) in section 2102(a)(1) (6 U.S.C. 622(a)(1)), by inserting ‘‘, which shall be located in the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’ before the period at the end; and (B) in section 2104(c)(2) (6 U.S.C. 624(c)(2)), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary responsible for overseeing critical infrastructure protection, cybersecurity, and other related programs of the Department appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Security’’; and (9) in title XXII, as added by this Act— (A) in subtitle A— (i) in section 2205, as so redesignated— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 201’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2202’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary ap-pointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security’’; and (II) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in section 2206, as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastruc-ture Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security’’; (iii) in section 2209, as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Director’’; (II) in subsection (a)(4), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 212(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2222(5)’’; (III) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Center shall be located in the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-curity Agency. The head of the Center shall report to the Assistant Director for Cyberse-curity.’’; and (IV) in subsection (c)(11), by striking ‘‘Of-fice of Emergency Communications’’ and in-serting ‘‘Emergency Communications Divi-sion’’; (iv) in section 2210, as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (II) in subsection (c)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary ap-pointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘section 212(5)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 2222(5)’’; (v) in section 2211, as so redesignated— (I) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘the section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (II) in subsection (c)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘section 707’’ and inserting ‘‘section 706’’; (vi) in section 2212, as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 212(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2222(5)’’; (vii) in section 2213(a), as so redesignated— (I) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 228’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2210’’; and (II) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (viii) in section 2214, as so redesignated— (I) by striking subsection (e); and (II) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e); and (B) in subtitle B— (i) in section 2222(8), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (ii) in section 2224(h), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 213’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2223’’; (h) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS TO OTHER LAWS.— (1) C
YBERSECURITY ACT OF 2015 .—The Cyber-security Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 202(2) (6 U.S.C. 131 note)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, as so redesignated by section 223(a)(3) of this division’’; (B) in section 207(2) (Public Law 114–113; 129 Stat. 2962)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, as redesignated by sec-tion 223(a) of this division,’’; (C) in section 208 (Public Law 114–113; 129 Stat. 2962), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary ap-pointed under section 103(a)(1)(H) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H))’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Security of the Department’’; (D) in section 222 (6 U.S.C. 1521)— (i) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 228’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2210’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(4) of this division’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as so redesignated by section 223(a)(3) of this division’’; (E) in section 223(b) (6 U.S.C. 151 note)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 230(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘section 2213(b)(1) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002’’; and (ii) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 230(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2213(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002’’; (F) in section 226 (6 U.S.C. 1524)— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 230’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2213’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division’’; (II) in paragraph (4)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 228(b)(1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2210(b)(1)’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(4) of this division’’; and (III) in paragraph (5)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 230(b)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2213(b)’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division’’; and (ii) in subsection (c)(1)(A)(vi)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 230(c)(5)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2213(c)(5)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division’’; (G) in section 227 (6 U.S.C. 1525)— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 230’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2213’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 230(d)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2213(d)(2)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division,’’; and (H) in section 404 (6 U.S.C. 1532)— (i) by striking ‘‘Director for Emergency Communications’’ each place that term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; and (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as redesignated by sec-tion 223(a)(3) of this division,’’. (2) SMALL BUSINESS ACT .—Section 21(a)(8)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(8)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 227(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2209(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002’’. (3) T
ITLE 5 .—Subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 5314, by inserting after ‘‘Under Secretaries, Department of Home-land Security.’’ the following: ‘‘Director, Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency.’’; and (B) in section 5315, by inserting after ‘‘As-sistant Secretaries, Department of Homeland Security.’’ the following: ‘‘Assistant Director for Cybersecurity, Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. ‘‘Assistant Director for Infrastructure Se-curity, Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-curity Agency.’’. (i) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to title II and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE II—INFORMATION ANALYSIS’’; (2) by striking the item relating to subtitle A of title II and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle A—Information and Analysis; Access to Information’’; (3) by striking the item relating to section 201 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 201. Information and analysis.’’; (4) by striking the items relating to sec-tions 210E and 210F and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 210E. Classified Information Advisory Officer.’’; (5) by striking the items relating to sub-title B of title II and sections 211 through 215; (6) by striking the items relating to sec-tion 223 through section 230; (7) by striking the item relating to subtitle C and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle B—Information Security’’; (8) by striking the item relating to subtitle D and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Office of Science and Technology’’; (9) by striking the items relating to sec-tions 317, 319, 318, and 319 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 317. Promoting antiterrorism through international cooperation pro-gram. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00289 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3684 June 11, 2018 
‘‘Sec. 318. Social media working group. ‘‘Sec. 319. Transparency in research and de-velopment. ‘‘Sec. 320. EMP and GMD mitigation re-search and development.’’; (10) by striking the item relating to sec-tion 1801 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 1801. Emergency Communications Di-vision.’’; and (11) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE XXII—CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY ‘‘Subtitle A—Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security ‘‘Sec. 2201. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2202. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. ‘‘Sec. 2203. Cybersecurity Division. ‘‘Sec. 2204. Infrastructure Security Division. ‘‘Sec. 2205. Enhancement of Federal and non-Federal cybersecurity. ‘‘Sec. 2206. Net guard. ‘‘Sec. 2207. Cyber Security Enhancement Act of 2002. ‘‘Sec. 2208. Cybersecurity recruitment and retention. ‘‘Sec. 2209. National cybersecurity and com-munications integration center. ‘‘Sec. 2210. Cybersecurity plans. ‘‘Sec. 2211. Cybersecurity strategy. ‘‘Sec. 2212. Clearances. ‘‘Sec. 2213. Federal intrusion detection and prevention system. ‘‘Sec. 2214. National Asset Database. ‘‘Subtitle B—Critical Infrastructure Information ‘‘Sec. 2221. Short title. ‘‘Sec. 2222. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2223. Designation of critical infra-structure protection program. ‘‘Sec. 2224. Protection of voluntarily shared critical infrastructure informa-tion. ‘‘Sec. 2225. No private right of action.’’. 
SEC. 1602. TRANSFER OF OTHER ENTITIES. 
(a) O FFICE OF BIOMETRIC IDENTITY MANAGE -
MENT .—The Office of Biometric Identity Management of the Department of Homeland Security located in the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security on the day before the date of enactment of this Act is hereby transferred to the Management Directorate of the Department. (b) F
EDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days fol-lowing the completion of the Government Accountability Office review of the organiza-tional placement of the Federal Protective Service, as requested by Congress, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and the appropriate committees of Congress a recommendation regarding the appropriate placement of the Federal Protec-tive Service within the executive branch of the Federal Government. (2) C
ONSULTATION AND ASSESSMENT .—The recommendation described in paragraph (1) shall— (A) be developed after consultation with the head of any executive branch entity that the Secretary intends to recommend for the placement of the Federal Protective Service; and (B) include— (i) an assessment of the how the Depart-ment of Homeland Security considered the Government Accountability Office review de-scribed in paragraph (1) and any other rel-evant analysis; and (ii) an explanation of any statutory changes that may be necessary to effectuate the recommendation. 
SEC. 1603. DHS REPORT ON CLOUD-BASED CY-BERSECURITY. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Security. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in coordina-tion with the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget and the Administrator of General Services, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives a re-port on the leadership role of the Depart-ment in cloud-based cybersecurity deploy-ments for civilian Federal departments and agencies, which shall include— (1) information on the plan of the Depart-ment for offering automated, software-based Security Operations Center as a service ca-pabilities in accordance with the December 2017 Report to the President on Federal IT Modernization issued by the American Tech-nology Council; (2) information on what capabilities the Department will prioritize for those service capabilities, including— (A) criteria the Department will use to evaluate capabilities offered by the private sector; and (B) information on how government- and private sector-provided capabilities will be integrated to enable visibility and consist-ency of security capabilities across all cloud and on premise environments, as called for in the report described in paragraph (1); and (3) information on how the Department will adapt the current capabilities of, and fu-ture enhancements to, the intrusion detec-tion and prevention system of the Depart-ment and the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Program of the Department to se-cure civilian government networks in a cloud environment. 
SEC. 1604. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this title or an amendment made by this title may be construed as— (1) conferring new authorities to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, including pro-grammatic, regulatory, or enforcement au-thorities, outside of the authorities in exist-ence on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; (2) reducing or limiting the programmatic, regulatory, or enforcement authority vested in any other Federal agency by statute; or (3) affecting in any manner the authority, existing on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act, of any other Federal agen-cy or component of the Department of Home-land Security. 
SEC. 1605. PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUND-ING. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title or the amendments made by this title. This title and the amendments made by this title shall be carried out using amounts otherwise au-thorized. TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS Subtitle A—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 1701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL. 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the Office of the Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security $175,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019. 
SEC. 1702. CANINE TEAMS. 
Components of the Department of Home-land Security may request additional canine teams when there is a justified and docu-mented shortage and such additional canine teams would be effective for drug detection or to enhance security. 
SEC. 1703. REPORT ON RESOURCE REQUIRE-MENTS TO RESPOND TO CONGRES-SIONAL REQUESTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (2) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on requests made by Congress to the Department that shall in-clude, with respect to the fiscal year pre-ceding the report or, if available, the pre-ceding 5 fiscal years— (1) the total number of congressional re-quests to the Department, including a break-down of the number of requests made by committees, subcommittees, and caucuses; (2) the total number of congressional re-sponses for which the Department was re-quired to prepare, including a breakdown of the number of hearings, briefings, and out-reach events for the Department and each component of the Department; (3) the total number of requests for similar or duplicative briefings, hearings, and other events that were made by multiple commit-tees of Congress, including— (A) a breakdown of the number of requests for the Department and each component of the Department; and (B) a breakdown of the number of requests for hearings by topic and by the requesting committees and subcommittees of Congress; (4) the total number of written testimony before committees and reports that the De-partment had to prepare for or respond to, including— (A) a breakdown of the number of written testimony before committees and reports that the Department and each component of the Department had to prepare for or re-spond to; and (B) a breakdown of the number of written testimony before committees and reports that the Department and each component of the Department had to prepare for or re-spond to by topic, as determined by the Sec-retary; (5) the total number and a list of congres-sional document requests and subpoenas sent to the Department, including all pending document requests and subpoenas, includ-ing— (A) whether a request is currently pending; (B) how long it took the Department to re-spond fully to each request, or, for pending requests, how long the request has been out-standing; and (C) the reason for any response time great-er than 90 days from the date on which the original request was received; (6) the total number and a list of congres-sional questions for the record sent to the Department, including all pending questions for the record, including— (A) whether a question for the record is currently pending; (B) how long it took the Department to re-spond fully to each question for the record, or, for pending questions for the record, how long the request has been outstanding; and (C) the reason for any response time great-er than 90 days from the date on which the original question for the record was received; and (7) the total number and a list of congres-sional letter requests for information, not including requests for documents or ques-tions for the record, sent to the Department, including all pending requests for informa-tion, including— (A) whether the request for information is currently pending; (B) how long it took the Department to re-spond fully to each request for information, or, pending requests for information, how long the request has been outstanding; and (C) the reason for any response time great-er than 90 days from the date on which the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00290 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3685 June 11, 2018 
original request for information was re-ceived; and (8) any additional information as deter-mined by the Secretary. (c) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall termi-nate on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1704. REPORT ON COOPERATION WITH THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA TO COMBAT ILLICIT OPIOID SHIP-MENTS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the At-torney General and the Secretary of State, shall submit to Congress a report on current and planned cooperation with the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China to end opioid smuggling, including through on-line sellers, which shall include a discussion of— (1) plans to leverage high-level partner-ships with Chinese officials established through the United States–China Law En-forcement and Cybersecurity Dialogue to combat the shipment of illicit opioids to the United States; (2) the current status and expected time frame for scheduling additional illicit opioids as illegal; (3) the current status and expected time frame for shutting down smuggling routes and methods, including online sellers located in China; and (4) any additional forums or diplomatic channels that should be used to further co-operation with other foreign governments to combat illicit opioid shipments. Subtitle B—Commission to Review the Con-gressional Oversight of the Department of Homeland Security 
SEC. 1711. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Congres-sional Commission to Review the Congres-sional Oversight of the Department of Home-land Security Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1712. ESTABLISHMENT. 
There is established in the legislative branch a commission to be known as the ‘‘Congressional Commission to Review Con-gressional Oversight of the Department of Homeland Security’’ (in this subtitle re-ferred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
SEC. 1713. MEMBERS OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) M EMBERS .—The Commission shall be composed of 6 members, of whom— (1) 1 member shall be appointed by the Ma-jority Leader of the Senate, in consultation with the leader of the House of Representa-tives who is a member of the political party of which the Majority Leader is a member, who shall serve as chairperson of the Com-mission; (2) 1 member shall be appointed by the Mi-nority Leader of the Senate, in consultation with the leader of the House of Representa-tives who is a member of the political party of which the Minority Leader is a member, who shall serve as vice chairperson of the Commission; (3) 1 member shall be appointed by the Ma-jority Leader of the Senate; (4) 1 member shall be appointed by the Mi-nority Leader of the Senate; (5) 1 member shall be appointed by the Ma-jority Leader of the House of Representa-tives; and (6) 1 member shall be appointed by the Mi-nority Leader of the House of Representa-tives. (b) E
XPERTISE .—In making appointments under this section, the individual making the appointment shall give consideration to— (1) individuals with expertise in homeland security and congressional oversight; and (2) individuals with prior senior leadership experience in the executive or legislative branch. (c) TIMING OF APPOINTMENTS .—Appoint- ments to the Commission shall be made not later than 45 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (d) T
ERMS ; VACANCIES .—Each member shall be appointed for the duration of the Commis-sion. Any vacancy in the Commission shall not affect the powers of the Commission, and shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. (e) C
OMPENSATION .—Members of the Com-mission shall serve without pay. (f) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—Each member of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commission. (g) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—The appro-priate Federal agencies or departments shall cooperate with the Commission in expedi-tiously providing to the members and em-ployees of the Commission appropriate secu-rity clearances to the extent possible, pursu-ant to existing procedures and requirements, except that no person shall be provided with access to classified information under this subtitle without the appropriate security clearances. 
SEC. 1714. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) S TUDY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOME-
LAND SECURITY .—The Commission shall con-duct a comprehensive study of the congres-sional oversight of the Department of Home-land Security, including its components, subcomponents, directorates, agencies, and any other entities within the Department to— (1) review the congressional oversight of the Department of Homeland Security; and (2) make recommendations on how con-gressional committee jurisdictions in the Senate and House of Representatives could be modified to promote homeland security and the efficiency and congressional over-sight of the Department. (b) R
EPORT .—Upon the affirmative vote of not less than 4 of the members of the Com-mission, the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the Com-mission based on the study carried out under subsection (a), together with the rec-ommendations of the Commission for such legislation or administrative actions as the Commission considers appropriate in light of the results of the study. (c) D
EADLINE .—The Commission shall sub-mit the report under subsection (b) not later than 9 months after the date on which a ma-jority of the members of the Commission are appointed. 
SEC. 1715. OPERATION AND POWERS OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) E XECUTIVE BRANCH ASSISTANCE .—The heads of the following agencies shall advise and consult with the Commission on matters within their respective areas of responsi-bility: (1) The Department of Homeland Security. (2) The Department of Justice. (3) The Department of State. (4) The Office of Management and Budget. (5) Any other agency, as determined by the Commission. (b) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet— (1) not later than 30 days after the date on which a majority of the members of the Commission have been appointed; and (2) at such times thereafter, at the call of the chairperson or vice chairperson. (c) RULES OF PROCEDURE .—The chairperson and vice chairperson shall, with the approval of a majority of the members of the Commis-sion, establish written rules of procedure for the Commission, which shall include a quorum requirement to conduct the business of the Commission. (d) H
EARINGS .—The Commission may, for the purpose of carrying out this subtitle, hold hearings, sit, and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. (e) C
ONTRACTS .—The Commission may con-tract with and compensate government and private agencies or persons for any purpose necessary to enable it to carry out this sub-title. (f) M
AILS.—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other agencies of the Federal Government. (g) G
IFTS.—The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-ices or property. (h) A
SSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (1) G
ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION .— The Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission on a reimburs-able basis administrative support and other services for the performance of the functions of the Commission. (2) O
THER DEPARTMENTS AND AGENCIES .—In addition to the assistance under paragraph (1), departments and agencies of the United States may provide to the Commission such services, funds, facilities, staff, and other support services as they may determine ad-visable and as may be authorized by law. 
SEC. 1716. FUNDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b) and the availability of appropriations, at the request of the chairperson of the Commis-sion, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall transfer funds, as specified in advance in appropriations Acts and in a total amount not to exceed $1,000,000, to the Commission for purposes of carrying out the activities of the Commission as provided in this subtitle. (b) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts transferred to the Commission under sub-section (a) shall remain available until the date on which the Commission terminates. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON NEWFUNDING .—No addi- tional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for the Department of Homeland Security and transferred under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1717. PERSONNEL. 
(a) E XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The Commission shall have an Executive Director who shall be appointed by the chairperson with the concurrence of the vice chairperson. The Ex-ecutive Director shall be paid at a rate of pay established by the chairperson and vice chairperson, not to exceed the annual rate of basic pay payable for level V of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. (b) S
TAFF OF THE COMMISSION .—The Execu-tive Director of the Commission may appoint and fix the pay of additional staff as the Ex-ecutive Director considers appropriate. (c) D
ETAILEES .—Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Commission without reimbursement from the Commis-sion, and such detailee shall retain the rights, status, and privileges of his or her regular employment without interruption. (d) C
ONSULTANT SERVICES .—The Commis-sion is authorized to procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid a person occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00291 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3686 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 1718. TERMINATION. 
The Commission shall terminate not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. Subtitle C—Technical and Conforming Amendments 
SEC. 1731. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO THE HOMELAND SECURITY ACT OF 2002. 
(a) T ITLE IV.—Title IV of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) is amended as follows: (1) In section 427 (6 U.S.C. 235), by striking subsection (c). (2) By striking section 431 (6 U.S.C. 239). (3) In section 476 (6 U.S.C. 296)— (A) by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘United States Citizenship and Immigration Services’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Border Se-curity’’ each place the term appears and in-serting ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement’’. (4) In section 478 (6 U.S.C. 298)— (A) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
ANNUAL REPORT ON ’’ before ‘‘ IMMIGRATION ’’; (B) by striking subsection (b); (C) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘R
EPORT .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘One year’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EPORT .—One year’’; and (ii) by redesignating paragraph (2) as sub-section (b) and adjusting the margin accord-ingly; and (D) in subsection (b), as so redesignated— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘M
ATTER IN -
CLUDED ’’ and inserting ‘‘M ATTER INCLUDED ’’; and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (H) as paragraphs (1) through (8), re-spectively, and adjusting the margin accord-ingly. (b) T
ITLE VIII.—Section 812 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2222; 5 U.S.C. App., note to section 6 of Public Law 95–452) is amended as follows: (1) By redesignating such section 812 as section 811. (2) By striking subsections (a) and (c). (3) In subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘(as added by subsection (a) of this section)’’ each place it appears; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) as subsections (b), (c), and (d), respec-tively, and adjusting the margin accord-ingly; (C) in paragraph (1), by redesignating sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and adjusting the margin accordingly; and (D) by striking ‘‘(b) P
ROMULGATION OF INI-
TIAL GUIDELINES .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In this subsection’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section’’. (4) In subsection (b), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘I
N GENERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘I N G
ENERAL ’’. (5) In subsection (c), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS ’’. (6) In subsection (d), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘N
O LAPSE OF AUTHORITY ’’ and in- serting ‘‘N
OLAPSE OF AUTHORITY ’’. (c) T
ITLE IX.—Section 903(a) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 493(a)) is amended in the subsection heading by strik-ing ‘‘M
EMBERS —’’ and inserting ‘‘M EMBERS .— ’’. (d) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 is amended as follows: (1) By striking the item relating to section 478 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 478. Annual report on immigration functions.’’. (2) By striking the items relating to sec-tions 811 and 812 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 811. Law enforcement powers of In-spector General agents.’’. SA 2672. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. UNITED STATES TRANSPORTATION COMMAND ASSESSMENTS OF TRANS-PORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—In coordination with the Secretary of Transportation, the Commander of the United States Transpor-tation Command shall make available to the appropriate congressional committees a de-scription and assessment of the condition of the defense transportation sector functions, systems, assets, and dependencies as they re-late to supporting Department of Defense operational capabilities and assets, including any related Transportation Engineering Agency Infrastructure Assessments. (b) I
DENTIFICATION OF RESOURCE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—In coordination with the Secretary of Transportation, the Commander shall identify and submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees consolidated and prioritized resource requirements for trans-portation infrastructure at the same time the President submits to Congress the budg-et for the next fiscal year under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. The submis-sion from the Commander shall include a synopsis of the En Route Infrastructure Mas-ter Plan and other information necessary to provide a single source comprehensive set of resource requirements for transportation in-frastructure. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the congressional defense commit-tees, the Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2673. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. NATIONAL DEFENSE ACCELERATOR NETWORK PILOT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Defense Innovation Unit Experimental (DIUx) has spurred investment from private venture capital into new non-traditional companies that focus on national defense so-lutions. Since June 2016, seven startups sup-ported by Defense Innovation Unit Experi-mental have raised close to $720,000,000 in subsequent rounds of private venture capital funding. (2) An innovation ecosystem can be devel-oped based on a hub and spoke network closely aligned to public research univer-sities in partnership with the government and private capital. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) while Defense Innovation Unit Experi-mental has been able to attract early stage private capital to dual-use start-ups, more needs to be done to re-establish a dual use innovation ecosystem in the United States similar to what was created in the 1950s and early 1960s in radar and microelectronics technologies; (2) this older ecosystem eventually evolved into the globally dominant commercial in-formation technology industry primarily based in Silicon Valley but was initially jump-started based on a partnership between the Government, leading universities, and the private sector; and (3) new innovation networks should be de-veloped and incubated that would be com-prised of emerging non-traditional defense companies to enable the Department of De-fense to stabilize and then hopefully begin to close the digital and technological gap that is beginning to emerge in many key areas with United States competitors. (c) P
ILOT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a pilot program to assess inno-vation network capabilities. (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF NETWORK .—In car- rying out the pilot program required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall establish a network of the dual-use startups produced under the pilot program. Such network would be known as the ‘‘National Defense Accelerator Network’’. (3) I
NITIAL TEST PHASE .—In carrying out the pilot program required by paragraph (1), the Secretary may carry out an initial test phase at one leading university that— (A) has an established leadership team that is intimately familiar with the workings of In-Q-Tel and Defense Innovation Unit Exper-imental; and (B) has established relationships with lead-ing venture capital firms and other sources of early stage financial capital. (4) P
RODUCING DUAL -USE STARTUPS .—The pilot program required by paragraph (1) shall be a pilot program to assess the ability to produce dual-use startups focused on priority defense technology that attract seed and round A financing from premier venture cap-ital firms in the United States. (5) S
CALABILITY .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the pilot program conducted under paragraph (1) is designed to be scalable and, if successful, enlarged to consist of at least 10 and not more than 20 leading regionally- based public research universities. (d) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not less fre-quently than once every six months for the first two years of the pilot program con-ducted under subsection (c), the Secretary shall brief the congressional defense commit-tees on the progress of the Secretary in car-rying out the pilot program. (e) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for the Industrial Base Analysis and Sustainment program (IBAS), Defense Inno-vation Unit Experimental, the Rapid Innova-tion Fund (RIF), and for any purpose relat-ing to strengthening and improving the de-fense industrial base, $5,000,000 shall be avail-able to carry out the pilot program required by subsection (c). 
SA 2674. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00292 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.090 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3687 June 11, 2018 
amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. MODIFICATION TO RECOVERY OF EX-CESS RIFLES, AMMUNITION, AND PARTS GRANTED TO FOREIGN COUN-TRIES AND TRANSFER TO CERTAIN PERSONS. 
Section 40728B(a)(1)(A) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘pro-vided to any country’’ and inserting ‘‘sold to any country through foreign military sales or provided’’. 
SA 2675. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1250. SENSE OF SENATE ON INCORPORA-TION OF NAVAL PROPULSION AND TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS MANUFAC-TURED IN THE UNITED STATES INTO THE NAVAL VESSELS OF UNITED STATES ALLIES IN THE INDO-PA-CIFIC REGION. 
It is the sense of the Senate that, con-sistent with the Conventional Arms Transfer Policy of the United States Government re-cently updated to promote policies that strengthen our allies and partners around the world and preserve peace while creating American manufacturing jobs— (1) it is in the interest of the United States that naval propulsion and technology sys-tems manufactured in the United States be incorporated into warships of navies of close allies of the United States, including Aus-tralia, Canada, India, South Korea, Taiwan, and other countries pursuing the moderniza-tion of their fleets; and (2) naval cooperation arising from the in-corporation of such systems into such war-ships will— (A) help guarantee interoperability and commonality of warfighting systems be-tween the United States and our allies in the Indo-Pacific region; and (B) promote the expansion of the dyna-mism and innovation of the defense industry manufacturing supply chain in the United States. 
SA 2676. Mr. MENENDEZ (for him-self, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. U DALL , and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. DISCLOSURE OF PRIVATE BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS WITH FOREIGN PER-SONS. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) D
ISCLOSURE OF PRIVATE BUSINESS  T
RANSACTIONS WITHFOREIGN PERSONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than every 90 days, each covered officer shall dis-close to the public any covered private busi-ness transaction during the preceding 90 days between— ‘‘(A)(i) the covered officer; ‘‘(ii) the spouse of the covered officer; or ‘‘(iii) a covered private business with re-spect to the covered officer; and ‘‘(B) a foreign person. ‘‘(2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—For any private business transaction disclosed under paragraph (1), the covered officer shall in-clude in the disclosure the following: ‘‘(A) The name of the foreign person with which the transaction was conducted. ‘‘(B) The amount of any funds received from or owed to the foreign person. ‘‘(C) The date of the transaction. ‘‘(D) A detailed summary of the purpose of the transaction. ‘‘(E) The name of any United States entity through which the transaction was processed or funds relating to the transaction were transferred. ‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION .—Any disclosure made under paragraph (1) shall be made available on the publicly available internet website of the Department of the Treasury. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) C
OVERED OFFICER .—The term ‘covered officer’ means the President, the Vice Presi-dent, and each member of the Committee. ‘‘(B) C
OVERED PRIVATE BUSINESS .—The term ‘covered private business’— ‘‘(i) means— ‘‘(I) a sole proprietorship or business entity in which a covered officer or the spouse of the covered officer holds an ownership inter-est; and ‘‘(II) an entity in which— ‘‘(aa) a covered officer holds a position re-quired to be reported under section 102(a)(6) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); or ‘‘(bb) the spouse of the covered officer holds a position that would be required to be reported under section 102(a)(6) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) if it were a position held by the covered officer; ‘‘(ii) includes any private entity for which the covered officer is required to report an ownership interest of the covered officer or the spouse of the covered officer under sec-tion 102(a)(3) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and ‘‘(iii) does not include— ‘‘(I) a publicly traded entity; or ‘‘(II) an entity described in clause (i)(I) or (ii) if the ownership interest is held in a qualified blind trust, as defined in section 101(f)(3) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(C) C
OVERED PRIVATE BUSINESS TRANS -
ACTION .—The term ‘covered private business transaction’ means— ‘‘(i) the exchange of anything with a value of more than $200; and ‘‘(ii) incurring a liability that would be re-quired to be reported under section 102(a)(4) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) if it were a liability of the cov-ered officer.’’. SA 2677. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1107. EXTENSION OF OVERTIME RATE AU-THORITY FOR DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY EMPLOYEES PERFORMING WORK ABOARD OR DOCKSIDE IN SUPPORT OF THE NUCLEAR-POW-ERED AIRCRAFT CARRIER FORWARD DEPLOYED IN JAPAN. 
Section 5542(a)(6)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. 
SA 2678. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1239. REPORT ON SECTION 231 OF THE COUNTERING RUSSIAN INFLUENCE IN EUROPE AND EURASIA ACT OF 2017. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a baseline report that describes those persons that the President has determined under section 231 of the Countering Russian Influence in Eu-rope and Eurasia Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9525) have knowingly engaged, on or after August 2, 2017, in a significant transaction with a person that is part of, or operates for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federa-tion, as defined in guidance required under subsection (d) of that section. (b) U
PDATES .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 30 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an update to the report required by subsection (a). (c) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by subsection (a) or (b) shall contain the fol-lowing: (1) A list of persons that the President has determined under section 231 of the Coun-tering Russian Influence in Europe and Eur-asia Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9525) have know-ingly engaged, on or after August 2, 2017, in a significant transaction with a person that is part of, or operates for or on behalf of, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00293 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.007 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3688 June 11, 2018 
defense or intelligence sectors of the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation, as defined in guidance required under subsection (d) of that section. (2) A year-by-year and country-by-country description of purchases from persons de-scribed in paragraph (1), dating back to Au-gust 2, 2012. (3) A description of the significant trans-actions described in subsection (a), includ-ing, for each such transaction, types of ma-terial and equipment involved, the monetary value of the transaction, and the duration of any contract involved. (4) A description of the diplomatic efforts by the United States to persuade persons to no longer conduct significant transactions with persons that are part of, or operate for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation, as defined in guidance required under subsection (d) of such section 231. (5) A description of significant trans-actions with persons that are part of, or op-erate for or on behalf of, the defense or intel-ligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation that the United States was able to persuade, through diplomatic ef-forts, persons not to pursue, including a de-scription of each such transaction and the monetary value of the transaction. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 221 of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9521). 
SA 2679. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1239. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON IMPLEMEN-TATION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO DEFENSE AND INTEL-LIGENCE SECTORS OF RUSSIAN FED-ERATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent— (1) should acknowledge that the defense and intelligence sectors of the Russian Fed-eration attacked the United States demo-cratic process in 2016 and continue such ac-tivity to this day; (2) should reiterate that the purpose of sec-tion 231 of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9525) is to target those sectors with sanctions until the Government of the Russian Federa-tion has made significant efforts to reduce the number and intensity of cyber intrusions conducted by that Government; (3) should fully implement all mandatory provisions of the Countering America’s Ad-versaries Through Sanctions Act (Public Law 115–144; 131 Stat. 866); (4) should use the leverage provided in such section 231 to ensure that persons substan-tially reduce significant transactions with persons that are part of, or operate for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federa-tion, as defined in guidance required under subsection (d) of such section; and (5) as provided for in subsection (c) of such section, may delay the imposition of sanc-tions under subsection (a) of such section with respect to a person if the President cer-tifies to the appropriate congressional com-mittees (as defined in section 221 of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9521)), not less frequently than every 180 days while the delay is in effect, that the person is substan-tially reducing the number of significant transactions described in subsection (a) of such section 231 in which that person en-gages. SA 2680. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1226. REPORT ON NON-DEFENSE AND NON- HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE IN SYRIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Administrator for the United States Agency for International Development shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the sta-tus of non-defense and non-humanitarian United States assistance in Syria. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A statement of United States objec-tives, and any recent changes to objectives, for non-defense and non-humanitarian assist-ance in Syria. (2) A statement of United States policy re-garding the intent of the United States Gov-ernment with respect to assistance for the activities and mission of the White Helmets in Syria. (3) A list of non-defense and non-humani-tarian programs and summary of activities funded by United States assistance in Syria for the last three fiscal years. (4) A list of non-defense and non-humani-tarian programs and summary of activities in Syria terminating in the current fiscal year, the anticipated timeline for closure, and a summary of the discussions with do-nors and beneficiaries regarding the draw-down of United States assistance and closure of United States programs and activities. (5) A discussion of possible impacts of clo-sure of non-defense and non-humanitarian United States assistance in northwest and northeast Syria, including— (A) countering violent extremism; (B) employment and unemployment of Syr-ians; (C) security in local Syrian communities, including support to moderate armed opposi-tion; (D) self-governance in liberated areas; (E) refugee-hosting countries; and (F) implications of withdrawal of non-hu-manitarian and non-defense United States assistance on plans and activities of other donors. (c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) may be submitted in classified form, but shall include an unclassified annex. (d) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2681. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. COMPREHENSIVE INTERNATIONAL STRATEGY FOR COMBATTING TRAF-FICKING OF HEROIN AND FENTANYL. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) there is an opioid epidemic in the United States with more than 42,000 deaths in 2016 from opioid overdose, more than any previous year in history, according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention; (2) more than 20,000 of the 42,000 opioid-re-lated deaths in 2016 were caused by fentanyl and fentanyl-like synthetic opioids, and nearly 15,500 were caused by heroin; (3) the majority of illicit heroin and fentanyl in the United States enters through the 7,500 miles of shared border with Canada and Mexico, and 93 percent of the illicit her-oin in the United States originates in Mex-ico; (4) China produces 90 percent of the world’s supply of the extremely dangerous and ad-dictive synthetic opioid fentanyl and illegal shipments of fentanyl are increasingly enter-ing the United States by mail from China; (5) the strategic partnership between the United States Government, the Government of Mexico, and the Government of Canada, which must be based on mutual respect and the promotion of shared democratic values and principles, is essential to upholding na-tional security and economic well-being of the United States; (6) robust cooperation between the United States Government, the Government of Mex-ico, the Government of Canada, and the Gov-ernment of China is indispensable to address-ing the trafficking of illicit heroin and fentanyl into the United States; and (7) the activities described in this section are intended to complement the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198), which— (A) was signed into law on July 22, 2016; (B) authorized over $181,000,000 to respond to the United States epidemic of opioid abuse; and (C) increases prevention programs and the availability of treatment programs. (b) S
TRATEGY .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with appropriate Federal agen-cies, shall develop a multiyear international strategy— (1) to address the illicit cultivation of poppy flowers, including through eradi-cation; (2) to promote alternative economic oppor-tunities for individuals and communities in-volved in the illicit cultivation of poppy flowers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00294 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.020 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3689 June 11, 2018 
(3) to increase controls for precursor chemicals utilized for the production of il-licit heroin and fentanyl; (4) to decommission laboratories utilized for the production of illicit heroin and fentanyl; (5) to combat the activities transnational criminal organizations involved in the pro-duction and trafficking of illicit heroin and fentanyl; (6) to interdict the trafficking of illicit heroin and fentanyl; (7) to advance the investigation, detention, and prosecution of the senior members of transnational criminal organizations in-volved in the production and trafficking of illicit heroin and fentanyl; (8) to strengthen the capacity of judicial and law enforcement institutions in order to advance the activities described in para-graph (7); (9) to carry out the judicial and internal oversight reforms necessary to reduce cor-ruption in foreign agencies and security forces charged with combating heroin and fentanyl trafficking; (10) to pursue the extradition of the senior members of transnational criminal organiza-tions involved in the production and traf-ficking of illicit heroin and fentanyl; (11) to carry out special financial inves-tigations to identify and track the illicit fi-nancial proceeds from and money laundering related to heroin and fentanyl trafficking; and (12) to combat the illegal smuggling of arms and bulk cash that fuel the illicit nar-cotics trade and the activities of transnational criminal organizations. (c) S
UBMITTAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit the strategy required by subsection (b) to— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (d) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required by subsection (b) shall include a description of efforts to address the international traf-ficking of illicit heroin and fentanyl and re-lated precursor chemicals— (1) at seaports, airports, and ports of entry; (2) in maritime and land-based trafficking routes; and (3) through international and United States postal services. (e) A
GENCIES INVOLVED .—The strategy re-quired by subsection (b) shall include input from— (1) the United States Agency for Inter-national Development; (2) the Department of Treasury; (3) the Department of Justice; (4) the Department of Homeland Security; (5) the Department of Defense; (6) the Drug Enforcement Administration; (7) the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Fire-arms and Explosives; (8) the Federal Bureau of Investigations; and (9) the United States Postal Service. (f) G
EOGRAPHIC SCOPE.—The strategy re-quired by subsection (b) shall— (1) describe necessary cooperation with the Government of Mexico and the Government of Canada; (2) describe necessary coordination with the Government China; and (3) include information from consultations with the Government of Mexico, the Govern-ment of Canada, and the Government of China. (g) ADDITIONAL PRIORITIZATION .—While maintaining the principal focus on heroin and fentanyl, the strategy required by sub-section (b) shall also prioritize programs and initiatives that address challenges posed by use of other illicit narcotics, including co-caine and methamphetamine. (h) C
OORDINATION .—The Assistant Sec-retary of State for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs shall— (1) lead the interagency process to coordi-nate implementation of the strategy re-quired by subsection (b); (2) routinely consult with Congress and provide timely information about the activi-ties of all participating agencies of the Gov-ernment to carry out such strategy; and (3) lead engagement with multilateral or-ganizations and institutions, foreign govern-ments, and domestic and international civil society organizations. (i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of State $150,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 to carry out the activities set forth in the strategy re-quired by subsection(b) in accordance with this section. (2) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), amounts appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to para-graph (1) may not be obligated until 15 days after the date on which the President pro-vides notice to the committees described in subsection (c) of intent to obligate such funds. (B) W
AIVER .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may waive subparagraph (A) if the Secretary of State determines that such requirement would pose a substantial risk to human health or welfare. (ii) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—If a waiv-er is invoked under clause (i), the President shall notify the committees described in sub-section (c) of the intent to obligate funds under this section as early as practicable, but not later than three days after taking the action to which such notification re-quirement was applicable in the context of the circumstances necessitating such waiver. 
SA 2682. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. LIMITATION ON WAIVER OF NON-RECURRING COSTS FOR FOREIGN MILITARY SALES PENDING NOTICE AND WAIT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President may not issue a waiver of nonrecurring costs for for-eign military sales pursuant to section 21(e)(2)(B) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2761(e)(2)(B)) with respect to a sale to a country other than a member country of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, Australia, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Israel, or New Zealand until 15 days after providing notice of the proposed waiver to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives. (b) ELEMENT .—The notice required by sub-section (a) shall include a detailed justifica-tion for the proposed waiver. (c) F
ORM.—Such notice shall be provided— (1) in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex; and (2) in accordance with the procedures de-scribed in section 634A of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2394). 
SA 2683. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1257. REPORT ON ARMS EMBARGO ON CY-PRUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the current impact of the United States arms embargo on the Republic of Cyprus. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A list of items that have been requested by Cyprus from the United States, but have been denied under the arms embargo referred to in such subsection. (2) An analysis of the impact that lifting the arms embargo would have on United States interests related to the island of Cy-prus and the Eastern Mediterranean region. (3) An analysis of how the arms embargo is being complied with in areas controlled by Cyprus, and in occupied northern Cyprus, and whether any party has violated the let-ter or spirit of the arms embargo. (4) An analysis of how the arms embargo against Cyprus impacts the ability of the United States and its partners to combat threats in the Mediterranean region. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SA 2684. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , and Mrs. M CCASKILL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 1715, insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00295 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.020 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3690 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 1716. CONSIDERATION BY COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES OF NATIONAL SECU-RITY EFFECTS OF TRANSACTIONS ON FOOD AND AGRICULTURE SEC-TORS. 
Section 721(f)(6) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(f)(6)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘assets’’ the following: ‘‘and assets related to the food and agriculture sectors’’. 
SA 2685. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At appropriate place in title XVI, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. ASSESSMENT BY COMPTROLLER GEN-ERAL OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMOUNT AND DISTRIBUTION OF IN-TELLIGENCE, SURVEILLANCE, AND RECONNAISSANCE RESOURCES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, the secretaries of the military departments, the commanders of the relevant combatant support agencies, and the commanders of the combatant com-mands, carry out an assessment of the amount and distribution of intelligence, sur-veillance, and reconnaissance resources across the intelligence community and the Armed Forces. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the assessment required by subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the amount and dis-tribution of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance resources across the intel-ligence community and the Armed Forces, specifically— (i) the balance of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance resources being used to support the demands of policymakers (via the intelligence community) relative to the distribution of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance being used to support the de-mands of the commanders of the combatant commands (via the military services); (ii) whether the distribution of such re-sources is optimally aligned with the Na-tional Security Strategy; and (iii) where risks are being assumed based on balancing the distribution of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance resources. (B) An assessment of the distribution of in-telligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance resources among the various combatant commands, including— (i) whether the resources are optimally aligned with the 2018 National Defense Strat-egy; and (ii) where risks are being assumed based on intelligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance resource levels. (C) An assessment of the distribution of in-telligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance resources within each combatant command, including— (i) the balance between intelligence, sur-veillance, and reconnaissance resources being used to support ongoing operations versus intelligence, surveillance, and recon-naissance resources being used to support contingency operations; and (ii) whether the resources are optimally aligned with the 2018 National Defense Strat-egy; and (iii) where risks are being assumed based on intelligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance resource levels. (D) An assessment of the effect of increas-ing the overall level of intelligence, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance resources on achieving national security objectives of the United States, as well as the effect of in-creasing the level of intelligence, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance resources for the highest priority requirements for the Direc-tor of National Intelligence and commanders of the combatant commands. (E) Recommendations for maximizing any additional intelligence, surveillance, and re-connaissance resources to support national security objectives of the United States, par-ticularly for the highest priority require-ments for the Director and the commanders of the combatant commands, as well as how most effectively to buy-down significant strategic risks. (3) FORM.—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include an unclassified summary, but may otherwise be classified, as appropriate. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to waive the requirements or applicability of section 348 of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (50 U.S.C. 3308). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SA 2686. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , and Ms. S TABENOW ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 729. REPORT ON USE BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF QUALITY MEASURES TO ASSESS MATERNAL MORTALITY AND SERIOUS MORBIDITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the use by the De-partment of Defense of quality of care meas-ures in assessing maternal and infant mor-tality and serious morbidity for active duty members of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include a comparison be-tween care provided through military treat-ment facilities and care provided by the De-partment of Defense through private sector contracts as well as a comparison of quality of care measures between care provided by the Department and care provided to civilian populations. SA 2687. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1037. EXCLUSION FROM ACTIVE-DUTY PER-SONNEL END STRENGTH LIMITA-TIONS OF CERTAIN MILITARY PER-SONNEL ASSIGNED FOR DUTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREIGN MILITARY SALES PROGRAM. 
(a) E XCLUSION .—Except as provided in sub-section (c), members of the Armed Forces on active duty who are assigned to an entity specified in subsection (b) for duty in con-nection with the Foreign Military Sales (FMS) program shall not count toward any end strength limitation for active-duty per-sonnel otherwise applicable to members of the Armed Forces on active duty. (b) S
PECIFIED ENTITIES .—The entities speci-fied in this subsection are the following: (1) The military departments. (2) The Defense Security Cooperation Agency. (3) The combatant commands. (c) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO GENERAL AND FLAG O
FFICERS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to any general or flag officer as-signed as described in that subsection. 
SA 2688. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1037. TRANSFER OF EXCESS AIR FORCE MQ– 1 PREDATOR REMOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT AND RELATED EQUIP-MENT TO DEPARTMENT OF HOME-LAND SECURITY FOR U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PATROL PURPOSES. 
(a) O FFER OF FIRST REFUSAL OUTSIDE  D
OD.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon a determination that aircraft or equipment specified in sub-section (b) is also excess to the requirements of all components of the Department of De-fense, the Secretary of the Air Force shall offer to the Secretary of Homeland Security to transfer such aircraft or equipment to the Secretary of Homeland Security for use by U.S. Customs and Border Patrol. (2) T
IMING OF OFFER .—Any offer under this subsection for aircraft or equipment shall be made before such aircraft or equipment is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00296 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.011 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3691 June 11, 2018 
otherwise disposed of outside the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) A
IRCRAFT AND EQUIPMENT .—The aircraft and equipment specified in this subsection is the following: (1) Retired MQ–1 Predator remotely piloted aircraft of the Air Force that are excess to Department of the Air Force requirements. (2) Initial spare MQ–1 Predator remotely pilot aircraft of the Air Force that are excess to such requirements. (3) Ground support equipment of the Air Force for MQ–1 Predator remotely piloted aircraft that is excess to such requirements. (c) T
RANSFER .—If the Secretary of Home-land Security accepts an offer under sub-section (a), the Secretary of the Air Force shall transfer the aircraft or equipment con-cerned to the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity. The cost of any aircraft or equipment so transferred, and the cost of transfer, shall be borne by the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity. (d) D
EMILITARIZATION .—Any aircraft or equipment transferred under this section shall be demilitarized before transfer. The cost of demilitarization shall be borne by the Secretary of the Air Force. (e) U
SE OF TRANSFERRED AIRCRAFT AND  E
QUIPMENT .—Any aircraft or equipment transferred to the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity pursuant to this section shall be used by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Patrol for border security, enforce-ment of the immigration laws, and related purposes. 
SA 2689. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW OF EFFECT OF OTHER-THAN-HONORABLE DIS-CHARGES ON VETERAN EMPLOY-MENT OUTCOMES. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Secretary of Labor, com-mence a review of the effect of discharges and releases from service in the active mili-tary, naval, or air service under conditions other than honorable on employment out-comes for veterans who were so discharged or released. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the effect of a dis-charge or release described in subsection (a) on a veteran’s employment outcomes. (2) Development of recommendations for legislative or administrative action to re-duce the negative effect of such a discharge or release on employment outcomes, includ-ing potential educational campaigns. (3) An assessment of agency outreach or other relevant efforts to inform veterans of their ability to seek a change to their char-acter of discharge through a discharge re-view board. (4) An assessment of the progress of the Secretary of Defense in implementing the recommendations of the Comptroller Gen-eral published in the Government Account-ability Office report GAO–17–260 in May of 2017 on actions needed to ensure post-trau-matic stress disorder and traumatic brain in-jury are considered in misconduct separa-tions. (5) A review and development of rec-ommended areas for improvement in the im-plementation by the Department of Defense of its August 25, 2017, clarifying guidance to Military Discharge Review Boards and Board for Correction of Military/Naval Records re-lated to mental health conditions, sexual as-sault, or sexual harassment. Such review shall include identifying statistics on the number of upgrades and discharge reliefs re-quested and granted and the average time-frame for review of such requests. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Comptroller General completes the review required by subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the re-view. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘active military, naval, or air service’’, ‘‘dis-charge or release’’, and ‘‘veteran’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 2690. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 1725(b)(4)(C), add at the end the following: (vi) The provision of support by a United States person in connection with the license of a patent, if the patent is widely licensed on a non-exclusive basis and the support is generally provided to licensees of the patent. 
SA 2691. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1233 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1233. EXTENSION OF UKRAINE SECURITY AS-SISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
Section 1250 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068), as most recently amended by section 1234 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) To assist Ukraine in improving the level of interoperability of the Ukrainian Armed Forces with the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (8); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (15) as paragraphs (8) through (14), respectively; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(15) Training and other support designed to enhance the air defense capabilities of the Ukrainian Armed Forces. ‘‘(16) Training required to maintain and employ systems and capabilities described in paragraphs (1) through (15).’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2018 pursuant to subsection (f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to subsection (f)(4)’’; (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The certification de-scribed in this paragraph is a certification by the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, that the Gov-ernment of Ukraine has taken substantial actions to make defense institutional re-forms for purposes of decreasing corruption, increasing accountability, and sustaining improvements of combat capability enabled by assistance under subsection (a). ‘‘(B) R
EFORMS .—In consideration of the certification described in this paragraph, the Secretary of Defense shall consider defense institutional reforms, including— ‘‘(i) strengthening civilian control of the military; ‘‘(ii) enhanced cooperation and coordina-tion with Verkhovna Rada efforts to exercise oversight of the Ministry of Defense and military forces; ‘‘(iii) increased transparency and account-ability in defense procurement; ‘‘(iv) improvement in transparency, ac-countability, sustainment, and inventory management in the defense industrial sector; ‘‘(v) improvement in life-cycle manage-ment; ‘‘(vi) improvement in protection of propri-etary or sensitive technologies; and ‘‘(vii) progress in strengthening the au-thority of the Ministry of Defense to enter directly into contracts with foreign defense firms and import and maintain foreign de-fense equipment. ‘‘(C) A
SSESSMENT AND METHODOLOGY .—The certification shall include an assessment of the substantial actions taken to make such defense institutional reforms and the areas in which additional action is needed and a description of the methodology used to evaluate whether Ukraine has made progress in defense institutional reforms relative to previously established goals and objec-tives.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’; (D) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) D
EFENSE INDUSTRY REFORM .—Of the amount made available for fiscal year 2019 under subsection (f), not more than $3,000,000 shall be available to provide advisory assist-ance relating to financial reform and ac-countability measures in the Ukrainian de-fense industry, including an independent audit of the state-owned defense concern of Ukraine, Ukroboronprom.’’; (4) in subsection (f), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) For fiscal year 2019, $200,000,000.’’; and (5) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00297 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.015 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3692 June 11, 2018 
SA 2692. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VI, add the following: Subtitle E—Military Lending Act and Related Matters 
SEC. 641. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Military Lending Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 642. DECREASE IN MAXIMUM AUTHORIZED ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATE ON CREDIT FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) D ECREASE IN RATE.—Section 987(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘36 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘28 per-cent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to consumer credit extended on or after such effective date. 
SEC. 643. ENHANCED PROTECTION AGAINST DEBT COLLECTOR HARASSMENT OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) C OMMUNICATION IN CONNECTION WITH D
EBT COLLECTION .—Section 805 of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 1692c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
OMMUNICATIONS CONCERNING SERVICE -
MEMBER DEBTS.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘covered member’ has the meaning given the term in section 987(i) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION .—A debt collector may not communicate, in connection with the collection of any debt, with the commanding officer or officer in charge of any covered member, including for the purpose of acquir-ing location information about the covered member.’’. (b) F
ALSE OR MISLEADING REPRESENTA -
TIONS .—Section 807 of the Fair Debt Collec-tion Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 1692e) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) The false representation to any cov-ered member, as defined in section 987(i) of title 10, United States Code, that failure to cooperate with a debt collection will result in prosecution under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. 
SEC. 644. DATA PROTECTION STANDARDS FOR CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES THAT USE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE PERSONNEL DATA. 
(a) D ETERMINATION ON ADEQUACY OF DATA P
ROTECTION STANDARDS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Federal Trade Commis-sion, determine whether or not each entity that downloads Military Lender Act bulk data from the Defense Manpower Data Cen-ter uses adequate safeguards to protect the downloaded data against breach or other po-tential misuse. The Secretary shall make the determination using a study of the practices of such entities conducted by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection. (b) T
ERMINATION OF ACCESS TO BULK D
ATA.—If pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary determines that the safeguards of an entity described in that subsection are not adequate as described in that subsection, the Secretary shall terminate the access of the entity to bulk data described in that sub-section by not later than 30 days after the date of the determination. (c) RESTORATION OF ACCESS TO BULK D
ATA.—If access of an entity to bulk data is terminated pursuant to subsection (b), the Secretary may subsequently restore access of the entity to bulk data if the Secretary determines that the entity has taken reme-dial measures to ensure that any data downloaded from such bulk data is ade-quately protected against breach or other potential misuse. 
SA 2693. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VI, add the following: Subtitle E—Military Lending Act and Related Matters 
SEC. 641. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Military Lending Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 642. DECREASE IN MAXIMUM AUTHORIZED ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATE ON CREDIT FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) D ECREASE IN RATE.—Section 987(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘36 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘24 per-cent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to consumer credit extended on or after such effective date. 
SEC. 643. ENHANCED PROTECTION AGAINST DEBT COLLECTOR HARASSMENT OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) C OMMUNICATION IN CONNECTION WITH D
EBT COLLECTION .—Section 805 of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 1692c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
OMMUNICATIONS CONCERNING SERVICE -
MEMBER DEBTS.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘covered member’ has the meaning given the term in section 987(i) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION .—A debt collector may not communicate, in connection with the collection of any debt, with the commanding officer or officer in charge of any covered member, including for the purpose of acquir-ing location information about the covered member.’’. (b) F
ALSE OR MISLEADING REPRESENTA -
TIONS .—Section 807 of the Fair Debt Collec-tion Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 1692e) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) The false representation to any cov-ered member, as defined in section 987(i) of title 10, United States Code, that failure to cooperate with a debt collection will result in prosecution under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. SEC. 644. DATA PROTECTION STANDARDS FOR CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES THAT USE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE PERSONNEL DATA. 
(a) D ETERMINATION ON ADEQUACY OF DATA P
ROTECTION STANDARDS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Federal Trade Commis-sion, determine whether or not each entity that downloads Military Lender Act bulk data from the Defense Manpower Data Cen-ter uses adequate safeguards to protect the downloaded data against breach or other po-tential misuse. The Secretary shall make the determination using a study of the practices of such entities conducted by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection. (b) T
ERMINATION OF ACCESS TO BULK D
ATA.—If pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary determines that the safeguards of an entity described in that subsection are not adequate as described in that subsection, the Secretary shall terminate the access of the entity to bulk data described in that sub-section by not later than 30 days after the date of the determination. (c) R
ESTORATION OF ACCESS TO BULK D
ATA.—If access of an entity to bulk data is terminated pursuant to subsection (b), the Secretary may subsequently restore access of the entity to bulk data if the Secretary determines that the entity has taken reme-dial measures to ensure that any data downloaded from such bulk data is ade-quately protected against breach or other potential misuse. 
SA 2694. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VI, add the following: Subtitle E—Military Lending Act and Related Matters 
SEC. 641. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Military Lending Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 642. ENHANCED PROTECTION AGAINST DEBT COLLECTOR HARASSMENT OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) C OMMUNICATION IN CONNECTION WITH D
EBT COLLECTION .—Section 805 of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 1692c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
OMMUNICATIONS CONCERNING SERVICE -
MEMBER DEBTS.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘covered member’ has the meaning given the term in section 987(i) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION .—A debt collector may not communicate, in connection with the collection of any debt, with the commanding officer or officer in charge of any covered member, including for the purpose of acquir-ing location information about the covered member.’’. (b) F
ALSE OR MISLEADING REPRESENTA -
TIONS .—Section 807 of the Fair Debt Collec-tion Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 1692e) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) The false representation to any cov-ered member, as defined in section 987(i) of title 10, United States Code, that failure to cooperate with a debt collection will result 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00298 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.014 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3693 June 11, 2018 
in prosecution under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. 
SEC. 643. DATA PROTECTION STANDARDS FOR CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES THAT USE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE PERSONNEL DATA. 
(a) D ETERMINATION ON ADEQUACY OF DATA P
ROTECTION STANDARDS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Federal Trade Commis-sion, determine whether or not each entity that downloads Military Lender Act bulk data from the Defense Manpower Data Cen-ter uses adequate safeguards to protect the downloaded data against breach or other po-tential misuse. The Secretary shall make the determination using a study of the practices of such entities conducted by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection. (b) T
ERMINATION OF ACCESS TO BULK D
ATA.—If pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary determines that the safeguards of an entity described in that subsection are not adequate as described in that subsection, the Secretary shall terminate the access of the entity to bulk data described in that sub-section by not later than 30 days after the date of the determination. (c) R
ESTORATION OF ACCESS TO BULK D
ATA.—If access of an entity to bulk data is terminated pursuant to subsection (b), the Secretary may subsequently restore access of the entity to bulk data if the Secretary determines that the entity has taken reme-dial measures to ensure that any data downloaded from such bulk data is ade-quately protected against breach or other potential misuse. 
SA 2695. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. D AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1650. COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF SECU-RITY FORCES ASSIGNED TO INTER-CONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall conduct a comprehensive review of the security forces assigned to installa-tions at which intercontinental ballistic missiles are stored. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by subsection (a) shall assess the following: (1) Reenlistment rates and officer reten-tion rates. (2) Manning levels compared to past man-ning levels and the effect of any changes over time on workload, morale, and speciali-zation. (3) Actions to improve recruitment, reten-tion, and morale, including recruitment and retention bonuses, incentive pay, and special assignment pay. (4) The effect of the quality of working conditions, facilities, and equipment on mo-rale. (5) The extent to which personnel policies related to assignments, promotion timelines, performance evaluations, and other factors enable or inhibit professional development. (6) A comparison to other Armed Forces se-curity forces with respect to personnel poli-cies, manpower authorization levels, admin-istrative requirements, and degree of spe-cialization. (7) National Guard contributions and the potential to expand the use of National Guard security forces. (8) Such other matters with respect to the security forces described in subsection (a) as the Secretary of the Air Force considers ap-propriate. (c) REPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the re-sults of the review required by subsection (a). The report shall include the following: (A) The results of the review, including any findings of the Secretary as a result of the review. (B) Any changes undertaken or to be un-dertaken by the Secretary in light of the re-view. (C) Any recommendations for such legisla-tive or administration action as the Sec-retary considers appropriate in light of the review. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
SA 2696. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1271. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE RUSSIAN FED-ERATION REJOINING THE G7. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Group of Seven (G7) is a group of nations consisting of Canada, France, Ger-many, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, and the United States, and which is joined by the European Union at annual G7 sum-mits. (2) The G7 states said in May 2017 in Taormina, Italy, that ‘‘we are bound to-gether by our shared values of freedom and democracy, peace, security, the rule of law, and respect for human rights. We are deter-mined to coordinate our efforts in promoting the rules-based international order and glob-al sustainable development.’’ (3) On March 24, 2014, the current group of G7 states suspended the Russian Federation from what was then the Group of Eight na-tions, in response to the Russian Federa-tion’s illegal invasion and occupation of the Ukrainian territory of Crimea. (4) The G7 states worked constructively to-ward the imposition of sanctions by the Eu-ropean Union and the United States, respec-tively, on the Russian Federation for its ag-gression against Ukraine, including the ille-gal occupation of Crimea and its violent ag-gression in the eastern part of the country. (5) Two G7 member states, France and Ger-many, in close consultation with the United States and other allies, helped to negotiate the Minsk Agreements in September 2014 and February 2015, and have worked within the Normandy Group format to further imple-mentation of these agreements by the Rus-sian Federation and Ukraine. (6) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion has failed to fulfill its obligations under the Minsk Agreements, including with re-spect to a full ceasefire, the removal of heavy weaponry, permitting the monitoring and verification of a ceasefire regime, and ensuring access for humanitarian aid to con-flict-affected individuals. (7) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion continues to illegally occupy Crimea. (8) On June 9, 2018, the President of the United States said, ‘‘It would be an asset to have Russia back in. I think it would be good for the world. I think it would be good for Russia. I think it would be good for the United States. I think it would be good for all of the countries of the current G7. I think the G8 would be better.’’. (9) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion, since 2014, has expanded its aggression and undermined democratic institutions against the United States and other coun-tries around the world, through election in-terference, cyberattacks, corrupt influence, disinformation, and other forms of malign interference. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the Sense of Congress that the President should— (1) welcome the steadfast commitment by G7 member states to the values of democ-racy, human rights, and rule of law that un-derpin the rules-based international order; (2) condemn the actions of the Government of the Russian Federation that led to its sus-pension by G7 states from the group in 2014, and which continue to the present day; (3) immediately retract his statement of June 9, 2018, in which he called for the read-mission of the Russian Federation into the G7; and (4) clearly declare that the Russian Federa-tion will not be readmitted into the G7 until it immediately ceases efforts to undermine the rules-based international order and ends its illegal occupation of Crimea. 
SA 2697. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1037. INFORMATION ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FUNDING IN DEPARTMENT PRESS RELEASES AND RELATED PUBLIC STATEMENTS ON PRO-GRAMS, PROJECTS, AND ACTIVITIES FUNDED BY THE DEPARTMENT. 
(a) I NFORMATION REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 134 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 2257 the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 2258. Department of Defense press releases and related public statements on Depart-ment funded programs, projects, and activi-ties ‘‘Any press release, statement, or other document issued to the public by the Depart-ment of Defense that describes a program, project, or activity funded, whether in whole or in part, by amounts provided by the De-partment, including any project, project, or activity of a foreign, State, or local govern-ment, shall clearly state the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00299 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.014 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3694 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(1) That the program, project, or activity is funded, in whole or in part (as applicable), by funds provided by the Department. ‘‘(2) An estimate of the amount of funding from the Department that the program, project, or activity currently receives.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II of chapter 134 of such title is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 2257 the following new item: ‘‘2258. Department of Defense press releases and related public statements on Department funded pro-grams, projects, and activi-ties.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to programs, projects, and activities funded by the Department of De-fense with amounts authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years after fiscal year 2019. 
SA 2698. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM ON CERTAIN LIM-ITED REIMBURSEMENT ARRANGE-MENTS FOR USE OF MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILITY BASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of modifying re-imbursement requirements for use of Major Range and Test Facility Bases. (b) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program during four fiscal years. (c) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at not more than six Major Range and Test Facility Bases and no more than two per military department. (d) W
AIVER OF FULL REIMBURSEMENT RE-
QUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under the pilot program, the Secretary may, as the Secretary deter-mines in the best interest of the Department of Defense, waive the requirements of section 2681(c) of title 10, United States Code, for small and medium sized businesses and not- for-profit organizations so that such busi-nesses and organizations may reimburse the Department of Defense for use of a Major Range and Test Facility Base in amounts that only cover direct costs (as defined in section 232(b) of the Bob Stump National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (116 Stat. 2490; Public Law 107–314)) to the United States associated with such use. (2) I
NDIRECT COSTS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to reimbursement for indirect costs. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—At the end of the second fiscal year of the pilot program required by subsection (a) and not later than 30 days after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the pilot program. (2) CONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) Recommendations for revisions to re-imbursement arrangements for testing and evaluation activities at Major Range and Test Facility Bases. (B) A review of authorities granted to com-manders of Major Range and Test Facility Bases. (C) An evaluation of limited reimburse-ment arrangements on the Test Resources Management Center and Major Range and Test Facility Bases. (f) M
AJOR RANGE AND TESTFACILITY BASE D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Major Range and Test Facility Base’’ means— (1) a Major Range and Test Facility Instal-lation as defined in section 2681(f) of title 10, United States Code; and (2) a Major Range and Test Facility Base as defined in section 196(i) of such title. 
SA 2699. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. J
OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle G—Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act 
SEC. 1071. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Anti- Border Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1072. HIRING FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 3 of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–376; 6 U.S.C. 221) is amended by striking subsection (b) and in-serting the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion may waive the application of subsection (a)(1) in the following circumstances: ‘‘(1) In the case of a current, full-time law enforcement officer employed by a State or local law enforcement agency, if such offi-cer— ‘‘(A) has served as a law enforcement offi-cer for not fewer than three years with no break in service; ‘‘(B) is authorized by law to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, inves-tigation, or prosecution of, or the incarcer-ation of any person for, any violation of law, and has statutory powers for arrest or appre-hension; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in crimi-nal activity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer posi-tion under investigation or in lieu of termi-nation, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement officer position; and ‘‘(D) has, within the past ten years, suc-cessfully completed a polygraph examination as a condition of employment with such offi-cer’s current law enforcement agency. ‘‘(2) In the case of a current, full-time Fed-eral law enforcement officer, if such officer— ‘‘(A) has served as a law enforcement offi-cer for not fewer than three years with no break in service; ‘‘(B) has authority to make arrests, con-duct investigations, conduct searches, make seizures, carry firearms, and serve orders, warrants, and other processes; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in crimi-nal activity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer posi-tion under investigation or in lieu of termi-nation, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement officer position; and ‘‘(D) holds a current Tier 4 background in-vestigation or current Tier 5 background in-vestigation. ‘‘(3) In the case of an individual who is a member of the Armed Forces (or a reserve component thereof) or a veteran, if such in-dividual— ‘‘(A) has served in the Armed Forces for not fewer than three years; ‘‘(B) holds, or has held within the past five years, a Secret, Top Secret, or Top Secret / Sensitive Compartmented Information clear-ance; ‘‘(C) holds, or has undergone within the past five years, a current Tier 4 background investigation or current Tier 5 background investigation; ‘‘(D) received, or is eligible to receive, an honorable discharge from service in the Armed Forces and has not engaged in crimi-nal activity or committed a serious military or civil offense under the Uniform Code of Military Justice; and ‘‘(E) was not granted any waivers to obtain the clearance referred to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(c) TERMINATION OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .— The authority to issue a waiver under sub-section (b) shall terminate on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of the Anti-Border Corruption Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2018.’’. 
SEC. 1073. SUPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AU-THORITY AND DEFINITIONS. 
(a) S UPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 4 of the Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–376) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. SUPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AU-THORITY. 
‘‘(a) N ON-EXEMPTION .—An individual who receives a waiver under subsection (b) of sec-tion 3 is not exempt from other hiring re-quirements relating to suitability for em-ployment and eligibility to hold a national security designated position, as determined by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(b) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS .—Any in- dividual who receives a waiver under sub-section (b) of section 3 who holds a current Tier 4 background investigation shall be sub-ject to a Tier 5 background investigation. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION OF POLYGRAPH EXAM-
INATION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection is authorized to ad-minister a polygraph examination to an ap-plicant or employee who is eligible for or re-ceives a waiver under subsection (b) of sec-tion 3 if information is discovered prior to the completion of a background investiga-tion that results in a determination that a polygraph examination is necessary to make a final determination regarding suitability for employment or continued employment, as the case may be.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—The Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 5. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2018, and annually thereafter while the waiver authority under section 3(b) is in ef-fect, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit a report to Congress that includes, with respect to the reporting period— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00300 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.019 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3695 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(1) the number of waivers requested, granted, and denied under section 3(b); ‘‘(2) the reasons for any denials of such waiver; ‘‘(3) the percentage of applicants who were hired after receiving a waiver; ‘‘(4) the number of instances that a poly-graph was administered to an applicant who initially received a waiver and the results of such polygraph; ‘‘(5) an assessment of the current impact of the polygraph waiver program on filling law enforcement positions at U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(6) additional authorities needed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to better uti-lize the polygraph waiver program for its in-tended goals. ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—The first report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) an analysis of other methods of em-ployment suitability tests that detect decep-tion and could be used in conjunction with traditional background investigations to evaluate potential employees for suitability; and ‘‘(2) a recommendation regarding whether a test referred to in paragraph (1) should be adopted by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion when the polygraph examination re-quirement is waived pursuant to section 3(b).’’. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—The Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010, as amended by subsection (b) of this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) F
EDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— The term ‘Federal law enforcement officer’ means a ‘law enforcement officer’, as defined in section 8331(20) or 8401(17) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘veteran’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(2) of title 38, United States Code. ‘‘(3) S
ERIOUS MILITARY OR CIVIL OFFENSE .— The term ‘serious military or civil offense’ means an offense for which— ‘‘(A) a member of the Armed Forces may be discharged or separated from service in the Armed Forces; and ‘‘(B) a punitive discharge is, or would be, authorized for the same or a closely related offense under the Manual for Courts-Martial, as pursuant to Army Regulation 635-200 chapter 14-12. ‘‘(4) T
IER 4; TIER 5 .—The terms ‘Tier 4’ and ‘Tier 5’ with respect to background inves-tigations have the meaning given such terms under the 2012 Federal Investigative Stand-ards.’’. 
SA 2700. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. T
OOMEY (for himself, Mr. C ORKER , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. K EN-
NEDY )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title XVII, add the following: 
SEC. 1734. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF REGULA-TIONS. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .— (1) P
UBLICATION AND SUBMISSION TO CON -
GRESS OF DRAFT REGULATIONS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this title, before a regula-tion prescribed by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’) to carry out this title or any amendment made by this title may take effect, the Committee shall— (i) publish in the Federal Register a list of information on which the regulation is based, including data, scientific and eco-nomic studies, and cost-benefit analyses, and identify how the public can access such in-formation online; and (ii) submit to each House of Congress and to the Comptroller General of the United States a report containing— (I) a copy of the regulation; (II) a concise general statement relating to the regulation; (III) a classification of the regulation as a major regulation or nonmajor regulation, in-cluding an explanation of the classification specifically addressing each criteria for a major regulation contained within subpara-graphs (A) through (C) of subsection (e)(1); (IV) a list of any other related regulatory actions intended to implement the same pro-vision of or amendment made by this title, as well as the individual and aggregate eco-nomic effects of those actions; and (V) the proposed effective date of the regu-lation. (B) A
DDITIONAL SUBMISSIONS .—On the date of the submission of the report under sub-paragraph (A), the Committee shall submit to the Comptroller General and make avail-able to each House of Congress— (i) a complete copy of the cost-benefit analysis of the regulation, if any, including an analysis of any jobs added or lost, dif-ferentiating between public and private sec-tor jobs; (ii) the Committee’s actions pursuant to sections 603, 604, 605, 607, and 609 of title 5, United States Code; (iii) the Committee’s actions pursuant to sections 202, 203, 204, and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995; and (iv) any other relevant information or re-quirements under any other Act and any rel-evant Executive orders. (C) C
OPIES TO COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— Upon receipt of a report submitted under subparagraph (A), each House shall provide copies of the report to the chairman and ranking member of each standing committee with jurisdiction under the rules of the House of Representatives or the Senate to report a bill to amend the provision of law under which the regulation is issued. (2) R
EPORT BY GAO .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall provide a report on each major regulation to the committees of jurisdiction by the end of 15 calendar days after the submission or publication date. The report of the Comptroller General shall in-clude an assessment of the Committee’s compliance with procedural steps required by paragraph (1)(B) and an assessment of whether the major regulation imposes any new limits or mandates on private-sector ac-tivity. (B) C
OOPERATION OF FEDERAL AGENCIES .— The Committee shall cooperate with the Comptroller General by providing informa-tion relevant to the Comptroller General’s report under subparagraph (A). (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF REGULATIONS .— (A) M
AJOR REGULATIONS .—A major regula-tion relating to a report submitted under subsection (a) shall take effect upon enact-ment of a joint resolution of approval de-scribed in subsection (c) or as provided for in the regulation following enactment of a joint resolution of approval described in sub-section (c), whichever is later. (B) NONMAJOR REGULATIONS .—A nonmajor regulation shall take effect as provided by subsection (d) after submission to Congress under paragraph (1). (4) P
ROHIBITION ON SUBSEQUENT CONSIDER -
ATION OF SAME REGULATION .—If a joint reso-lution of approval relating to a major regula-tion is not enacted within the period pro-vided in subsection (b)(2), then a joint resolu-tion of approval relating to the same regula-tion may not be considered under this sec-tion in the same Congress by either the House of Representatives or the Senate. (b) E
FFECTIVENESS OF REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A major regulation shall not take effect unless the Congress enacts a joint resolution of approval described under subsection (c). (2) E
FFECT OF NOT ENACTING JOINT RESOLU -
TION OF APPROVAL .—If a joint resolution of approval described in subsection (c) is not enacted into law by the end of 70 session days or legislative days, as applicable, begin-ning on the date on which the report referred to in subsection (a)(1)(A) is received by Con-gress (excluding days either House of Con-gress is adjourned for more than 3 days dur-ing a session of Congress), then the regula-tion described in that resolution shall be deemed not to be approved and such regula-tion shall not take effect. (3) T
EMPORARY EFFECTIVENESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section (except sub-ject to subparagraph (C)), a major regulation may take effect for one 90-calendar-day pe-riod if the President makes a determination under subparagraph (B) and submits written notice of such determination to Congress. (B) D
ETERMINATION .—Subparagraph (A) ap-plies to a determination made by the Presi-dent by Executive order that a major regula-tion should take effect because such regula-tion is— (i) necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety or other emer-gency; (ii) necessary for the enforcement of crimi-nal laws; (iii) necessary for national security; or (iv) issued pursuant to any statute imple-menting an international trade agreement. (C) E
FFECT ON OTHER PROVISIONS .—An exer- cise by the President of the authority under this paragraph shall have no effect on the procedures under subsection (c). (4) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AROUND AD -
JOURNMENTS OF CONGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the oppor-tunity for review otherwise provided under this section, in the case of any regulation for which a report was submitted in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(A) during the period beginning on the date occurring— (i) in the case of the Senate, 60 session days, or (ii) in the case of the House of Representa-tives, 60 legislative days, before the date Congress is scheduled to ad-journ a session of Congress through the date on which the same or succeeding Congress first convenes its next session, subsection (c) or (d) shall apply to such rule in the suc-ceeding session of Congress. (B) S
PECIAL RULES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In applying subsections (c) and (d) for purposes of such additional re-view, a regulation described in subparagraph (A) shall be treated as though— (I) such regulation were published in the Federal Register on— (aa) in the case of the Senate, the 15th ses-sion day, or (bb) in the case of the House of Representa-tives, the 15th legislative day, after the succeeding session of Congress first convenes; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00301 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.019 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3696 June 11, 2018 
(II) a report on such regulation were sub-mitted to Congress under subsection (a)(1) on such date. (ii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to affect the requirement under subsection (a)(1) that a report shall be submitted to Congress be-fore a regulation can take effect. (C) E
FFECT IN ACCORDANCE WITH LAW .—A regulation described in subparagraph (A) shall take effect as otherwise provided by law (including any other provision of this section). (c) C
ONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL PROCEDURE  
FORMAJOR REGULATIONS .— (1) J
OINT RESOLUTIONS .— (A) J
OINT RESOLUTION DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘‘joint res-olution’’ means only a joint resolution ad-dressing a report classifying a regulation as a major regulation pursuant to subsection (a)(1)(A)(i)(III) that— (i) bears no preamble; (ii) bears the following title (with blanks filled as appropriate): ‘‘Approving the regu-lation submitted by the Committee on For-eign Investment in the United States relat-ing to lll.’’; (iii) includes after its resolving clause only the following (with blanks filled as appro-priate): ‘‘That Congress approves the regula-tion submitted by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States relating to lll.’’; and (iv) is introduced pursuant to subpara-graph (B). (B) I
NTRODUCTION .—After a House of Con-gress receives a report classifying a regula-tion as a major regulation pursuant to sub-section (a)(1)(A)(i)(III), the majority leader of that House (or his or her respective des-ignee) shall introduce (by request, if appro-priate) a joint resolution described in sub-paragraph (A)— (i) in the case of the House of Representa-tives, within 3 legislative days, and (ii) in the case of the Senate, within 3 ses-sion days. (C) P
ROHIBITION ON AMENDMENTS .—A joint resolution described in subparagraph (A) shall not be subject to amendment at any stage of proceeding. (2) R
EFERRAL .—A joint resolution de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be referred in each House of Congress to the committees having jurisdiction over the provision of law under which the regulation is issued. (3) D
ISCHARGE IN SENATE .—In the Senate, if the committee or committees to which a joint resolution described in paragraph (1) has been referred have not reported it at the end of 15 session days after its introduction, such committee or committees shall be auto-matically discharged from further consider-ation of the resolution and it shall be placed on the calendar. A vote on final passage of the resolution shall be taken on or before the close of the 15th session day after the resolu-tion is reported by the committee or com-mittees to which it was referred, or after such committee or committees have been discharged from further consideration of the resolution. (4) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN SENATE .— (A) M
OTIONS TO PROCEED .—In the Senate, when the committee or committees to which a joint resolution is referred have reported, or when a committee or committees are dis-charged (under paragraph (3)) from further consideration of a joint resolution described in paragraph (1), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amend-ment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or dis-agreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. (B) DEBATE .—In the Senate, debate on the joint resolution, and on all debatable mo-tions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 2 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolu-tion. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to pro-ceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. (C) V
OTE ON FINAL PASSAGE .—In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint resolution described in paragraph (1), and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. (D) A
PPEALS FROM DECISIONS OF CHAIR .—Ap- peals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolu-tion described in paragraph (1) shall be de-cided without debate. (5) C
ONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REPRESENTA -
TIVES .—In the House of Representatives, if any committee to which a joint resolution described in paragraph (1) has been referred has not reported it to the House at the end of 15 legislative days after its introduction, such committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the joint resolution, and it shall be placed on the appropriate cal-endar. On the second and fourth Thursdays of each month it shall be in order at any time for the Speaker to recognize a Member who favors passage of a joint resolution that has appeared on the calendar for at least 5 legislative days to call up that joint resolu-tion for immediate consideration in the House without intervention of any point of order. When so called up a joint resolution shall be considered as read and shall be de-batable for 1 hour equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, and the previous question shall be considered as ordered to its passage without intervening motion. It shall not be in order to reconsider the vote on passage. If a vote on final pas-sage of the joint resolution has not been taken by the third Thursday on which the Speaker may recognize a Member under this subsection, such vote shall be taken on that day. (6) P
ROCEDURES UPON RECEIPT OF RESOLU -
TION FROM OTHER HOUSE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If, before passing a joint resolution described in paragraph (1), one House receives from the other a joint resolu-tion having the same text, then— (i) the joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee; and (ii) the procedure in the receiving House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House until the vote on passage, when the joint resolu-tion received from the other House shall sup-plant the joint resolution of the receiving House. (B) R
EVENUE MEASURES .—This paragraph shall not apply to the House of Representa-tives if the joint resolution received from the Senate is a revenue measure. (7) F
INAL VOTE .—If either House has not taken a vote on final passage of the joint res-olution by the last day of the period de-scribed in subsection (b)(2), then such vote shall be taken on that day. (8) RULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—This subsection and subsection (d) are enacted by Congress— (A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, and as such are deemed to be part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution described in para-graph (1) and superseding other rules only where explicitly so; and (B) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as they relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. (d) C
ONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL PROCE -
DURE FOR NONMAJOR REGULATIONS .— (1) J
OINT RESOLUTION DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘‘joint resolu-tion’’ means only a joint resolution intro-duced in the period beginning on the date on which the report referred to in subsection (a)(1)(A) is received by Congress and ending 60 days thereafter (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Congress), the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That Congress disapproves the nonmajor regulation submitted by the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States relating to lll, and such regulation shall have no force or effect.’’ (The blank spaces being appropriately filled in). (2) R
EFERRAL .—A joint resolution de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be referred to the committees in each House of Congress with jurisdiction. (3) D
ISCHARGE IN SENATE .—In the Senate, if the committee to which is referred a joint resolution described in paragraph (1) has not reported such joint resolution (or an iden-tical joint resolution) at the end of 15 session days after the date of introduction of the joint resolution, such committee may be dis-charged from further consideration of such joint resolution upon a petition supported in writing by 30 Members of the Senate, and such joint resolution shall be placed on the calendar. (4) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— (A) M
OTIONS TO PROCEED .—In the Senate, when the committee to which a joint resolu-tion is referred has reported, or when a com-mittee is discharged (under paragraph (3)) from further consideration of a joint resolu-tion described in paragraph (1), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a pre-vious motion to the same effect has been dis-agreed to) for a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint reso-lution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amendment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consider-ation of other business. A motion to recon-sider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished busi-ness of the Senate until disposed of. (B) D
EBATE .—In the Senate, debate on the joint resolution, and on all debatable mo-tions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolu-tion. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to pro-ceed to the consideration of other business, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00302 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.016 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3697 June 11, 2018 
or a motion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. (C) V
OTE ON FINAL PASSAGE .—In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint resolution described in paragraph (1), and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. (D) A
PPEALS FROM DECISIONS OF THE  
CHAIR .—Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. (5) S
PECIAL RULE IN SENATE .—In the Sen-ate, the procedure specified in paragraph (3) or (4) shall not apply to the consideration of a joint resolution respecting a nonmajor reg-ulation— (A) after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning with the applicable submis-sion or publication date; or (B) if the report under subsection (a)(1)(A) was submitted during the period referred to in subsection (b)(2), after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning on the 15th ses-sion day after the succeeding session of Con-gress first convenes. (6) R
ECEIPT OF RESOLUTION FROM OTHER  
HOUSE .—If, before the passage by one House of a joint resolution of that House described in paragraph (1), that House receives from the other House a joint resolution described in paragraph (1), then the following proce-dures shall apply: (A) The joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee. (B) With respect to a joint resolution de-scribed in paragraph (1) of the House receiv-ing the joint resolution— (i) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been re-ceived from the other House; but (ii) the vote on final passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
AJOR REGULATION .—The term ‘‘major regulation’’ means any regulation, including an interim final rule, that the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Management and Budget finds has resulted in or is likely to result in— (A) an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more; (B) a major increase in costs or prices for consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local government agencies, or geo-graphic regions; or (C) significant adverse effects on competi-tion, employment, investment, productivity, innovation, or the ability of United States- based enterprises to compete with foreign- based enterprises in domestic and export markets. (2) N
ONMAJOR REGULATION .—The term ‘‘nonmajor regulation’’ means any regula-tion that is not a major regulation. (3) R
EGULATION .—The term ‘‘regulation’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘rule’’ in section 551 of title 5, United States Code, ex-cept that such term does not include— (A) any rule of particular applicability, in-cluding a rule that approves or prescribes for the future rates, wages, prices, services, or allowances therefore, corporate or financial structures, reorganizations, mergers, or ac-quisitions thereof, or accounting practices or disclosures bearing on any of the foregoing; (B) any rule relating to agency manage-ment or personnel; or (C) any rule of agency organization, proce-dure, or practice that does not substantially affect the rights or obligations of non-agency parties. (4) SUBMISSION OF PUBLICATION DATE .—The term ‘‘submission or publication date’’, ex-cept as otherwise provided in this section, means— (A) in the case of a major regulation, the date on which Congress receives the report submitted under subsection (a)(1); and (B) in the case of a nonmajor regulation, the later of— (i) the date on which the Congress receives the report submitted under subsection (a)(1); and (ii) the date on which the nonmajor regula-tion is published in the Federal Register, if so published. (f) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No determination, find-ing, action, or omission under this section shall be subject to judicial review. (2) D
ETERMINATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH RE -
QUIREMENTS .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), a court may determine whether the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States has completed the necessary require-ments under this section for a regulation de-scribed in subsection (a)(1)(A) to take effect. (3) E
FFECT .—The enactment of a joint reso-lution of approval under subsection (c) shall not be interpreted to serve as a grant or modification of statutory authority by Con-gress for the promulgation of a regulation, shall not extinguish or affect any claim, whether substantive or procedural, against any alleged defect in a regulation, and shall not form part of the record before the court in any judicial proceeding concerning a regu-lation except for purposes of determining whether or not the regulation is in effect. 
SA 2701. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 10ll. REPORTS ON IMPLEMENTATION BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS OF RECOMMENDATIONS OF COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) B IENNIAL REPORT ON ACTIONS TAKEN TO  A
DDRESS AREAS OF CONCERN THATLED TO IN-
CLUSION OF VETERANS HEALTH CARE IN THE  H
IGH RISKLIST OF THE GOVERNMENT AC-
COUNTABILITY OFFICE .— (1) B
IENNIAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and in each session of Congress thereafter in which the High Risk List of the Government Accountability Office published in that session includes health care fur-nished under laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary shall submit to Congress, the appropriate committees of Congress, and the Comptroller General of the United States a report on the actions taken by the Secretary and the progress made by the Secretary in imple-menting the High Risk Action Plan of the Department of Veterans Affairs to address the areas of concern that led to the designa-tion of such health care as high risk by the Comptroller General in the most recently published High Risk List. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, for the pe-riod covered by the report, the following: (A) The corrective measures and specific steps necessary for addressing root causes identified in the High Risk Action Plan for removal from the high-risk designation, in-cluding the progress of the Secretary in im-plementing those measures and steps. The specific measures and steps shall— (i) address each root cause; (ii) identify resources to implement correc-tive actions, including funding, stake-holders, technology, and the senior officials responsible for implementing the corrective actions and reporting results; (iii) identify metrics that can be used to assess progress and assign responsibility for tracking progress, including the mechanism that will be used to keep senior leadership informed about progress made or challenges encountered; (iv) list key outcomes and goals that dem-onstrate progress in addressing the concerns; and (v) establish timeframes with overall and interim milestones. (B) The progress of the Secretary in ad-dressing the five criteria for removal from the High Risk List for each of the areas of concern identified by the Comptroller Gen-eral. (C) An explanation and course of action for each failure to fully adopt the Comptroller General’s criteria for removal from the High Risk list. (b) ANNUAL REPORT BY SECRETARY OF VET-
ERANS AFFAIRS ON IMPLEMENTATION OF CER-
TAIN RECOMMENDATIONS OF COMPTROLLER  G
ENERAL PERTAINING TO DEPARTMENT OF  V
ETERANS AFFAIRS .— (1) A
NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once each year thereafter, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall submit to Congress, the appropriate committees of Congress, and the Comptroller General of the United States a report on implementation of recommenda-tions of the Comptroller General that per-tain to the Department of Veterans Affairs. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, for the pe-riod covered by the report, the following: (A) The progress of the Secretary in imple-menting all open priority recommendations of the Comptroller General for the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. (B) An explanation for each instance in which the Secretary has decided not to im-plement, or has not fully implemented, an open priority recommendation of the Comp-troller General for the Department. (C) Courses of action for the Secretary to implement open priority recommendations of the Comptroller General, including— (i) resources to implement corrective ac-tions, including funding, stakeholders, tech-nology, and the senior officials responsible for implementing the corrective actions and reporting results; (ii) metrics that can be used to assess progress and assign responsibility for track-ing progress, including the mechanism that will be used to keep senior leadership in-formed about progress made or challenges encountered; (iii) key outcomes and goals that dem-onstrate progress in addressing the concerns; and (iv) timeframes with respect to overall and interim milestones. (3) S
UPPLEMENT AND NOT SUPPLANT CUR -
RENT REPORT REQUIREMENTS .—The require-ments of this subsection shall supplement and not supplant the requirements of section 720 of title 31, United States Code. (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON AC-
TIONS TAKEN BY SECRETARY OF VETERANS AF-
FAIRS TO ADDRESS AREAS OF CONCERN WITH R
ESPECT TO VETERANS HEALTH CARE.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00303 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.016 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3698 June 11, 2018 
(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress and the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on the implementation, the actions taken, and the progress made by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs in implementing the High Risk Action Plan of the Department of Veterans Affairs to address the areas of concern that led to the designation of health care fur-nished under laws administered by the Sec-retary as high risk by the Comptroller Gen-eral in the High Risk List published by the Comptroller General in 2017. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An evaluation of the progress of the Secretary in implementing corrective meas-ures and specific steps for addressing root causes identified in the High Risk Action Plan for removal of veterans health care from the High Risk List. (B) An evaluation of the progress of the Secretary in addressing the five criteria for removal from the High Risk List for each of the areas of concern identified by the Comp-troller General. (C) An evaluation of the Secretary’s expla-nations and courses of action for each failure to fully adopt the Comptroller General’s cri-teria for removal from the High Risk List. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2702. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. STUDY ON EFFICACY OF VETERANS CRISIS LINE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall conduct a study on the outcomes and the efficacy of the Veterans Crisis Line during the five-year period beginning Janu-ary 1, 2014, based on an analysis of national suicide data and data collected from the Vet-erans Crisis Line. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The study under subsection (a) shall address the following: (1) The efficacy of the Veterans Crisis Line in leading veterans to sustained mental health regimens, by determining— (A) the number of veterans who, after con-tacting the Veterans Crisis Line and being referred to a suicide prevention specialist, begin and continue mental health care fur-nished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and (B) the number of veterans who, after con-tacting the Veterans Crisis Line and being referred to a suicide prevention specialist, either— (i) begin mental health care furnished by the Secretary but do not continue such care; or (ii) do not begin such care. (2) The visibility of the Veterans Crisis Line, by determining— (A) the number of veterans who contact the Veterans Crisis Line and have not pre-viously received hospital care or medical services furnished by the Secretary; and (B) the number of veterans who contact the Veterans Crisis Line and have previously received hospital care or medical services furnished by the Secretary. (3) The role of the Veterans Crisis Line as part of the mental health care services of the Department, by determining, of the veterans who are enrolled in the health care system established under section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, who contact the Vet-erans Crisis Line, the number who are under the care of a mental health care provider of the Department at the time of such contact. (4) Whether receiving sustained mental health care affects suicidality and whether veterans previously receiving mental health care furnished by the Secretary use the Vet-erans Crisis Line in times of crisis, with re-spect to the veterans described in paragraph (3), by determining the time frame between receiving such care and the time of such con-tact. (5) The effectiveness of the Veterans Crisis Line in assisting veterans at risk for suicide when the Veterans Crisis Line is contacted by a non-veteran, by determining, of the number of non-veterans who contact the Veterans Crisis Line looking for support in assisting a veteran, how many of such indi-viduals receive support in having a veteran begin to receive mental health care fur-nished by the Secretary. (6) The overall efficacy of the Veterans Cri-sis Line in preventing suicides and whether the number of contacts affects the efficacy, by determining— (A) the number of veterans who contact the Veterans Crisis Line who ultimately commit or attempt suicide; and (B) of such veterans, how many times did a veteran contact the Veterans Crisis Line prior to committing or attempting suicide. (7) The long-term efficacy of the Veterans Crisis Line in preventing repeated suicide at-tempts and whether the efficacy is tem-porary, by determining, of the number of veterans who contacted the Veterans Crisis Line and did not commit or attempt suicide during the following six-month period, the number who contacted the Veterans Crisis Line in crisis at a later time and thereafter did commit or attempt suicide. (8) Whether referral to mental health care affects the risk of suicide, by determining— (A) the number of veterans who contact the Veterans Crisis Line who are not referred to, or do not continue receiving, mental health care who commit suicide; and (B) the number of veterans described in paragraph (1)(A) who commit or attempt sui-cide. (9) The efficacy of the Veterans Crisis Line to promote continued mental health care in those veterans who are at high risk for sui-cide whose suicide was prevented, by deter-mining, of the number of veterans who con-tacted the Veterans Crisis Line and did not commit or attempt suicide soon thereafter, the number that begin and continue to re-ceive mental health care furnished by the Secretary. (10) Such other matters as the Secretary determines appropriate. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING  D
ATA COLLECTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to modify or affect the manner in which data is collected, or the kind or content of data collected, by the Sec-retary under the Veterans Crisis Line. (d) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than May 31, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives the study con-ducted under subsection (a). (e) VETERANS CRISIS LINEDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Veterans Crisis Line’’ means the toll-free hotline for veterans es-tablished under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 2703. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ESTABLISH-MENT OF COMBINED MARITIME TASK FORCE PACIFIC. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Indo-Pacific region— (A) represents nearly 
1⁄2of the global popu-lation; (B) is home to some of the most dynamic economies in the world; and (C) poses security challenges that threaten to undermine United States national secu-rity interests, regional peace, and global sta-bility. (2) The core tenets of the United States- backed international system are being chal-lenged with increasingly coercive behavior, including— (A) China’s illegal construction and mili-tarization of artificial features in the South China Sea; (B) North Korea’s acceleration of its nu-clear and ballistic missile capabilities; and (C) the increased presence throughout Southeast Asia of the Islamic State and other international terrorist organizations that threaten the United States. (3) The economic order in the Indo-Pacific region continues to transform, presenting both opportunities and challenges to United States economic interests. (4) The United States has a fundamental interest in defending human rights and pro-moting the rule of law in the Indo-Pacific re-gion. Although many countries in the Indo- Pacific region have improved the treatment of their citizens, several Indo-Pacific coun-tries continue to be human rights abusers and there are serious concerns with political rights and civil liberties throughout the Indo-Pacific region. (5) Without strong leadership from the United States, the international system, fun-damentally rooted in the rule of law, may wither, to the detriment of United States, regional, and global interests. It is impera-tive that the United States continue to play a leading role in the Indo-Pacific region by— (A) defending peace and security; (B) advancing economic prosperity; and (C) promoting respect for fundamental human rights. (6) In 2017, the Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy of the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate held a series of hearings on United States leadership in the Indo-Pa-cific region, in which— (A) experts, including Representative Randy Forbes, Ambassador Robert Gallucci, Ms. Tami Overby, Dr. Robert Orr, Ambas-sador Derek Mitchell, Ambassador Robert King, Mr. Murray Hiebert, and others de-tailed the security challenges, economic op-portunities, and imperatives of promoting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00304 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.017 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3699 June 11, 2018 
rule of law, human rights, and democracy, in the Indo-Pacific region; and (B) Dr. Graham Allison, the Douglas Dillon Professor of Government at the John F. Ken-nedy School of Government at Harvard Uni-versity, testified, ‘‘As realistic students of history, Chinese leaders recognize that the role the U.S. has played since World War II as the architect and underwriter of regional stability and security has been essential to the rise of Asia, including China itself. But they believe that as the tide that brought the U.S. to Asia recedes, America must leave with it. Much as Britain’s role in the West-ern Hemisphere faded at the beginning of the twentieth century, so must America’s role in Asia as the region’s historic superpower re-sumes its place.’’. (7) The United States National Security Strategy, which was released in December 2017, states (A) ‘‘A geopolitical competition between free and repressive visions of world order is taking place in the Indo-Pacific region. The region, which stretches from the west coast of India to the western shores of the United States, represents the most populous and economically dynamic part of the world. The U.S. interest in a free and open Indo-Pacific extends back to the earliest days of our re-public.’’; and (B) ‘‘Our vision for the Indo-Pacific ex-cludes no nation. We will redouble our com-mitment to established alliances and part-nerships, while expanding and deepening re-lationships with new partners that share re-spect for sovereignty, fair and reciprocal trade, and the rule of law. We will reinforce our commitment to freedom of the seas and the peaceful resolution of territorial and maritime disputes in accordance with inter-national law. We will work with allies and partners to achieve complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula and preserve the non-proliferation regime in Northeast Asia.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President should establish a task force, to be known as the Combined Maritime Task Force Pacific, to protect a free and open Indo-Pacific mari-time region; (2) in establishing the task force, the Presi-dent should seek the participation of partner nations that are interested in goals of the task force; and (3) the United States Navy shall lead the task force. 
SA 2704. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. RECIPROCAL ACCESS TO TIBET ACT OF 2018. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act of 2018’’. (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Government of the People’s Repub-lic of China does not grant United States of-ficials, journalists, and other citizens access to China on a basis that is reciprocal to the access that the Government of the United States grants Chinese officials, journalists, and citizens. (2) The Government of China imposes greater restrictions on travel to Tibetan areas than to other areas of China. (3) Officials of China have stated that Tibet is open to foreign visitors. (4) The Government of China is promoting tourism in Tibetan areas, and at the Sixth Tibet Work Forum in August 2015, Premier Li Keqiang called for Tibet to build ‘‘major world tourism destinations’’. (5) The Government of China requires for-eigners to obtain permission from the Tibet Foreign and Overseas Affairs Office or from the Tibet Tourism Bureau to enter the Tibet Autonomous Region, a restriction that is not imposed on travel to any other provincial- level jurisdiction in China. (6) The Department of State reports that— (A) officials of the Government of the United States submitted 39 requests for dip-lomatic access to the Tibet Autonomous Re-gion between May 2011 and July 2015, but only 4 were granted; and (B) when such requests are granted, diplo-matic personnel are closely supervised and given few opportunities to meet local resi-dents not approved by authorities. (7) The Government of China delayed United States consular access for more than 48 hours after an October 28, 2013, bus crash in the Tibet Autonomous Region, in which 3 citizens of the United States died and more than a dozen others, all from Walnut, Cali-fornia, were injured, undermining the ability of the Government of the United States to provide consular services to the victims and their families, and failing to meet China’s obligations under the Convention on Con-sular Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963 (21 UST 77). (8) Following a 2015 earthquake that trapped dozens of citizens of the United States in the Tibet Autonomous Region, the United States Consulate General in Chengdu faced significant challenges in providing emergency consular assistance due to a lack of consular access. (9) The 2015 Country Reports on Human Rights Practices of the Department of State stated ‘‘With the exception of a few highly controlled trips, the Chinese government also denied multiple requests by foreign dip-lomats for permission to visit the TAR.’’ (10) Tibetan-Americans, attempting to visit their homeland, report having to under-go a discriminatory visa application process, different from what is typically required, at the Chinese embassy and consulates in the United States, and often find their requests to travel denied. (11) The 2016 Country Reports on Human Rights Practices of the Department of State stated ‘‘The few visits to the TAR by dip-lomats and journalists that were allowed were tightly controlled by local authori-ties.’’. (12) A September 2016 article in the Wash-ington Post reported that ‘‘The Tibet Auton-omous Region . . . is harder to visit as a journalist than North Korea.’’. (13) The Government of China has failed to respond positively to requests from the Gov-ernment of the United States to open a con-sulate in Lhasa, Tibet Autonomous Region. (14) The Foreign Correspondents’ Club of China reports that— (A) 2008 rules prevent foreign reporters from visiting the Tibet Autonomous Region without prior permission from the Govern-ment of such Region; (B) such permission has rarely been grant-ed; and (C) although the 2008 rules allow journal-ists to travel freely in other parts of China, Tibetan areas outside such Region remain ‘‘effectively off-limits to foreign reporters’’. (15) The Department of State reports that in addition to having to obtain permission to enter the Tibet Autonomous Region, foreign tourists— (A) must be accompanied at all times by a government-designated tour guide; (B) are rarely granted permission to enter the region by road; (C) are largely barred from visiting around the March anniversary of a 1959 Tibetan up-rising; and (D) are banned from visiting the area where Larung Gar, the world’s largest center for the study of Tibetan Buddhism, and the site of a large-scale campaign to expel stu-dents and demolish living quarters, is lo-cated. (16) Foreign visitors also face restrictions in their ability to travel freely in Tibetan areas outside the Tibet Autonomous Region. (17) The Government of the United States generally allows journalists and other citi-zens of China to travel freely within the United States. The Government of the United States requires diplomats from China to notify the Department of State of their travel plans, and in certain situations, the Government of the United States requires such diplomats to obtain approval from the Department of State before travel. However, where approval is required, it is almost al-ways granted expeditiously. (18) The United States regularly grants visas to Chinese officials, scholars, and oth-ers who travel to the United States to dis-cuss, promote, and display the perspective of the Government of China on the situation in Tibetan areas, even as the Government of China restricts the ability of citizens of the United States to travel to Tibetan areas to gain their own perspective. (19) Chinese diplomats based in the United States generally avail themselves of the freedom to travel to United States cities and lobby city councils, mayors, and governors to refrain from passing resolutions, issuing proclamations, or making statements of con-cern regarding Tibet. (20) The Government of China character-izes statements made by officials of the United States about the situation in Tibetan areas as inappropriate interference in the in-ternal affairs of China. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (2) S
ENIOR LEADERSHIP POSITIONS .—The term ‘‘senior leadership positions’’ means— (A) at the national level, the Chairperson of the National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and the Head and Deputy Heads of the United Front Work Department of the Cen-tral Committee of the Communist Party of China; (B) at the subnational level— (i) members of the Communist Party Standing Committee of the Tibet Autono-mous Region; (ii) the Director of the Tibet Autonomous Region Tourism Bureau; (iii) the heads of United Front Work De-partments of Sichuan, Qinghai, Gansu, and Yunnan Provinces; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00305 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.017 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3700 June 11, 2018 
(iv) members of the Communist Party Standing Committees of the areas listed under paragraph (3)(B); and (C) any other individual determined by the Secretary of State to be personally and sub-stantially involved in the formulation or execution of policies related to access for foreigners to Tibetan areas. (3) T
IBETAN AREAS .—The term ‘‘Tibetan areas’’ includes— (A) the Tibet Autonomous Region; and (B) the areas that the Government of China designates as Tibetan Autonomous, as follows: (i) Kanlho (Gannan) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, and Pari (Tianzhu) Tibetan Au-tonomous County located in Gansu Province. (ii) Golog (Guoluo) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Malho (Huangnan) Tibetan Au-tonomous Prefecture, Tsojang (Haibei) Ti-betan Autonomous Prefecture, Tsolho (Hai-nan) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Tsonub (Haixi) Mongolian and Tibetan Au-tonomous Prefecture, and Yulshul (Yushu) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, located in Qinghai Province. (iii) Garze (Ganzi) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Ngawa (Aba) Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture, and Muli (Mili) Ti-betan Autonomous County, located in Sichuan Province. (iv) Dechen (Diqing) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, located in Yunnan Province. (d) A
NNUAL REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report that in-cludes— (A) an assessment of the level of access to Tibetan areas that Chinese authorities have granted to diplomats, journalists, and tour-ists from the United States, including— (i) a comparison with the level of access granted to other areas of China; (ii) a comparison between the levels of ac-cess granted to Tibetan and non-Tibetan areas in relevant provinces; (iii) a comparison of the level of access in the reporting year to the level of access in the previous reporting year; and (iv) a description of the required permits and other measures that impede the freedom to travel in Tibetan areas; and (B) a list of all the individuals who hold a senior leadership position. (2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The report re-quired under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public on the website of the Department of State. (e) I
NADMISSIBILITY OF CERTAIN ALIENS .— (1) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR VISAS .—An individual whose name appears on the most recent list submitted by the Secretary of State pursu-ant to subsection (d)(1)(B) is not eligible to receive a visa to enter the United States or to be admitted to the United States if the Secretary of State determines that— (A) the requirement for specific official permission for foreigners to enter the Ti-betan Autonomous Region— (i) remains in effect; or (ii) has been replaced by a regulation that has a similar effect and requires foreign travelers to gain a level of permission to enter the Tibet Autonomous Region that is not required for travel to other provinces in China; and (B) restrictions on travel by officials, jour-nalists, and citizens of the United States to areas designated as ‘‘Tibetan Autonomous’’ in the Chinese provinces of Sichuan, Qinghai, Yunnan, and Gansu are greater than any re-strictions on travel by such officials and citi-zens to areas in such provinces that are not so designated. (2) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .—The Sec-retary of State shall revoke, in accordance with section 221(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)), the visa or other documentation to enter or be present in the United States issued for an alien who would be ineligible to receive such a visa or documentation under paragraph (1). (3) WAIVER FOR NATIONAL INTERESTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may waive the application of paragraph (1) or (2) in the case of an alien if the Secretary determines that such a waiver— (i) is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement Regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and en-tered into force November 21, 1947 (TIAS 1676) or any other applicable international obligation of the United States; or (ii) is in the national interests of the United States. (B) N
OTIFICATION .—Upon granting a waiver under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a document detailing the evidence and justification for the neces-sity of such waiver, including, if such waiver is granted pursuant to subparagraph (A)(ii), how such waiver relates to the national in-terests of the United States. (f) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON VISAPOLICY .— (1) F
INDING .—Congress finds that reci-procity forms the basis of diplomatic law and the practice of mutual exchanges between countries. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) a country should give equivalent con-sular access to the nationals of a foreign country in a manner that is reciprocal to the consular access granted by such foreign country to citizens of the country; and (B) the Secretary of State, when granting diplomats from China access to parts of the United States, should take into account the extent to which the Government of China grants diplomats from the United States ac-cess to parts of China, including the level of access afforded to such diplomats to Tibetan areas. (g) S
UNSET .—The authorities under this section shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2705. Mrs. HYDE-SMITH sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. GOLD STAR FAMILIES REMEMBRANCE WEEK. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The last day in September— (A) is designated as ‘‘Gold Star Mother’s Day’’ under section 111 of title 36, United States Code; and (B) was first designated as ‘‘Gold Star Mother’s Day’’ under the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘Joint Resolution designating the last Sunday in September as ‘Gold Star Mother’s Day’, and for other purposes,’’ ap-proved June 23, 1936 (49 Stat. 1895). (2) There is no date dedicated to families affected by the loss of a loved one who died in service to the United States. (3) A gold star symbolizes a family member who died in the line of duty while serving in the Armed Forces. (4) The members and veterans of the Armed Forces, through their service, bear the burden of protecting the freedom of the people of the United States. (5) The selfless example of the service of the members and veterans of the Armed Forces, as well as the sacrifices made by the families of those individuals, inspires all in-dividuals in the United States to sacrifice and work diligently for the good of the United States. (6) The sacrifices of the families of the fall-en members of the Armed Forces and the families of veterans of the Armed Forces should never be forgotten. (b) DESIGNATION OF GOLD STAR FAMILIES  R
EMEMBRANCE WEEK.—Congress— (1) designates the week of September 23 through September 29, 2018, as ‘‘Gold Star Families Remembrance Week’’; (2) honors and recognizes the sacrifices made by the families of members of the Armed Forces who have made the ultimate sacrifice in order to defend freedom and pro-tect the United States and by the families of veterans of the Armed Forces; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe Gold Star Families Re-membrance Week by— (A) performing acts of service and good will in their communities; and (B) celebrating families in which loved ones have made the ultimate sacrifice so that others could continue to enjoy life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness. 
SA 2706. Mr. BURR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 554. 
SA 2707. Mr. BURR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 478, between lines 16 and 17, insert the following: (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report setting forth the following: (1) Elements of Family Advocacy Program community response plans, installation memoranda of understanding, and status of forces agreements applicable to juvenile-on- juvenile abuse committed on military instal-lations. (2) A description and assessment of juris-dictional responsibilities and processes in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00306 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.025 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3701 June 11, 2018 
connection with responding to juvenile-on- juvenile abuse on military installations that occurs outside Department of Defense Edu-cation Activity schools or in foreign coun-tries. 
SA 2708. Mr. BURR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 320 strike line 16 and all that follows through ‘‘(d)’’ on page 321, line 1 and insert the following: (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR ADDITIONAL EX-
POSURES AND RELATED ILLNESSES TO BEIN-
CLUDED .—Not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every five years thereafter, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall submit to Congress recommendations for ad-ditional chemicals with respect to which in-dividuals exposed to such chemicals should be included in the registry established under subsection (a). (d) L
IST OF CONDITIONS CONNECTED TO EX-
POSURE .— (1) C
ATEGORIZATION OF CONNECTION .—With respect to each condition associated with ex-posure to PFAS, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall categorize the evidence of con-nection of the condition to exposure to PFAS as— (A) sufficient to conclude with reasonable confidence that exposure is a cause of the condition; (B) modest supporting causation, but not sufficient to conclude with reasonable con-fidence that exposure is a cause of the condi-tion; or (C) no more than limited supporting causa-tion; (2) P
UBLICATION OF LIST .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall publish in the Federal Register and on an Internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs— (i) a list of each condition determined by the Secretary to be associated with PFAS, including the categorization under para-graph (1) of the evidence of connection; and (ii) with respect to each condition listed under clause (i), the bibliographic citations for all literature reviewed in making the de-termination and categorization described in such clause. (B) U
PDATE .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall update the list published under subparagraph (A) to add conditions deter-mined by the Secretary to be associated with PFAS, including the categorization under paragraph (1) of the evidence of connection, since such list was last published or updated under this paragraph. (e) SA 2709. Mr. BURR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 241, line 3, strike ‘‘such’’ and in-sert ‘‘direct’’. On page 241, line 3, insert after ‘‘super-vision’’ the following: ‘‘by another individual who has already received criminal back-ground check clearance’’. On page 241, between lines 5 and 6, insert the following: (3) A requirement that written documenta-tion of submission of a compliant criminal background check, including fingerprint sub-mission, be provided for each individual seeking a temporary issuance of clearance before such temporary issuance is granted. 
SA 2710. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1262 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1262. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF AMOUNTS FOR GLOB-AL ENGAGEMENT CENTER. 
Section 1287(e) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2546; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking the para-graph designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘If amounts’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) F
ISCAL YEARS 2017 AND 2018 .—If amounts’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEARS 2019 AND 2020 .—For each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer, from amounts appropriated to the Secretary pur-suant to the John S. McCain National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, not more than $60,000,000 to carry out the functions of the Center.’’; (4) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1) or (2)’’; and (5) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’. SA 2711. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1250. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT AND SERVICES PROVIDED BY CER-TAIN CHINESE ENTITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act or any other pro-vision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of De-fense may be obligated or expended for the operation, maintenance, sustainment, or procurement of— (1) telecommunications equipment pro-duced by an entity described in subsection (b); (2) telecommunications services provided by such an entity or using such equipment; or (3) telecommunications equipment or serv-ices produced or provided by an entity that the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence or the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, reasonably believes to be an entity owned or controlled by, or otherwise con-nected to, the Government of the People’s Republic of China. (b) E
NTITY DESCRIBED .—An entity de-scribed in this subsection is— (1) Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Corporation; or (2) any entity owned or controlled by, or under common ownership or control with, an entity described in paragraph (1). 
SA 2712. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the table in section 2301(a), insert after the line relating to MacDill Air Force Base, Florida the following new item: 
Louisiana ............................................ Barksdale Air Force Base .................................................. ......................................... $12,250,000 
In the table in section 4601, insert below the item relating to ‘‘Hayman Munitions Storage Igloos MSA 2’’ at Joint Region Mari-anas, Guam, an item relating to ‘‘Entrance Road and Gate Complex’’ at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana, with an amount of ‘‘12,250’’ in the Senate Authorized column. In the table in section 4601, in the item re-lating to Subtotal Air Force, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘1,764,407’’. In the table in section 4601, in the item re-lating to Total Military Construction, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘8,692,674’’. 
SA 2713. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00307 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.025 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3702 June 11, 2018 
2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division A, add the following: TITLE XVIII—PREVENTION OF MILITARIZATION OF LAW ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 1801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Mili-tarizing Law Enforcement Act’’. 
SEC. 1802. ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON TRANS-FER OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PERSONAL PROPERTY TO FEDERAL AND STATE LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES. 
(a) A DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the provisions of this section’’; and (II) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, in-cluding counter-drug and counterterrorism activities’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and the Director of National Drug Control Policy’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking the period and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) the recipient certifies to the Depart-ment of Defense that it has the personnel and technical capacity, including training, to operate the property; and ‘‘(6) the recipient certifies to the Depart-ment of Defense that if the recipient deter-mines that the property is surplus to the needs of the recipient, the recipient will re-turn the property to the Department of De-fense.’’; (C) by striking subsection (d); and (D) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS .—The Sec- retary of Defense may not transfer under this section any property as follows: ‘‘(1) Weapons, weapon parts, and weapon components, including camouflage and de-ception equipment, and optical sights. ‘‘(2) Weapon system specific vehicular ac-cessories. ‘‘(3) Demolition materials. ‘‘(4) Explosive ordinance. ‘‘(5) Night vision equipment. ‘‘(6) Tactical clothing, including uniform clothing and footwear items, special purpose clothing items, and specialized flight cloth-ing and accessories. ‘‘(7) Drones. ‘‘(8) Combat, assault, and tactical vehicles, including Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicles. ‘‘(9) Training aids and devices. ‘‘(10) Firearms of .50 caliber or higher, am-munition of .50 caliber or higher, grenade launchers, flash grenades, and bayonets. ‘‘(e) A
PPROVAL BY LAW REQUIRED FOR  T
RANSFER OF PROPERTY NOTPREVIOUSLY  T
RANSFERRABLE .—(1) In the event the Sec-retary of Defense proposes to make available for transfer under this section any property of the Department of Defense not previously made available for transfer under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report setting forth the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the property proposed to be made available for transfer. ‘‘(B) A description of the conditions, if any, to be imposed on use of the property after transfer. ‘‘(C) A certification that transfer of the property would not violate a provision of this section or any other provision of law. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may not transfer any property covered by a report under this sub-section unless authorized by a law enacted by Congress after the date of the receipt of the report by Congress. ‘‘(f) ANNUAL CERTIFICATION ACCOUNTING FOR  T
RANSFERRED PROPERTY .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress each year a certifi-cation in writing that each recipient to which the Secretary has transferred property under this section during the preceding fiscal year— ‘‘(A) has provided to the Secretary docu-mentation accounting for all property the Secretary has previously transferred to such recipient under this section; and ‘‘(B) has complied with paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (b) with respect to the prop-erty so transferred during such fiscal year. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary cannot provide a cer-tification under paragraph (1) for a recipient, the Secretary may not transfer additional property to such recipient under this sec-tion, effective as of the date on which the Secretary would otherwise make the certifi-cation under this subsection, and such re-cipient shall be suspended or terminated from further receipt of property under this section. ‘‘(g) C
ONDITIONS FOR EXTENSION OF PRO-
GRAM .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, amounts authorized to be appro-priated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year may not be obligated or expended to carry out this section unless the Sec-retary submits to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a certification that for the preceding fiscal year that— ‘‘(1) each recipient agency that has re-ceived property under this section has— ‘‘(A) demonstrated 100 percent account-ability for all such property, in accordance with paragraph (2) or (3), as applicable; or ‘‘(B) been suspended or terminated from the program pursuant to paragraph (4); ‘‘(2) with respect to each non-Federal agen-cy that has received property under this sec-tion, the State Coordinator responsible for each such agency has verified that the State Coordinator or an agent of the State Coordi-nator has conducted an in-person inventory of the property transferred to the agency and that 100 percent of such property was ac-counted for during the inventory or that the agency has been suspended or terminated from the program pursuant to paragraph (4); ‘‘(3) with respect to each Federal agency that has received property under this sec-tion, the Secretary of Defense or an agent of the Secretary has conducted an in-person in-ventory of the property transferred to the agency and that 100 percent of such property was accounted for during the inventory or that the agency has been suspended or termi-nated from the program pursuant to para-graph (4); ‘‘(4) the eligibility of any agency that has received property under this section for which 100 percent of the equipment was not accounted for during an inventory described in paragraph (2) or (3), as applicable, to re-ceive property transferred under this section has been suspended or terminated; ‘‘(5) each State Coordinator has certified, for each non-Federal agency located in the State for which the State Coordinator is re-sponsible that— ‘‘(A) the agency has complied with all re-quirements under this section; or ‘‘(B) the eligibility of the agency to receive property transferred under this section has been suspended or terminated; and ‘‘(6) the Secretary of Defense has certified, for each Federal agency that has received property under this section that— ‘‘(A) the agency has complied with all re-quirements under this section; or ‘‘(B) the eligibility of the agency to receive property transferred under this section has been suspended or terminated. ‘‘(h) WEBSITE .—The Defense Logistics Agency shall maintain, and update on a quarterly basis, an Internet website on which the following information shall be made publicly available in a searchable for-mat: ‘‘(1) A description of each transfer made under this section, including transfers made before the date of the enactment of the Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act, set forth by State, county, and recipient agency, and including item name, item type, item model, and quantity. ‘‘(2) A list of all property transferred under this section that is not accounted for by the Defense Logistics Agency, including— ‘‘(A) the name of the State, county, and re-cipient agency; ‘‘(B) the item name, item type, and item model; ‘‘(C) the date on which such property be-came unaccounted for by the Defense Logis-tics Agency; and ‘‘(D) the current status of such item. ‘‘(3) A list of each agency suspended or ter-minated from further receipt of property under this section, including State, county, and agency, and the reason for and duration of such suspension or termination. ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(2) The term ‘agent of a State Coordi-nator’ means any individual to whom a State Coordinator formally delegates responsibil-ities for the duties of the State Coordinator to conduct inventories described in sub-section (g)(2). ‘‘(3) The term ‘State Coordinator’, with re-spect to a State, means the individual ap-pointed by the governor of the State to maintain property accountability records and oversee property use by the State.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) R
ETURN OF PROPERTY TO DEPARTMENT  
OFDEFENSE .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Federal or State agency to which property described by subsection (d) of section 2576a of title 10, United States Code (as added by sub-section (a)(1) of this section), was transferred before the date of the enactment of this Act shall return such property to the Defense Lo-gistics Agency on behalf of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1803. USE OF DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY PREPAREDNESS GRANT FUNDS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Agency’’ means the Federal Emergency Management Agency; and (2) the term ‘‘preparedness grant program’’ includes— (A) the Urban Area Security Initiative au-thorized under section 2003 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604); (B) the State Homeland Security Grant Program authorized under section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00308 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.024 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3703 June 11, 2018 
(C) the Port Security Grant Program au-thorized under section 70107 of title 46, United States Code; and (D) any other non-disaster preparedness grant program of the Agency. (b) L
IMITATION .—The Agency may not per-mit awards under a preparedness grant pro-gram— (1) to be used to buy, maintain, or alter— (A) explosive entry equipment; (B) head and face protection equipment, other than those to be used by certified bomb technicians; (C) canines (other than bomb-sniffing ca-nines for agencies with certified bomb tech-nicians or for use in search and rescue oper-ations); (D) tactical or armored vehicles; (E) long-range hailing and warning devices; (F) tactical entry equipment (other than for use by specialized teams such as Accred-ited Bomb Squads, Tactical Entry, or Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) Teams); or (G) firearms of .50 caliber or higher, ammu-nition of .50 caliber or higher, grenade launchers, flash grenades, or bayonets; or (2) to be used to buy, maintain, or alter body armor or ballistic helmets and shields unless the grantee certifies to the Agency that the equipment will not be used for riot suppression. (c) R
EVIEW OF PRIOR RECEIPT OF PROPERTY  B
EFORE AWARD .—In making an award under a preparedness grant program, the Agency shall— (1) determine whether the awardee has al-ready received, and still retains, property from the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, including through review of the website maintained by the Defense Logistics Agency pursuant to subsection (h) of such section (as added by section 2(a)(1) of this Act); (2) require that the award may not be used by the awardee to procure or obtain property determined to be retained by the awardee pursuant to paragraph (1); and (3) require that the award only be used to procure or obtain property in accordance with use restrictions contained within the Agency’s State and Local Preparedness Grant Programs’ Authorized Equipment List. (d) U
SE OF GRANT PROGRAM FUNDS FOR RE-
QUIRED RETURN OF PROPERTY TO DOD.—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, the use of funds by a State or local agency to re-turn to the Department of Defense property transferred to such State or local agency pursuant to section 2676a of title 10, United States Code, as such return is required by section 1802(b) of this Act, shall be an allow-able use of preparedness grant program funds by such agency. (e) A
CCOUNTABILITY MEASURES .— (1) A
UDIT OF USE OF PREPAREDNESS GRANT  
FUNDS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall conduct an audit covering the period of fiscal year 2010 through the current fiscal year on the use of preparedness grant program funds. The audit shall assess how funds have been used to procure equipment, how the equip-ment has been used, and whether the grant awards have furthered the Agency’s goal of improving the preparedness of State and local communities. (2) A
NNUAL ACCOUNTING OF USE OF AWARD  
FUNDS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Agen-cy shall develop and implement a system of accounting on an annual basis how prepared-ness grant program funds have been used to procure equipment, how the equipment has been used, whether grantees have complied with restrictions on the use of equipment contained with the Authorized Equipment List, and whether the awards have furthered the Agency’s goal of enhancing the capabili-ties of State agencies to prevent, deter, re-spond to, and recover from terrorist attacks, major disasters, and other emergencies. SEC. 1804. USE OF EDWARD BYRNE MEMORIAL JUSTICE ASSISTANCE GRANT FUNDS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Section 501(d) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3751(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The purchase, maintenance, alter-ation, or operation of— ‘‘(A) lethal weapons; or ‘‘(B) less-lethal weapons.’’. (b) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS FOR REQUIRED RE-
TURN OF PROPERTY TO DOD.—Notwith-standing any other provision of law, the use of funds by a State agency or unit of local government to return to the Department of Defense property transferred to such agency or unit of local government pursuant to sec-tion 2676a of title 10, United States Code, as such return is required by section 1802(b) of this Act, shall be an allowable use of grant amounts under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program. 
SEC. 1805. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on Federal agencies, in-cluding offices of Inspector General for Fed-eral agencies, that have specialized units that receive special tactical or military- style training or use hard-plated body armor, shields, or helmets and that respond to high- risk situations that fall outside the capabili-ties of regular law enforcement officers, in-cluding any special weapons and tactics (SWAT) team, tactical response teams, spe-cial events teams, special response teams, or active shooter teams. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A description of each specialized unit described under such subsection. (2) A description of the training and weap-ons of each such unit. (3) The criteria for activating each such unit and how often each such unit was acti-vated for each year of the previous ten years. (4) An estimate of the annual cost of equip-ping and operating each such unit. (5) Any other information that is relevant to understanding the usefulness and jus-tification for the units. 
SA 2714. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 864. MANUFACTURING EXTENSION PART-NERSHIP SUPPORT FOR DEVELOP-MENT OF DOMESTIC SUPPLY BASE FOR PRODUCTION OF COMPONENTS AND WEAPON SYSTEMS. 
(a) M EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Commerce shall enter into a memorandum of understanding (MOU) for purposes of ensur-ing— (1) the development of a domestic supply base to support production of components and weapon systems for the Department of Defense; and (2) compliance with chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Buy American Act’’) and section 2533a of title 10, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Berry Amendment’’), in-cluding by limiting the use of waivers. (b) ACTIVITIES .—The MOU shall include provisions— (1) allowing Department of Defense per-sonnel to consult with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Manu-facturing Extension Partnership (MEP) when conducting market research; and (2) requiring that before a domestic non- availability waiver is granted, NIST MEP shall conduct a nationwide analysis to iden-tify domestic suppliers that may be able to meet Department of Defense acquisition needs. 
SA 2715. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. GUIDANCE ON BUY AMERICAN ACT AND BERRY AMENDMENT REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the In-spector General of the Department of De-fense has issued a series of reports finding deficiencies in the adherence to the provi-sions of the Buy American Act and the Berry Amendment and recommending improve-ments in training for the Defense acquisition workforce. (b) B
UYAMERICAN ACTGUIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of Defense Pricing/Defense Pro-curement Acquisition Policy shall issue guidance to Department of Defense con-tracting officials on requirements related to chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Buy American Act’’). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The guidance issued under paragraph (1) shall cover— (A) the requirement to incorporate and en-force the Buy American Act provisions and clauses in applicable solicitations and con-tracts; (B) the requirements of the Buy American Act, such as inclusion of clauses, into the electronic contract writing systems used by the military departments and the Defense Logistics Agency; and (C) Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement requirements regarding excep-tions to the Buy American Act. (c) B
ERRY AMENDMENT AND SPECIALTY MET-
ALSCLAUSE GUIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of Defense Pricing/Defense Pro-curement Acquisition Policy shall issue guidance to Department of Defense con-tracting officials on requirements related to section 2533a of title 10, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Berry Amend-ment’’), and section 2533b of title 10, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00309 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.024 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3704 June 11, 2018 
States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘specialty metals clause’’). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The guidance issued under paragraph (1) shall cover— (A) the requirement to incorporate and en-force the Berry Amendment and the spe-cialty metals clause provisions and clauses in applicable solicitations and contracts; (B) the requirements of the Berry Amend-ment and the specialty metals clause, such as inclusion of clauses, into the electronic contract writing systems used by the mili-tary departments and the Defense Logistics Agency; and (C) Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement requirements regarding excep-tions to the Berry Amendment and the spe-cialty metals clause. 
SA 2716. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. APPLICABILITY OF BUY AMERICAN RE-QUIREMENTS TO ITEMS USED OUT-SIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 8302(a)(2)(A) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘need-ed on an urgent basis or for national security reasons (as determined by the head of a Fed-eral agency)’’ after ‘‘for use outside the United States’’. 
SA 2717. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. EQUALITY OF TREATMENT IN ARMS SALES FOR TAIWAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall en-sure that the United States Government treats any proposed arms sale for Taiwan with the same timeline, process, and proce-dure, including formal notification to Con-gress under the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.), accorded to a proposed arms transfer for any other country. (b) OIG R
EPORTING .—For each of the five years beginning on the day after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspectors General of the Department of State and the Department of Defense shall— (1) review the compliance of the Depart-ment of State and the Department of De-fense, respectively, with this section; and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on such compliance. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. SA 2718. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON STEM WORKFORCE AND SCIENCE COM-PETITIONS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) a science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) workforce and science competitions are critical to meeting the De-partment of Defense’s current and future na-tional security requirements; (2) the Department’s organized science competitions such as in robotics to advance its science, technology, engineering, and mathematics priorities are important; (3) inspiring and developing the next gen-eration of scientists, engineers, and mathe-maticians is important; (4) technology prize competitions should be carried out under 2374a of title 10, United States Code, to stimulate research and inno-vation; and (5) such competitions should be continued and supported to help meet the challenges faced by the Department to recruit and re-tain the most qualified scientists, engineers, and mathematicians. 
SA 2719. Mr. KAINE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1271. POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES ON REGIME CHANGE. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to not use military force for the purpose of removing or replacing the leadership of a foreign government or parts of its govern-mental system, or for the purpose of sup-porting or suppressing a political movement of a foreign government, unless explicitly authorized by a declaration of war or author-ization for use of military force (AUMF) duly enacted by Congress. 
SA 2720. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title XXXI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. llll. EXTENDING THE AUTHORIZATION OF THE EEOICPA OMBUDSMAN. 
Section 3686(h) of the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 7385s–15(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘October 28, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘October 28, 2024’’. 
SA 2721. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1626 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1626. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL MANUFAC-TURERS IN THE DEFENSE INDUS-TRIAL SUPPLY CHAIN ON MATTERS RELATING TO CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) D ISSEMINATION OF CYBERSECURITY RE-
SOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in consultation with the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, shall take such actions as may be necessary to enhance awareness of cybersecurity threats among small manufac-turers in the defense industrial supply chain. (2) P
RIORITY .—The Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering shall prioritize efforts to increase awareness to help reduce cybersecurity risks faced by small manufacturers described in paragraph (1), including through the use of small busi-ness development centers, the Hollings Man-ufacturing Extension Partnership, and the National Network for Manufacturing Innova-tion. (3) S
ECTOR FOCUS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall carry out this subsection with a focus on such industry sectors as the Under Secretary considers critical. (4) O
UTREACH EVENTS .—Under paragraph (1), the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering shall conduct out-reach to support activities consistent with this section. Such outreach may include live events with a physical presence and outreach conducted through internet websites. (b) V
OLUNTARY CYBERSECURITY SELF-AS-
SESSMENTS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall develop mechanisms to provide assistance to help small manufacturers conduct voluntary self- assessments in order to understand oper-ating environments, cybersecurity require-ments, and existing vulnerabilities, includ-ing through the Mentor Prote´ge´Program, small business programs, and engagements with defense laboratories and test ranges. (c) T
RANSFER OF RESEARCH FINDINGS AND  E
XPERTISE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00310 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.033 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3705 June 11, 2018 
promote the transfer of appropriate tech-nology and techniques developed in the De-partment of Defense to small manufacturers throughout the United States to implement security measures that are adequate to pro-tect covered defense information, including controlled unclassified information. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL EX -
PERTISE AND CAPABILITIES .—The Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing shall coordinate efforts, when appro-priate, with the expertise and capabilities that exist in Federal agencies, federally sponsored laboratories, the Hollings Manu-facturing Extension Partnership, the Na-tional Network for Manufacturing Innova-tion, and small business development cen-ters. (3) A
GREEMENTS .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering may enter into agreements with private industry, institutes of higher education, or a State, United States territory, local, or tribal government to ensure breadth and depth of coverage to the United States defense industrial base and to leverage resources. (d) D
EFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE CYBER  T
RAINING PROGRAM .—The Secretary of De-fense shall establish a cyber counseling cer-tification program, or approve a similar ex-isting program, to certify small business pro-fessionals and other relevant acquisition staff within the Department of Defense and designated employees of small business de-velopment centers to provide cyber planning assistance to small manufacturers in the de-fense industrial supply chain. Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Depart-ment of Defense may reimburse small busi-ness development centers for costs related to certification training under this subsection. (e) A
UTHORITIES .—In executing this pro-gram, the Secretary may use the following authorities: (1) The Manufacturing Technology Pro-gram established under section 2521 of title 10, United States Code. (2) The Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership program under section 2368 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The Manufacturing Engineering Edu-cation Program established under section 2196 of title 10, United States Code. (4) The Small Business Innovation Re-search program. (5) The mentor-prote´ge´program. (6) Other legal authorities as the Secretary deems necessary for the effective and effi-cient execution of the program. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) R
ESOURCES .—The term ‘‘resources’’ means guidelines, tools, best practices, standards, methodologies, and other ways of providing information. (2) S
MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term ‘‘small business concern’’ means a small business concern as that term is used in sec-tion 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (3) S
MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CEN -
TER.—The term ‘‘small business development center’’ means a small business development center described in section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648). (4) S
MALL MANUFACTURER .—The term ‘‘small manufacturer’’ means a small busi-ness concern that is a manufacturer. (5) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, Territories, and posses-sions of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
SA 2722. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. INITIATIVE TO SUPPORT PROTEC-TION OF NATIONAL SECURITY ACA-DEMIC RESEARCHERS FROM UNDUE INFLUENCE AND OTHER SECURITY THREATS. 
(a) I NITIATIVE REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with other ap-propriate government organizations, estab-lish an initiative to work with academic in-stitutions who perform defense research and engineering activities— (1) to support protection of intellectual property, controlled information, key per-sonnel, and information about critical tech-nologies relevant to national security; (2) to limit undue influence by countries engaged in illicit behaviors to exploit United States technology within the Department of Defense research, technology, and innova-tion enterprise; and (3) to support efforts toward development of domestic talent in relevant scientific and engineering fields. (b) I
NSTITUTIONS AND ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The initiative required by subsection (a) shall be developed and exe-cuted to the maximum extent practicable with academic research institutions and other educational and research organiza-tions, including tier I research institutions of higher education and their chief research security officers and chief information secu-rity officers. (2) R
ECORD OF EXCELLENCE .—In selecting research institutions of higher education under this subsection, the Secretary shall se-lect institutions of higher education that the Secretary determines demonstrate a record of excellence in industrial security and coun-terintelligence in academia and in research and development. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The initiative required by subsection (a) shall include development of the following: (1) Information exchange forum and infor-mation repositories to enable awareness of security threats and influence operations being executed against the United States re-search, technology, and innovation enter-prise. (2) Training and other support for aca-demic institutions to promote security and limit undue influence on institutions and personnel, including financial support for execution for such activities. (3) Opportunities to collaborate with de-fense researchers and research organizations in secure facilities to promote protection of critical information. (4) Regulations and procedures— (A) for government and academic organiza-tions and personnel to support the goals of the initiative; and (B) that are consistent with policies that protect open and scientific exchange in fun-damental research. (5) Policies to limit or prohibit funding for institutions or individual researchers who knowingly and repeatedly violate regula-tions developed under the initiative. (6) Initiatives to support the transition of the results of academic institution research programs into defense capabilities. (d) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the activities carried out under the initia-tive required by subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the activities con-ducted and the progress made under the ini-tiative. (B) The findings of the Secretary with re-spect to the initiative. (C) Such recommendations as the Sec-retary may have for legislative or adminis-trative action relating to the matters de-scribed in subsection (a). (D) Identification and discussion of the gaps in legal authorities that need to be im-prove to enhance the security of tier I re-search institutions of higher education. (E) A description of the actions taken by such institutions to comply with such best practices and guidelines as may be estab-lished by under the initiative. (3) F
ORM.—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in classified form. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘institution of higher edu-cation’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). (2) The term ‘‘tier I’’ with respect to an in-stitution of higher education means the in-stitution of higher education has the highest research activity, as defined by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Edu-cation. 
SA 2723. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title V add the following: 
SEC. 598. CONSIDERATION OF REQUESTS OF SEN-IOR RESERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS HOST INSTITUTIONS OF INDI-VIDUALS WITH ALUMNI OR OTHER AFFINITY STATUS IN ASSIGNMENT OF ADMINISTRATORS AND INSTRUC-TORS TO UNITS. 
Section 2111 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘The Secretary of the military department concerned’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) A
SSIGNMENT OR DETAIL OF MEM-
BERS .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF ALUMNI OR OTHER  A
FFINITY STATUS IN ASSIGNMENT OF PER-
SONNEL TO UNITS.—In assigning personnel for instructional or administrative duties at an educational institution where a unit of the program is maintained, the Secretary of the military department concerned may take into account and afford a preference for the assignment of individuals with an alumni or other affinity status to the educational in-stitution if so requested by the educational institution.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00311 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.032 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3706 June 11, 2018 
SA 2724. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORTS ON ALLIED CONTRIBU-TIONS TO COMMON DEFENSE. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that section 1003 of the Department of Defense Authoriza-tion Act, 1985 (Public Law 98–525; 63 Stat. 2241)— (1) expresses the sense of Congress that, due to threats that are ever-changing, Con-gress must be informed with respect to allied contributions to the common defense to properly assess the readiness of the United States and allied nations for threats beyond the global war on terror, including near-peer threats; and (2) requires the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress an annual report on the contributions of allies to the common de-fense. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should seek from each allied nation acceptance of inter-national security responsibilities and agree-ments to make contributions to the common defense commensurate with the economic re-sources and security environment of such al-lied nation. (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1 each year, the Secretary, in coordination with the heads of other Federal agencies, as the Secretary determines to be necessary, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report containing a description of— (A) the annual defense spending by each al-lied nation, including available data on nominal budget figures and defense spending as a percentage of the gross domestic prod-ucts of such allied nations for the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the report is submitted; (B) the activities of each such allied nation to contribute to military or stability oper-ations in which the Armed Forces of the United States are a participant; (C) any limitations placed by any such al-lied nation on the use of such contributions; and (D) any actions undertaken by the United States or by other countries to minimize such limitations. (2) F
ORM.—Each report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (3) A
VAILABILITY .—A report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be made available on request to any Member of Congress. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
LLIED NATION .—The term ‘‘allied na-tion’’ means— (A) each member state of the North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization; (B) Australia; (C) Japan; (D) South Korea; (E) New Zealand; and (F) each member state of the Gulf Coopera-tion Council. (2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SA 2725. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3ll. STATE MANAGEMENT AND CONSERVA-TION OF SPECIES. 
(a) S AGE-GROUSE AND PRAIRIE -CHICKEN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the conservation status of each of the Greater Sage grouse (Centrocerus urophasianus) and the Lesser Prairie-Chick-en (Tympanuchus pallidicinctus) under sec-tion 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) shall be not-warranted for listing. (2) S
UBSEQUENT DETERMINATIONS .—In deter- mining conservation efficacy for purposes of making any determination of such status after such 10-year period, the Secretary of the Interior shall fully consider all conserva-tion actions of States, Federal agencies, and military installations. (b) A
MERICAN BURYING BEETLE .—Notwith- standing the final rule of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Determination of Endangered Status for the American Burying Beetle’’ (54 Fed. Reg. 29652 (July 13, 1989)), the American burying beetle (Nicrophorus americanus) may not be listed as a threatened species or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of statute or regulation, this section shall not be subject to judicial review. 
SA 2726. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3lll. PROTECTION AND RECOVERY OF GREATER SAGE-GROUSE. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to facilitate implementation of State management plans over a period of multiple, consecutive greater sage-grouse life cycles; and (2) to demonstrate the efficacy of the State management plans for the protection and re-covery of the greater sage-grouse. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
EDERAL RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  
PLAN .—The term ‘‘Federal resource manage-ment plan’’ means— (A) a land use plan prepared by the Bureau of Land Management for public land pursu-ant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); and (B) a land and resource management plan prepared by the Forest Service for National Forest System land pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Re-sources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). (2) GREATER SAGE -GROUSE .—The term ‘‘greater sage-grouse’’ means a sage-grouse of the species Centrocercus urophasianus. (3) S
TATE MANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘State management plan’’ means a State-ap-proved plan for the protection and recovery of the greater sage-grouse. (c) P
ROTECTION AND RECOVERY OF GREATER  S
AGE-GROUSE .— (1) E
NDANGERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973 FIND -
INGS.— (A) D
ELAY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Interior may not modify or invalidate the finding of the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service announced in the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; 12-Month Finding on a Petition to List Greater Sage- Grouse (Centrocercus urophasianus) as an Endangered or Threatened Species’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 59858 (October 2, 2015)) during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on September 30, 2027. (B) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS .—The delay re-quired under subparagraph (A) is and shall remain effective without regard to any other statute, regulation, court order, legal settle-ment, or any other provision of law or in eq-uity. (C) E
FFECT ON CONSERVATION STATUS .—The conservation status of the greater sage- grouse shall be considered not to warrant listing of the greater sage-grouse as an en-dangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on September 30, 2027. (2) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL LAND MAN -
AGEMENT AND STATE CONSERVATION AND MAN -
AGEMENT PLANS .— (A) P
ROHIBITION ON WITHDRAWAL AND MODI -
FICATION OF FEDERAL RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  
PLANS .—On notification by the Governor of a State with a State management plan, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may not make, modify, or ex-tend any withdrawal or amend or otherwise modify any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal land in the State in a manner inconsistent with the State management plan for, as specified by the Governor in the notification, a period of not fewer than 5 years beginning on the date of the notification. (B) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—In the case of any State that provides notification under subparagraph (A), if any withdrawal was made, modified, or extended or any amend-ment or modification of a Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal land in the State was issued after June 1, 2014, and the withdrawal, amendment, or modi-fication altered the management of the greater sage-grouse or the habitat of the greater sage-grouse— (i) implementation and operation of the withdrawal, amendment, or modification shall be stayed to the extent that the with-drawal, amendment, or modification is in-consistent with the State management plan; and (ii) the Federal resource management plan, as in effect immediately before the with-drawal, amendment, or modification, shall apply instead with respect to the manage-ment of the greater sage-grouse and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00312 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.032 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3707 June 11, 2018 
habitat of the greater sage-grouse, to the ex-tent consistent with the State management plan. (C) D
ETERMINATION OF INCONSISTENCY .—Any disagreement regarding whether a with-drawal, amendment, or other modification of a Federal resource management plan is in-consistent with a State management plan shall be resolved by the Governor of the af-fected State. (3) R
ELATION TO NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL  
POLICY ACT OF 1969 .—With regard to any major Federal action consistent with a State management plan, any findings, analyses, or conclusions regarding the greater sage- grouse and the habitat of the greater sage- grouse under section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C)) shall not have a preclusive effect on the approval or implementation of the major Federal action in that State. (4) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2027, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall jointly submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives a report describing the imple-mentation by the Secretaries of, and the ef-fectiveness of, systems to monitor the status of greater sage-grouse on Federal land under the jurisdiction of the Secretaries. (5) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regula-tions), this subsection, including any deter-mination made under paragraph (2)(C), shall not be subject to judicial review. 
SA 2727. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 560, line 16, insert ‘‘and, on re-quest, to any Member of Congress,’’ after ‘‘congressional defense committees’’. 
SA 2728. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 620, strike lines 19 and 20 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(B) United States citizens of Chinese de-scent. ‘‘(29) Efforts by China, in support of the military and security strategy of China, to influence the Western Hemisphere through involvement in Central and South America, including— ‘‘(A) by making donations or providing loans to— ‘‘(i) hemispheric or regional organizations the mandates of which focus on democracy and security; or ‘‘(ii) governments of any country in the re-gion for security or other investment pur-poses; and ‘‘(B) security cooperation efforts with or diplomatic campaigns in any country in the region, including Peru, Chile, Costa Rica, Panama, Brazil, Venezuela, Argentina, Bo-livia, Paraguay, Colombia, Ecuador, Hon-duras, Nicaragua, Cuba, and Uruguay. ‘‘(30) An assessment of the manner in which the activities described in paragraph (29) affect United States military strategy and operability in Central and South Amer-ica.’’. SA 2729. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2838. REPORT ON RELOCATION OF DEFENSE NON-TACTICAL GENERATOR AND RAIL EQUIPMENT CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Secretary of the Army, in co-ordination with the Secretary of the Air Force, shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report with a detailed plan for executing the relocation of the De-fense Non-Tactical Generator and Rail Equipment Center (DGRC) and all actions necessary to ultimately transfer property to the Utah Department of Transportation. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A detailed plan and timeline to relocate this mission to Anniston Army Depot and all necessary construction or renovation of fa-cilities at Anniston Army Depot. (2) A description of actions necessary to enable the transfer of Air Force property on Hill Air Force Base to the Utah Department of Transportation, including— (A) the demolition of facilities; (B) the construction or renovation of fa-cilities; (C) the environmental remediation re-quired; (D) funding programmed to facilitate the transfer of the property to the Utah Depart-ment of Transportation; and (E) any constraints to the execution of the transfer of the property by 2022. 
SA 2730. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1034 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1034. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE BASING OF KC-46A AIRCRAFT OUTSIDE THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Department of Defense is con-tinuing its process of permanently sta-tioning KC-46A aircraft at installations in the continental United States (CONUS) and forward-basing outside the continental United States (CONUS); (2) air refueling capability is a critical component of logistical capacity, and the Air National Guard fulfills the majority of air refueling requirements; (3) section 144 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) required the Secretary of De-fense to carry out a mobility capability and requirements study that includes an assess-ment of the air refueling tanker aircraft military requirement; and (4) upon completion of the study, it would beneficial to know how the Air Force will support the requirements for force structure and strategic laydown of aircraft necessary to implement the study. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force, as part of the strategic basing process for KC-46A aircraft, should continue to place emphasis on and consider the benefits de-rived from locations outside the continental United States that— (1) support day-to-day air refueling oper-ations, operations plans of the combatant commands, and flexibility for contingency operations, and have— (A) a strategic location that is essential to the defense of the United States and its in-terests; (B) receivers for boom or probe-and-drogue training opportunities with joint and inter-national partners; and (C) sufficient airfield and airspace avail-ability and capacity to meet requirements; and (2) possess facilities that— (A) take full advantage of existing infra-structure to provide— (i) runway, hangars, and aircrew and main-tenance operations; and (ii) sufficient fuels receipt, storage, and distribution capacities for a 5-day peacetime operations stock; and (B) minimize overall construction and operational costs. (c) B
RIEFING ON AIRREFUELING CAPABILI -
TIES.—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Sec-retary of the Air Force shall provide in co-ordination with the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate a briefing for Congress on how the Air Force will support the requirements for aerial refueling, including— (1) the current and future laydown plans for air refueling locations; (2) an overview of air refueling operations per air refueling wing locations to include the number of sortie requests, the number of sorties fulfilled, and the locations or mis-sions the sorties supported; (3) fully mission capable and aircraft avail-ability rates for all air refueling wings over the past 5 years; (4) an assessment of how the Air National Guard force structure, across all States and territories, can be leveraged to support cur-rent and emerging air refueling require-ments; (5) a description of the long-term plan to maintain adequate refueling capability to meet current and emerging requirements; (6) a review of manpower levels across the air refueling force, an identification of cur-rent and projected skill set gaps, and rec-ommendations on how to address these gaps; and (7) an overview of how the Air Force will determine the disposition of KC–135 aircraft as they are replaced by the arrival of KC–46 aircraft. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00313 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.034 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3708 June 11, 2018 
SA 2731. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1037. ANNUAL REPORTS ON MIDAIR RE-FUELING OPERATIONS CONDUCTED BY THE UNITED STATES FOR AIR-CRAFT OF FOREIGN MILITARY FORCES. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter, the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency shall, in co-ordination with the heads of other appro-priate departments, agencies, and elements of the United States Government, submit to Congress on a report on the midair refueling operations conducted by the United States for aircraft of foreign military forces during the one-period ending on the date of such re-port. (b) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—Each report under subsection (a) shall include, for the pe-riod covered by such report, the following: (1) A list of each foreign country whose military aircraft were provided midair re-fueling by the United States. (2) For each country listed pursuant to paragraph (1), a list of each type of military aircraft of such country provided midair re-fueling. (3) For each type of military aircraft of a country listed pursuant to paragraph (2)— (A) the aggregate number of gallons of air-craft fuel provided; and (B) the total number of sorties of United States aircraft involved in the provision of such fuel. 
SA 2732. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. . CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF UNILAT-ERAL TRADE ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title I of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2191 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 155. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF UNILAT-ERAL TRADE ACTIONS. 
‘‘(a) U NILATERAL TRADE ACTION DEFINED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘unilateral trade action’ means any of the following actions taken with respect to the importation of an article pursuant to a pro-vision of law specified in paragraph (2): ‘‘(A) A prohibition on importation of the article. ‘‘(B) The imposition of or an increase in a duty applicable to the article. ‘‘(C) The imposition or tightening of a tar-iff-rate quota applicable to the article. ‘‘(D) The imposition or tightening of a quantitative restriction on the importation of the article. ‘‘(E) The suspension, withdrawal, or pre-vention of the application of trade agree-ment concessions with respect to the article. ‘‘(F) Any other restriction on importation of the article. ‘‘(2) PROVISIONS OF LAW SPECIFIED .—The provisions of law specified in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) Section 122. ‘‘(B) Title III. ‘‘(C) Sections 406, 421, and 422. ‘‘(D) Section 338 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1338). ‘‘(E) Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862). ‘‘(F) Section 103(a) of the Bipartisan Con-gressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4202(a)). ‘‘(G) The Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.). ‘‘(H) The International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). ‘‘(I) Any provision of law enacted to imple-ment a trade agreement to which the United States is a party. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS  
TO HARMONIZED TARIFF SCHEDULE .—A tech- nical correction to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States shall not be considered a unilateral trade action for pur-poses of this section. ‘‘(b) C
ONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL REQUIRED .— Except as provided by subsection (d), a uni-lateral trade action may not take effect un-less— ‘‘(1) the President submits to Congress and to the Comptroller General of the United States a report that includes— ‘‘(A) a description of the proposed unilat-eral trade action; ‘‘(B) the proposed effective period for the action; ‘‘(C) an analysis of the action, including whether the action is in the national eco-nomic interest of the United States; ‘‘(D) an assessment of the potential effect of retaliation from trading partners affected by the action; and ‘‘(E) a list of articles that will be affected by the action by subheading number of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States; and ‘‘(2) a joint resolution of approval is en-acted pursuant to subsection (e). ‘‘(c) R
EPORT OF COMPTROLLER GENERAL .— Not later than 15 days after the submission of the report required by subsection (b)(1) with respect to a proposed unilateral trade action, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the proposed action that includes an assessment of the compli-ance of the President with the provision of law specified in subsection (a)(2) pursuant to which the action would be taken. ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY AUTHORITY .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this section, a unilateral trade action may take effect for one 90-calendar-day period (without renewal) if the President— ‘‘(1) determines that is necessary for the unilateral trade action to take effect be-cause the action is— ‘‘(A) necessary because of a national emer-gency; ‘‘(B) necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety; ‘‘(C) necessary for the enforcement of criminal laws; or ‘‘(D) necessary for national security; and ‘‘(2) submits written notice of the deter-mination to Congress. ‘‘(e) P
ROCEDURES FOR JOINT RESOLUTION .— ‘‘(1) J
OINT RESOLUTION DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘joint reso-lution’ means only a joint resolution of ei-ther House of Congress, the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘That Congress approves the action proposed by the President under section 155(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 in the report submitted to Congress under that section on lllllll.’, with the blank space being filled with the appropriate date. ‘‘(2) INTRODUCTION .—After a House of Con-gress receives a report under subsection (b)(1) with respect to a unilateral trade ac-tion, the majority leader of that House (or his or her respective designee) shall intro-duce (by request, if appropriate) a joint reso-lution— ‘‘(A) in the case of the House of Represent-atives, within 3 legislative days; and ‘‘(B) in the case of the Senate, within 3 ses-sion days. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION OF SECTION 152 .—The pro- visions of subsections (b) through (f) of sec-tion 152 shall apply to a joint resolution under this subsection to the same extent those provisions apply to a resolution under section 152. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT BY THE UNITED STATES INTER -
NATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION .—Not later than 12 months after the date of a unilateral trade action taken pursuant to this section, the United States International Trade Com-mission shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report on the effects of the action on the United States economy, including a com-prehensive assessment of the economic ef-fects of the action on producers and con-sumers in the United States.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 154 the following: ‘‘Sec. 155. Congressional review of unilateral trade actions.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) B
ALANCE -OF-PAYMENTS AUTHORITY .— Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2132) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the flush text fol-lowing paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and sub-ject to approval under section 155’’ after ‘‘Congress)’’; (B) in subsection (c), in the flush text fol-lowing paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and sub-ject to approval under section 155’’ after ‘‘Congress)’’; and (C) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘and subject to approval under section 155’’ after ‘‘of this section’’. (2) R
ULES OF HOUSE AND SENATE .—Section 151(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2191(a)) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and 153’’ and inserting ‘‘, 153, and 155’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and 153(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘, 153(a), and 155(e)’’. (3) E
NFORCEMENT OF RIGHTS UNDER TRADE  
AGREEMENTS .—Title III of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2411 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 301— (i) in subsection (a), in the flush text, by inserting ‘‘to approval under section 155 and’’ after ‘‘subsection (c), subject’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘to approval under section 155 and’’ after ‘‘sub-section (c), subject’’; (B) in section 305(a)(1), by inserting ‘‘to ap-proval under section 155 and’’ after ‘‘section 301, subject’’; and (C) in section 307(a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘to ap-proval under section 155 and’’ after ‘‘any ac-tion, subject’’. (4) M
ARKET DISRUPTION .—Section 406 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2436) is amend-ed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00314 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.036 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3709 June 11, 2018 
(A) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘With re-spect to’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to approval under section 155, with respect to’’; and (B) in subsection (c), in the second sen-tence, by striking ‘‘If the President’’ and in-serting ‘‘Subject to approval under section 155, if the President’’. (5) A
CTION TO ADDRESS MARKET DISRUP -
TION.—Section 421 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2451) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and subject to approval under section 155’’ after ‘‘of this section’’; (B) in subsection (i)(4)(A), by inserting ‘‘, subject to approval under section 155,’’ after ‘‘provisional relief and’’; (C) in subsection (k)(1), by striking ‘‘With-in 15 days’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to section 155, within 15 days’’; (D) by striking subsection (m) and by re-designating subsections (n) and (o) as sub-sections (m) and (n), respectively; (E) in subsection (m), as redesignated by subparagraph (D)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and sub-ject to approval under section 155’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and (F) in paragraph (3) of subsection (n), as re-designated by subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘subsection (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘this sec-tion’’. (6) A
CTION IN RESPONSE TO TRADE DIVER -
SION.—Section 422(h) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2451a(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘Within 20 days’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to approval under section 155, within 20 days’’. (7) D
ISCRIMINATION BY FOREIGN COUN -
TRIES .—Section 338 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1338) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’ after ‘‘by proclamation’’; (B) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974 and’’ after ‘‘hereby authorized,’’; (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Any proclamation’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974, any proclamation’’; (D) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974 and’’ after ‘‘he shall,’’; and (E) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974 and’’ after ‘‘he shall,’’. (8) S
AFEGUARDING NATIONAL SECURITY .— Section 232(c)(1)(B) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862(c)(1)(B)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’ after ‘‘shall’’. (9) B
IPARTISAN CONGRESSIONAL TRADE PRI -
ORITIES AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 .— Section 103(a) of the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4202(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘and approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; and (B) in paragraph (7), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘3524)’’. (10) I
NTERNATIONAL EMERGENCY ECONOMIC  
POWERS ACT .—Section 203(a)(1)(B) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702(a)(1)(B)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(subject to section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974)’’ after ‘‘importation’’. (11) T
RADING WITH THE ENEMY ACT .—Section 11 of the Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 4311) is amended by striking ‘‘When-ever’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974, whenever’’. (12) FREE TRADE AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTING  
BILLS .— (A) N
ORTH AMERICAN FREE TRADE AGREE -
MENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the North American Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3331) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and the consultation and layover requirements of section 103(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘, the consulta-tion and layover requirements of section 103(a), and approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’. (B) U
RUGUAY ROUND AGREEMENTS ACT .— Section 111 of the Uruguay Round Agree-ments Act (19 U.S.C. 3521) is amended— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and sub-ject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘2902)’’; (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 115’’; (iii) in subsection (c)(1)(A), in the flush text at the end, by striking ‘‘may’’ and in-serting ‘‘may, subject to approval under sec-tion 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (iv) in subsection (e)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 115’’. (C) U
NITED STATES -ISRAEL FREE TRADE AREA  
IMPLEMENTATION ACT OF 1985 .—Section 4 of the United States-Israel Free Trade Area Imple-mentation Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–47; 19 U.S.C. 2112 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and sub-ject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘subsection (c)’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and sub-ject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘subsection (c)’’. (D) U
NITED STATES -JORDAN FREE TRADE  
AREA IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 101 of the United States-Jordan Free Trade Area Implementation Act (Public Law 107–43; 19 U.S.C. 2112 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’. (E) D
OMINICAN REPUBLIC -CENTRAL AMERICA - 
UNITED STATES FREE TRADE AGREEMENT IM -
PLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the Do-minican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act (19 U.S.C. 4031) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (F) U
NITED STATES -CHILE FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Chile Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 108–77; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 103(a)’’. (G) UNITED STATES -SINGAPORE FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Pub-lic Law 108–78; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amend-ed— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 103(a)’’. (H) U
NITED STATES -AUSTRALIA FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Pub-lic Law 108–286; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amend-ed— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (I) U
NITED STATES -MOROCCO FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Morocco Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 108–302; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (J) U
NITED STATES -BAHRAIN FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 109–169; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (K) U
NITED STATES -OMAN FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 109–283; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (L) U
NITED STATES -PERU TRADE PROMOTION  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Peru Trade Pro-motion Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 110–138; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00315 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.035 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3710 June 11, 2018 
under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (M) U
NITED STATES -KOREA FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (N) U
NITED STATES -COLOMBIA TRADE PRO -
MOTION AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .— Section 201 of the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–42; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (O) U
NITED STATES -PANAMA TRADE PRO -
MOTION AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .— Section 201 of the United States-Panama Trade Promotion Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–43; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. 
SA 2733. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 525. PLAN TO MEET DEMAND FOR CYBER-SPACE CAREER FIELDS IN THE RE-SERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth a plan for meeting the increased demand for cyber-space career fields in the reserve components of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan shall take into account the following: (1) The availability of qualified local workforces. (2) Potential best practices of private sec-tor companies involved in cyberspace and of educational institutions with established cyberspace-related academic programs. (3) The potential for Total Force Integra-tion throughout the defense cyber commu-nity. (4) Recruitment strategies to attract indi-viduals with critical cyber training and skills to join the reserve components. (c) METRICS .—The plan shall include appro-priate metrics for use in the evaluation of the implementation of the plan. 
SA 2734. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON PERMANENT STA-TIONING OF UNITED STATES FORCES IN THE REPUBLIC OF PO-LAND OR OTHER LOCATION IN CEN-TRAL OR EASTERN EUROPE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of permanently stationing United States forces in the Republic of Poland or other location in Central or Eastern Europe. (b) E
LEMENT .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of permanently stationing a United States Army corps-level command element in the Republic of Poland or other location in Central or Eastern Eu-rope that includes the following: (1) An assessment whether a permanently stationed United States Army corps com-mand element would enhance deterrence against Russian aggression in Eastern Eu-rope. (2) A description of the added operational planning and warfighting capability that permanently stationing a corps headquarters element in the Republic of Poland or other location in Central or Eastern Europe would provide to United States European Com-mand, the United States Army Europe, and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. (3) An assessment of the actions the Rus-sian Federation may take in response to a United States decision to permanently sta-tion a corps headquarters in the Republic of Poland or other location in Central or East-ern Europe. (4) An assessment of the international po-litical considerations, including within the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, of per-manently stationing a corps headquarters in the Republic of Poland or other location in Central or Eastern Europe. (5) A description and assessment of the manner in which permanently establishing a corps headquarters in the Republic of Poland or other location in Central or Eastern Eu-rope would affect the ability of the Joint Force to carry out North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization treaty obligations and enhance coordination of operations and plans with North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies. (6) A description and assessment of the manner in which permanently establishing a corps headquarters in the Republic of Poland or other location in Central or Eastern Eu-rope would affect the ability of the Joint Force to execute Department of Defense con-tingency plans in Europe. (7) An assessment of whether such a corps headquarters in Poland or other location in Central or Eastern Europe would support im-plementation of the National Defense Strat-egy. (8) An identification and assessment of— (A) potential locations in the Republic of Poland or Central or Eastern Europe for sta-tioning such a corps headquarters element; (B) infrastructure investments that would be required by the United States and the Re-public of Poland, or the government of the applicable country in Central or Eastern Eu-rope, to support permanently stationing a corps headquarters in the Republic of Poland or other location in Central or Eastern Eu-rope; (C) any new agreements, or modifications to agreements, between the United States, the Republic of Poland or the government of the applicable country in Central or Easter Europe, and the North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization that would be required; (D) the logistics requirements that would be required to support stationing a corps headquarters in the Republic of Poland or other location in Central or Eastern Europe; and (E) an assessment of the willingness and ability of the Government of the Republic of Poland, or the government of the applicable country in Central or Eastern Europe, to provide host nation support. SA 2735. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON CONTINUED PROGRESS AT DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS WEST LOST ANGELES CAM-PUS. 
Section 2(h)(1) of the West Los Angeles Leasing Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–226) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the Secretary certifies’’ and inserting ‘‘the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary submits’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘that all recommendations included in the audit report or evaluation have been implemented’’ and inserting ‘‘a plan for addressing each recommendation in-cluded in the audit report or evaluation’’. 
SA 2736. Mr. CASEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XVII, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00316 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.035 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3711 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 1734. DETERMINATIONS OF ITEMS ESSEN-TIAL TO NATIONAL DEFENSE UNDER DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACT OF 1950. 
Section 303(a)(5) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4533(a)(5)) is amended, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, on a non-delegable basis,’’ and in-serting ‘‘or the Secretary of Defense’’. 
SA 2737. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 105 of the amendment, beginning on line 11, strike ‘‘The study and assessment performed pursuant to this section’’ and in-sert ‘‘The study and assessment performed pursuant to this subsection and subsection (b), respectively,’’. 
SA 2738. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Environmental Restoration, Navy, strike the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column and insert ‘‘$339,253’’. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Subtotal Environmental Restoration, Navy, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘$339,253’’. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Environmental Restoration, Air Force, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘$335,808’’. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Subtotal Environmental Restoration, Air Force, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘$335,808’’. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Total Miscellaneous Appro-priations, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘1,957,347’’. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Total Operation & Mainte-nance, strike the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column and insert ‘‘200,411,316’’. 
SA 2739. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORTS ON AID TO THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2018, and every December 31 thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a re-port on spending by Federal agencies and de-partments relating to amounts— (1) given by any Federal agency directly to the Government of the People’s Republic of China or a provincial or local government of the People’s Republic of China; (2) spent directly by Federal agencies to fund programs associated with the aid to the Government of the People’s Republic of China or a provincial or local government of the People’s Republic of China; and (3) spent by any Federal agency to fund programs that indirectly aid the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China or a provincial or local government of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The amounts spent by each Federal agency by program and funding stream. (2) An accounting of the use of funds by the People’s Republic of China by program. (3) A description of the mechanisms for tracking the use of funds by the People’s Re-public of China. (4) A description of the history of the pro-grams and initiatives funded by such funds. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
SA 2740. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. REPORT ON BENEFITS OF MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR ARMY BRIGADE COMBAT TEAM PLATFORMS (ABCT). 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds the fol-lowing: (1) There have been concerns with the Army’s strategy and timeline to modernize its Armored Brigade Combat Teams (referred to in this section as the ‘‘ABCT’’). These concerns include the modernization rate of ABCT combat vehicle platforms, such as Bradley and Abrams, being too slow and not keeping pace with modernization efforts of peer competitors. As a result, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate took action in the National Defense Authorization Act for FY2018 (Public Law 115-91) to increase modernization to a rate of approximately 1.5 brigades per year for certain platforms. (2) The Army’s budget request for fiscal year 2019 is encouraging and builds on the previous year’s momentum by proposing con-tinued modernization at a rate of approxi-mately 1.5 brigades per year. Given this in-creased investment for ABCT modernization, the Army should examine the cost benefits of using multiyear procurement contracts for all ABCT platforms. (3) The Senate supports the Army’s plan to pursue a Next Generation Combat Vehicle (referred to in this section as the ‘‘NGCV’’) and encourages further acceleration of the NGCV development effort. With an acceler-ated program timeline, significant time is required to successfully develop, test, build, and fully field a new NGCV vehicle. As a re-sult, the Senate supports the Army’s deci-sion to pursue the Bradley A4 upgrade pro-gram as a bridge to NGCV. (4) Section 809 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for FY2016 (Public Law 114– 92) established the Advisory Panel on Streamlining and Codifying Acquisition Reg-ulations in order to advise Congress on ways to improve the Department of Defense’s ac-quisition processes. In its May 2017 Interim Report, the panel concluded, ‘‘If the Army acquired [ABCT] vehicles at the rate of two brigades annually, however, the production efficiencies would save approximately $11 billion during the life of the program.’’. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than De-cember 1, 2018, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the benefits of multiyear procurement contracts for all Army Brigade Combat Team (ABCT) plat-forms, including a detailed cost-benefit anal-ysis and an examination of the costs and benefits of further increasing modernization to two brigades per year. 
SA 2741. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PRODUCTION OF ADVANCED LOW COST MUNITION ORDNANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall take all necessary measures to achieve low rate of initial production for the Advanced Low Cost Munition Ordnance (ALaMO), a guided 57 mm projectile, with fire-and-forget capability that requires no Littoral Combat Ship fire control system changes, to counter the growing threats posed by small boat swarms, unmanned aer-ial systems, and other emerging threats. (b) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated by this act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Navy for Procurement of Ammo, $34,000,000 shall be available for the procurement of the Advanced Low Cost Munition Ordnance (ALaMO). 
SA 2742. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00317 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.047 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3712 June 11, 2018 
other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2806. REPAIR OF FACILITIES. 
Section 2811 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(e) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—When a decision is made to carry out a repair project under this section, the Secretary concerned shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report containing— ‘‘(1) the justification for the repair project for which the notification is specified and warranted, the current estimate of the cost of the project, including, in the case of a multi-year repair project to a single facility, the total cost of all phases of the project, and any operation and maintenance, re-search, development, test and evaluation, or military construction funding expended or previously obligated for the same purpose; ‘‘(2) an explanation of the reasons why re-placement of the facility is not in the best interest of the Government; and ‘‘(3) a description of the elements of mili-tary construction, including the elements specified in section 2802(b) of this title, in-corporated into the repair project. ‘‘(f) D
ETERMINATION OF TOTAL PROJECT  C
OST.—In determining the total cost of a re-pair project, the Secretary concerned shall include all phases of a multi-year repair project to a single facility to include pre-vious operation and maintenance, research, development, test and evaluation, and mili-tary construction funding.’’. 
SA 2743. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2806. REPAIR OF FACILITIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Little Rock Air Force Base provides a unique and crucial capability, serving as the nation’s tactical airlift ‘‘Center of Excel-lence.’’ The continued successful operation of Little Rock Air Force Base is contingent on having a fully operational runway. Little Rock Air Force Base has been pursuing a fa-cilities, restoration and modernization project to achieve critical runway repairs. Previously provided reports and notifica-tions to Congress, as required by section 2811 of title 10, United States Code, have yielded conflicting and inconsistent information. (2) Facilities sustainment, restoration and modernization (FSRM) needs across the De-partment of Defense have continued to in-crease in the absence of traditional military construction resources. (3) Facilities sustainment, restoration and modernization projects continue to support the full function and operability of military installations nationwide. (b) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 2811 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(e) ADVANCE NOTIFICATION REQUIRED .—A repair project under this section may not be carried out unless approved in advance by the Secretary concerned and fourteen days have passed since submission of the report required under subsection (d).’’. 
SA 2744. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2823. LAND CONVEYANCE, CAMP JOSEPH T. ROBINSON, ARKANSAS. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-retary of the Army may convey, without consideration, to the Arkansas Department of Veterans Affairs (in this section referred to as ‘‘ADVA’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 141 acres located adjacent to Camp Joseph T. Robinson, Arkansas for the purpose of pro-viding long term expansion of the veteran cemetery, for the over 250,000 veterans in the State. The conveyance under this subsection is subject to valid existing rights. (b) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .—If the Sec-retary determines at any time that the real property conveyed under subsection (a) is not being used in accordance with the pur-pose of the conveyance specified in sub-section (a), all right, title, and interest in and to such real property, including any im-provements thereto, shall, at the option of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of imme-diate entry onto such real property. A deter-mination by the Secretary under this sub-section shall be made on the record after an opportunity for a hearing. (c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require that ADVA cover all costs (ex-cept costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Sec-retary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental docu-mentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from ADVA in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to ADVA. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as re-imbursement for costs incurred by the Sec-retary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance, or to an appropriate fund or ac-count currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SA 2745. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. REPORT ON EVALUATION AND OVER-SIGHT OF THE SENIOR RESERVE OF-FICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordina-tion with the Secretaries of the military de-partments, submit to Congress a report on the manner in which the Department of De-fense intends— (1) to improve the oversight and account-ability of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Train-ing Corps (ROTC) programs; and (2) to ensure that the Secretary of Defense, the Armed Forces, and Congress have a com-prehensive understanding whether particular programs are achieving desired results be-fore decisions to close or terminate such pro-grams are undertaken. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of— (A) existing Department of Defense proc-esses to evaluate the performance of the Sen-ior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps pro-grams; (B) the clarity of goals and objectives for the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs; (C) the frequency of evaluation of the Sen-ior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps pro-grams; (D) the adequacy of the oversight roles and responsibilities outlined in Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; and (E) the efforts undertaken by the Armed Forces to effectively communicate evalua-tions of the performance of the Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps programs to Congress and other key stakeholders before decisions to close or terminate particular programs are undertaken. (2) A description of— (A) the strategic goals and objectives of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs; (B) officer output requirements under the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps pro-grams, set forth by institution of higher edu-cation concerned; (C) attrition rates under the Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps programs, set 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00318 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.048 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3713 June 11, 2018 
forth by institution of higher education con-cerned; (D) the characteristics of quality officers graduating from Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs; and (E) the current timeline for any antici-pated closure or termination of a Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps program. (3) A detailed plan for— (A) improving the oversight and account-ability of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Train-ing Corps programs; and (B) ensuring the Secretary of Defense, the Armed Forces, and Congress have a com-prehensive understanding whether particular Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps pro-grams are achieving desired results before decisions to close or terminate such pro-grams are undertaken. 
SA 2746. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON USING THE CYBER SKILLS VALIDATION COURSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of each of the military departments shall each submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of using the Cyber Skills Validation Course for training members of the cyber forces of the National Guard. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A comparison of the current timeline and per-person cost for all training required for licensure or accreditation versus a pro-spective cost and timeline using the Cyber Skills Validation Course. (2) Details on current training curriculum, training course throughput expectations, manpower and infrastructure plans to com-plete cyber training, and effects on cyber readiness within the military departments. 
SA 2747. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: SEC. 144. PROCUREMENT OF REPLACEMENT WINGS FOR A–10 THUNDERHOG STORM PENETRATING AIRCRAFT OF NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION IN CONJUNCTION WITH AIR FORCE PROCUREMENT OF REPLACEMENT WINGS FOR A–10 TACTICAL AIR-CRAFT OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) P ROCUREMENT REQUIRED .—In carrying out the Air Force procurement program for replacement wings for A–10 tactical aircraft of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Air Force shall also procure such number of re-placement wings for A–10 Thunderhog Storm Penetrating Aircraft (SPA) of the National Science Foundation as the Director of the National Science Foundation shall specify. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR COST.—The cost of any replacement wing for an A–10 Thunderhog Storm Penetrating Aircraft pro-cured for the National Science Foundation pursuant to subsection (a) shall be borne by the National Science Foundation. 
SA 2748. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 1702(b), strike paragraphs (2) through (5) and insert the following: (2) the potential national security-related effects of the cumulative market share of or a pattern of recent transactions in any one type of infrastructure, energy asset, critical material, critical technology, or media or entertainment platform by foreign persons; (3) whether any foreign person that would acquire an interest in a United States busi-ness or its assets as a result of a transaction has a history of complying with United States laws and regulations; (4) the extent to which a transaction is likely to expose, either directly or indi-rectly, personally identifiable information, genetic information, or other sensitive data of United States citizens to access by a for-eign government or foreign person that may exploit that information in a manner that threatens national security; and (5) whether a transaction is likely to have the effect of exacerbating or creating new cybersecurity vulnerabilities in the United States or is likely to result in a foreign gov-ernment gaining a significant new capability to engage in malicious cyber-enabled activi-ties against the United States, to undermine media freedoms, or to facilitate the employ-ment of foreign disinformation, propaganda campaigns, or influence operations against the United States, including such activities designed to affect the outcome of any elec-tion for Federal office. (c) R
EPORT ON TRANSACTIONS WITHCENSOR -
SHIP IMPLICATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on investments by foreign persons in the entertainment and information sectors of the United States that includes an anal-ysis of the extent to which such investments have resulted in or could result in direct or indirect censorship, including self-censor-ship, within the United States. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (d) REPORT ON EFFORTS TO COORDINATE  S
CREENING OF SENSITIVE INVESTMENTS WITH A
LLIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall, in coordination with the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, submit to Congress a report on ongoing efforts of the United States to assist countries that are members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization or the European Union in the development and synchronization of best practices, standards, and processes to screen investments by coun-tries of special concern in critical tech-nology or critical infrastructure that would affect national security interests shared by the United States and such member coun-tries. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘‘country of special concern’’, ‘‘critical technology’’, and ‘‘critical infrastructure’’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 721(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703. 
SA 2749. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2838. AUTHORITY FOR LEASING REAL PROP-ERTY AT NAVAL AIR STATION KEY WEST, FLORIDA. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Navy may lease approximately 19 acres at Naval Air Station (NAS) Key West, Florida, for the purpose of constructing, operating, improv-ing, and maintaining housing upon such terms and conditions as the Secretary con-siders will promote the national defense or to be in the public interest. (b) C
ONDITIONS .—A lease under subsection (a)— (1) may not be for more than 50 years, un-less the Secretary determines that a lease for a longer period is necessary to meet the purpose of the lease identified in subsection (a); (2) may give the lessee the first right to buy the property if the lease is revoked to allow the United States to sell or transfer the property under any other provision of law; (3) may authorize the lessee to construct facilities on the property and to demolish or alter existing facilities; (4) may be for cash, or in-kind consider-ation as set forth in subsection (c); (5) may not provide for a leaseback by the Secretary or otherwise commit the Sec-retary or the Department of the Navy to any payment with respect to the property; and (6) may allow for reduced rents for quali-fied civilian employees of the United States Government as determined by the Secretary, as set forth in subsection (c). (c) I
N-KIND CONSIDERATION .—In-kind con-sideration will be acceptable as partial or total consideration for the lease and may be provided in the form of reduced rents or any other form of in-kind consideration accept-able under section 2667 of title 10, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00319 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.051 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3714 June 11, 2018 
States Code. The value of reduced rents as in-kind consideration shall be based on the difference between the market rent of a housing unit constructed by the lessee on the leased premises and the reduced rent of-fered by the lessee to a qualified civilian em-ployee as determined by the Secretary. (d) D
EPOSIT AND USE OF PROCEEDS .—The Secretary shall deposit and use any cash pro-ceeds from the lease under this section as prescribed in section 2667 of title 10, United States Code. (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the lease under this section as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the inter-ests of the United States. (f) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF SECTION 2662 OF T
ITLE 10.—The authority under this section is specifically exempt from the notice and wait process required by section 2662 of title 10, United States Code. (g) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF SECTION 2696 OF T
ITLE 10.—The authority under this section is specifically exempt from the screening process required by section 2696(b) of title 10, United States Code. (h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to violate sec-tion 5536 of title 5, United States Code. (i) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF TITLE V OFMCKIN-
NEY-VENTO HOMELESS ASSISTANCE ACT.—The authority under this section is specifically exempt from the screening process required by title V of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act of 1987 (42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.). (j) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF RANDOLPH -SHEPPARD  A
CT.—The authority under this section is specifically exempt from the requirements of the Randolph-Sheppard Act (20 U.S.C. 107 et seq). 
SA 2750. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XXII, add the following: 
SEC. 2205. IMPLEMENTATION OF FUTURE HOME-PORT DECISIONS BASED ON STRA-TEGIC DISPERSAL OBJECTIVES IN 2018 STRATEGIC LAYDOWN. 
Of the amount authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2019 for the Navy for op-eration and maintenance, $5,000,000 shall be available to begin planning and design ac-tivities to implement future homeport deci-sions based on strategic dispersal objectives in the 2018 Strategic Laydown. 
SA 2751. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 302. NAVY EXPERIMENTAL DIVE UNIT. 
Of the amount authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2019 for the Navy for op-eration and maintenance, $5,000,000 shall be available for the continued maintenance and use of the Navy Saturation Fly Away Diving System (SATFADS). 
SA 2752. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XVII, add the following: 
SEC. 1734. FEDERAL FOREIGN INVESTMENT ADVI-SORY COMMISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an advisory commission to be known as the ‘‘Federal Foreign Investment Advisory Com-mission’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Commission shall be composed of 12 members, of whom— (A) three shall be appointed by the major-ity leader of the Senate; (B) three shall be appointed by the minor-ity leader of the Senate; (C) three shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; and (D) three shall be appointed by the minor-ity leader of the House of Representatives. (2) E
XPERTISE .—In making appointments under paragraph (1), consideration shall be given to individuals with expertise in na-tional security, international trade, eco-nomic competitiveness, emerging tech-nologies, the health and sustainability of the United States defense industrial base, or critical infrastructure. (3) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—Members of the Commission shall be issued, pending a secu-rity background investigation, an appro-priate-level security clearance for the pur-pose of executing the duties of the Commis-sion. (4) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .— (A) I
NITIAL TERMS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Members of the Commis-sion shall be appointed for initial terms on a staggered-term basis, so that the majority leader and minority leader of the Senate and the Speaker and minority leader of the House of Representatives shall each select one appointee for an initial three-year term, with all other appointments being made for terms of two years each. (ii) C
OMMENCEMENT .—The initial terms re-ferred to in clause (i) shall commence on January 1, 2019. (B) S
UBSEQUENT APPOINTMENTS .—A member of the Commission may be reappointed for additional terms of two years each. (5) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy on the Com-mission shall not affect its powers, and shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (c) C
HAIRPERSON .—The President shall ap-point a Chairperson of the Commission from among the members of the Commission. (d) D
UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than annually, the Commission shall— (A) conduct a review on the effect of for-eign investment on the national and eco-nomic security of the United States; and (B) submit to Congress a report on the re-view. (2) ELEMENTS .—The review of the Commis-sion required by paragraph (1)(A) shall in-clude consideration of— (A) the economic and national security ef-fects of— (i) trends in foreign investment by eco-nomic sector; (ii) foreign purchases of United States fi-nancial assets, including government obliga-tions, corporate equity, real estate, and de-rivatives; (iii) transactions subject to review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States; (iv) greenfield investments by foreign enti-ties, including state-owned entities; (v) joint ventures between United States and foreign entities; (vi) strategic goals identified by the gov-ernments of foreign countries and supported by state-owned or state-influenced foreign and sovereign wealth fund investments in the United States; (B) the health and sustainability of the United States defense industrial base and United States manufacturing; (C) the protection of critical infrastructure in the United States; and (D) the safety and security of United States financial markets. (e) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION FROM COM-
MITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE  U
NITED STATES .—The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States shall pro-vide the Commission with timely access to information about reviews and investiga-tions conducted under section 721 of the De-fense Production Act of 1950, as amended by this title. (f) S
UBMISSION OF INFORMATION TO CON-
GRESS .—The Commission shall, in the discre-tion of the chairperson of the Commission, share any economic and national security concerns regarding reviews or investigations conducted by the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States under section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by this title, with Congress as the chairperson considers appropriate. (g) A
PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE ACT.—The Federal Advisory Commission Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply with respect to the Commission. 
SA 2753. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 633. AUTHORITY FOR CONSOLIDATION OR MERGER OF DEFENSE COMMISSARY SYSTEM AND EXCHANGE SYSTEM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR CONSOLIDATION OR  M
ERGER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 147 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00320 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.054 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3715 June 11, 2018 
‘‘§ 2490. Defense commissary system and ex-change stores system: consolidation or merger ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter or any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense may consolidate or otherwise merge, wheth-er in whole or in part, the operations or ad-ministration of the defense commissary sys-tem and the exchange stores system if the Secretary determines that the consolidation or merger will reduce the overall cost of op-erations, administration, or both of the de-fense commissary system, the exchange stores system, or both systems. ‘‘(b) T
REATMENT OF AUTHORITY .—This sec- tion constitutes specific authority for the consolidation or merger of the operations and administration of the defense com-missary system and the exchange stores sys-tem for purposes of section 2487(b) of this title and any other provision of law that pro-hibits or limits the consolidation or merger of the operations or administration of the systems.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II of chapter 147 of such title is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘2490. Defense commissary system and ex-change stores system: consoli-dation or merger.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 147 of title 10, United States Code, is further amended as follows: (1) In section 2481(a), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in section 2490 of this title, the Sec-retary of Defense’’. (2) In section 2487(a)(1), by inserting ‘‘and section 2490 of this title’’ after ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (2)’’. 
SA 2754. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. CRIMES TARGETING LAW ENFORCE-MENT OFFICERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 120. Crimes targeting law enforcement offi-cers ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Whoever, in any cir-cumstance described in subsection (b), know-ingly causes bodily injury to any person, or attempts to do so, because of the actual or perceived status of the person as a law en-forcement officer— ‘‘(1) shall be imprisoned not more than 10 years, fined in accordance with this title, or both; and ‘‘(2) shall be imprisoned for any term of years or for life, fined in accordance with this title, or both, if— ‘‘(A) death results from the offense; or ‘‘(B) the offense includes kidnapping or an attempt to kidnap, or an attempt to kill. ‘‘(b) C
IRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED .—For pur- poses of subsection (a), the circumstances described in this subparagraph are that— ‘‘(1) the conduct described in subsection (a) occurs during the course of, or as the result of, the travel of the defendant or the vic-tim— ‘‘(A) across a State line or national border; or ‘‘(B) using a channel, facility, or instru-mentality of interstate or foreign commerce; ‘‘(2) the defendant uses a channel, facility, or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in connection with the conduct described in subsection (a); ‘‘(3) in connection with the conduct de-scribed in subsection (a), the defendant em-ploys a firearm, dangerous weapon, explosive or incendiary device, or other weapon that has traveled in interstate or foreign com-merce; or ‘‘(4) the conduct described in subsection (a)— ‘‘(A) interferes with commercial or other economic activity in which the victim is en-gaged at the time of the conduct; or ‘‘(B) otherwise affects interstate or foreign commerce. ‘‘(c) CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No prosecution of any of-fense described in this section may be under-taken by the United States, except under the certification in writing of the Attorney Gen-eral, or a designee, that— ‘‘(A) the State does not have jurisdiction; ‘‘(B) the State has requested that the Fed-eral Government assume jurisdiction; ‘‘(C) the verdict or sentence obtained pur-suant to State charges left demonstratively unvindicated the Federal interest in pro-tecting the public safety; or ‘‘(D) a prosecution by the United States is in the public interest and necessary to se-cure substantial justice. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority of Federal officers, or a Fed-eral grand jury, to investigate possible viola-tions of this section. ‘‘(d) G
UIDELINES .—All prosecutions con-ducted by the United States under this sec-tion shall be undertaken pursuant to guide-lines issued by the Attorney General, or the designee of the Attorney General, to be in-cluded in the United States Attorneys’ Man-ual that shall establish neutral and objective criteria for determining whether a crime was committed because of the actual or per-ceived status of any person. ‘‘(e) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) O
FFENSES NOT RESULTING IN DEATH .— Except as provided in paragraph (2), no per-son shall be prosecuted, tried, or punished for any offense under this section unless the indictment for such offense is found, or the information for such offense is instituted, not later than 7 years after the date on which the offense was committed. ‘‘(2) O
FFENSES RESULTING IN DEATH .—An in- dictment or information alleging that an of-fense under this section resulted in death may be found or instituted at any time with-out limitation. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) L
AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The term ‘law enforcement officer’ means an employee of a governmental or public agency who is authorized by law— ‘‘(A) to engage in or supervise the preven-tion, detention, investigation, or the incar-ceration of any person for any criminal vio-lation of law; and ‘‘(B) to apprehend or arrest a person for any criminal violation of law. ‘‘(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ includes the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and any other territory or possession of the United States.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘120. Crimes targeting law enforcement offi-cers.’’. SA 2755. Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. T
HUNE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 323. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE USE OF AIRSPACE AND ENVIRON-MENTAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secretary of Defense shall provide a report documenting efforts made toward improving processes to resolve persistent challenges for special use airspace requests in support of, or associated with, short notice testing requirements at Major Range and Test Facility Bases, specifically, establishment of Temporary Military Oper-ations Areas used for conducting short term, scheduled exercises. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) Analysis of previous efforts to stream-line internal processes associated with the designation of Temporary Military Oper-ations Areas at Major Range and Test Facil-ity Bases and for scheduled exercises. (2) Analysis of progress made to ensure consistency of environmental review, includ-ing impact analysis, associated environ-mental studies, or consultation, while com-plying with the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and other environmental requirements. (3) Identification of challenges to creating common National Environmental Policy Act Categorical Exclusions. (4) A description of airspace requirements, current Test/Training Space Needs State-ments completed in the last 10 years, and fu-ture 5 year requirements, including all Tem-porary Military Operating Areas, Special Use Airspaces, Instrument Routes, Visual Routes, and unfulfilled user requirements. (5) Proposed options and solutions to over-come identified challenges, including identi-fying whether— (A) a solution or solutions can be incor-porated within the existing Federal Aviation Administration and Department of Defense Memorandum of Understanding; or (B) changes to current legislation are re-quired. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
AJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILITY BASE .— The term ‘‘Major Range and Test Facility Base’’ has the meaning given the term in section 196(i) of title 10, United States Code. (2) S
PECIAL USE AIRSPACE .—The term ‘‘spe-cial use airspace’’ means certain designa-tions of airspace designated by the Federal Aviation Administration, as administered by the Secretary of the Air Force. 
SA 2756. Mr. REED proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2700 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
OOMEY (for himself, Mr. C ORKER , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. K EN-
NEDY )) to the amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00321 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.055 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3716 June 11, 2018 
Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: (c) A
UTHORIZATION BY CONGRESS .—Section 4209(a)(1) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the Secretary shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and ‘‘(B) may carry out such activities only if amounts are authorized to be appropriated for such activities by an Act of Congress con-sistent with section 660 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (50 U.S.C. 7270).’’. 
SA 2757. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXXI, add the following: 
SEC. 3105. ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS FOR INERTIAL CONFINEMENT FUSION AND HIGH YIELD PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the amounts specified in the funding table in section 4701, the total amount authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019 for research, develop-ment, test and evaluation and available for the inertial confinement fusion and high yield program shall be $518,927,000, to be allo-cated as follows: (1) Ignition, $69,575,000. (2) Support of other stockpile programs, $22,565,000. (3) Diagnostics, cryogenics, and experi-mental support, $74,194,000. (4) Pulsed power inertial confinement fu-sion, $8,310,000. (5) Joint program in high energy density laboratory plasmas, $9,492,000. (6) Facility operations and target produc-tion, $334,791,000. (b) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019 by section 3102 and avail-able as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4701 for defense environmental cleanup for excess facilities is hereby reduced by $100,000,000. 
SA 2758. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. PLANS TO IMPROVE MEDICAL FACILI-TIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— (1) P
LANS OF DIRECTORS OF MEDICAL FACILI -
TIES.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall require each direc-tor of a medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs to submit to the director of the Veterans Integrated Service Network that covers the facility a plan to improve such facility. (2) P
LANS OF DIRECTORS OF VETERANS INTE -
GRATED SERVICE NETWORKS .—The Secretary shall require each director of a Veterans In-tegrated Service Network to submit to the Secretary, not later than 60 days after re-ceiving all of the plans under paragraph (1), a plan, based on the plans received under paragraph (1), to improve the facilities with-in the Veterans Integrated Service Network in such a fashion that would improve the ability of all facilities within the network to provide the best and most efficient care to their patients. (b) R
EGULAR REPORTS .—The Secretary shall ensure that each director of a Veterans Integrated Service Network submits to the Secretary, not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every two years thereafter, a report on the actions taken by the director to improve the facilities within that Veterans Integrated Service Network and what further such actions might be nec-essary. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON USE OF AUTHORI -
TIES TOINVESTIGATE MEDICAL CENTERS OF  
THEDEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs should make full use of the authorities provided by section 2 of the En-hancing Veteran Care Act (Public Law 115– 95; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note). 
SA 2759. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mrs. E RNST , and Mr. V AN H
OLLEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PESHMERGA FORCES. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the Peshmerga forces of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq have made, and continue to make, significant contributions to the United States-led campaign to degrade, dis-mantle, and ultimately defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) in Iraq; (2) a lasting defeat of ISIS is critical to maintaining a stable and tolerant Iraq in which all faiths, sects, and ethnicities are af-forded equal protection and full integration into the Government and society of Iraq; and (3) in support of counter-ISIS operations and in conjunction with the Central Govern-ment of Iraq, the United States should pro-vide the Ministry of Peshmerga forces of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq $290,000,000 in oper-ational sustainment, so that the Peshmerga forces can more effectively partner with the Iraqi Security Forces, the United States, and other international Coalition members to consolidate gains, hold territory, and protect infrastructure from ISIS and its affiliates in an effort to deal a lasting defeat to ISIS and prevent its reemergence in Iraq. SA 2760. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 103llll. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO ISSUE ELECTRIC GRID ORDERS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for any fiscal year may be obligated or expended to issue any order pursuant to sec-tion 101 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4511) or section 202(c) of the Fed-eral Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(c)) that re-quires any entity— (1) to purchase electric energy based on the fuel used to generate the electric energy; or (2) to generate or sell electric energy un-less the electric energy is required to meet an existing or imminent shortage of electric energy and the demand for electric energy cannot otherwise be met. 
SA 2761. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Mr. S CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1052. REPORT ON THE AIR REFUELING RE-CEIVER DEMAND ANALYTICAL MODEL OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) consistent with the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, the Air Force is undertaking an updated mobil-ity capability and requirements study that will reflect guidance articulated in the 2018 National Defense Strategy; and (2) that study should address the Air Re-fueling Receiver Demand Analytical model used by the Department of the Air Force for its Strategic Basing process. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary of Air Force shall sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the results of a review, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the Air Refueling Receiver De-mand Analytical model. (2) P
ARTICULAR ELEMENT .—The report shall include such recommendations of the Sec-retary for adjustments to the Air Refueling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00322 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.055 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3717 June 11, 2018 
Receiver Demand Analytical model as the Secretary considers appropriate in order to ensure that the model addresses changes in refueling requirements along the Northern Tier of the United States as a result of the 2018 National Defense Strategy and associ-ated mobility capability requirements, in-cluding, in particular, in connection with the growth of activities in the Northern Polar region by global and regional powers. 
SA 2762. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. INITIATIVE ON IMPROVING THE CA-PACITY OF MILITARY LAW ENFORCE-MENT TO PREVENT CHILD SEXUAL EXPLOITATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness shall establish an initiative on improving the capacity of military law enforcement to prevent child sexual exploi-tation. Under the initiative, the Under Sec-retary shall assess the feasibility and advis-ability of working with an external partner to train military law enforcement officials at Department of Defense installations, from all military departments, regarding online investigative technology, tools, and tech-niques, computer forensics, complex evi-dentiary issues, child victim identification, child victim referral for treatment and serv-ices, and related instruction. (b) P
ARTNERSHIPS AND AGREEMENTS .— Under the initiative, the Under Secretary shall develop partnerships and establish col-laborative agreements with the following: (1) A highly qualified national child pro-tection organization or law enforcement training center with demonstrated expertise in the delivery of law enforcement training to detect, identify, investigate, and pros-ecute individuals engaged in the trading or production of child pornography and the on-line solicitation of children. (2) A highly qualified national child pro-tection organization with demonstrated ex-pertise in the delivery of intervention serv-ices for victims of child sexual exploitation to partner with military installations in the delivery of trainings on trauma-informed mental health therapies, such as Trauma-Fo-cused Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, Child and Family Traumatic Stress Intervention, and other trauma-focused modalities that can be used to compliment and maximize the effectiveness of the multidisciplinary team approach. (3) A national network of civilian providers located in same communities as military in-stallations that deliver the children’s advo-cacy center model of a multidisciplinary team response and child-friendly approach to identifying, investigating, prosecuting, and intervening in child sexual exploitation cases that can partner with military instal-lations on law enforcement, child protection, prosecution, mental health, medical and vic-tim advocacy to investigate sexual exploi-tation, help children heal from sexual exploi-tation, and hold offenders accountable. (4) State and local authorities to address law enforcement capacity in communities where military installations are located, and to prevent lapses in jurisdiction that would undercut the Department’s efforts to prevent child sexual exploitation. (5) The National Association to Protect Children and the United States Special Oper-ations Command Care Coalition to replicate successful outcomes of the Human Exploi-tation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Res-cue Corps program within military criminal investigative organizations and other De-partment components to combat child sexual exploitation. (c) LOCATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary shall carry out the initiative— (A) in at least two States where there is a high density of Department network users in comparison to the overall population of the States; (B) in at least two States where there is a high population of Department network users; (C) in at least two States where there is a large percentage of Indian children, includ-ing children who are Alaska Natives or Na-tive Hawaiians; (D) in at least one State with a population with fewer than 2,000,000 people; (E) in at least one State with a population with fewer than 5,000,000 people, but not fewer than 2,000,000 people; (F) in at least one State with a population with fewer than 10,000,000 people, but not fewer than 5,000,000; and (G) in at least one State with a population with 10,000,000 or more people. (2) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—The Under Secretary shall ensure that the locations at which the initiative is carried out are dis-tributed across different regions. (d) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In car- rying out the initiative, the Under Secretary shall— (1) participate in multi-jurisdictional task forces; (2) establish cooperative agreements to fa-cilitate co-training and collaboration with Federal, State, and local law enforcement; and (3) develop a streamlined process to refer child sexual abuse cases to other jurisdic-tions. 
SA 2763. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. llll. REPORT ON BALLISTIC MISSILE DE-FENSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Secretary of Defense is conducting a ballistic missile defense review that will assess the capabilities and requirements for homeland, regional, and theater missile de-fense. (2) This review will have significant impli-cations for national security and potentially on resource prioritization and requirements. (3) The review was initially expected to have been completed by January but has been delayed several months due to revisions and has not yet been submitted to Congress. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on ballistic missile defense that addresses the implications for planned programs of record, costs and resource prioritization, and stra-tegic stability. (c) CBO REPORT ON COSTS RELATING TO  B
ALLISTIC , C RUISE , AND HYPERSONIC DE-
FENSES OF THE UNITED STATES .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Congressional Budget Office shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the fol-lowing: (A) An estimate of the costs over the 10- year period beginning on the date of the re-port associated with— (i) fielding and maintaining the current and planned ballistic, cruise, and hypersonic defenses of the United States; and (ii) implementing any new recommenda-tions of the Ballistic Missile Defense Review with regard to ballistic, cruise, and hypersonic defenses. (B) An estimate of the costs to design, launch, maintain, and operate space-based sensors and interceptors of different con-stellation sizes ranging from limited to com-prehensive. (2) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 2764. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXXI, add the following: 
SEC. 3105. ELIMINATION OF FUNDING FOR W76–2 WARHEAD MODIFICATION PRO-GRAM. 
The amount authorized to be appropriated by section 3101 and available as specified in the funding table in section 4701 for weapons activities for the W76–2 warhead modifica-tion program is hereby reduced to $0. 
SA 2765. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Ms. C ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXXI, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00323 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.057 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3718 June 11, 2018 
SEC. 3105. AVAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS FOR DENUCLEARIZATION OF DEMO-CRATIC PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF NORTH KOREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amount authorized to be appropriated by section 3101 and avail-able as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4701 for defense nuclear nonproliferation is hereby increased by $65,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available to de-velop and prepare to implement a com-prehensive, long-term monitoring and verification program for activities related to the phased denuclearization of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of North Korea, in coordination with relevant international partners and organizations. (b) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be appropriated by section 3101 and available as specified in the funding table in section 4701 for weapons activities for the W76–2 warhead modification program is hereby reduced by $65,000,000. 
SA 2766. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. S CHUMER ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. INCLUSION ON THE VIETNAM VET-ERANS MEMORIAL WALL OF THE NAMES OF THE CREW MEMBERS OF THE U.S.S. FRANK E. EVANS KILLED ON JUNE 3, 1969. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall authorize the inclusion on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall in the District of Colombia of the names of the 74 crew members of the U.S.S. Frank E. Evans killed on June 3, 1969. (b) F
ACILITATION OF INCLUSION OF NAMES .— The National Park Service, the National Capital Planning Commission, the Commis-sion on Fine Arts, and other applicable au-thorities are encouraged to approve adjust-ments to the nomenclature and placement of names pursuant to subsection (a) to address any space limitations on the placement of additional names on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall. 
SA 2767. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following: 
SEC. 3119. EXTENSION OF OFFICE OF RIVER PRO-TECTION. 
Section 4442(e) of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2622(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2024’’. SA 2768. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM TO EXTEND PAVE-MENT LIFE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Army may carry out a pilot program to de-sign, build, and test technologies and innova-tive pavement materials in order to extend the service life of military roads and run-ways. (b) S
COPE.—The pilot program authorized by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The design, test and assembly of tech-nologies and systems suitable for pavement applications. (2) Research, development, and testing of new pavement materials for road and runway use in different geographic areas in the United States. (3) Design and procurement of platforms and equipment to test performance, cost, feasibility, and effectiveness. (c) C
OMPETITION REQUIREMENTS .—Any award of a contract or grant under the pilot program authorized by subsection (a) shall be made using merit-based selection proce-dures. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than two years after the commencement of the pilot pro-gram, the Secretary of the Army shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot program. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the effectiveness of activities under the pilot program in improv-ing the service life of military roads and run-ways. (B) An analysis of potential lifetime cost- savings associated with the extended service life of the runways and roads as well as po-tential reduction in energy demands. (e) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thorities under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2024. 
SA 2769. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SMALL BUSINESS STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 136 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2282. Department of defense small business strategy ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense shall implement a small business strat-egy for the Department of Defense that meets the requirements of this section. ‘‘(b) U
NIFIED MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE .—As part of the small business strategy described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that there is a unified management struc-ture within the Department for the functions of the Department relating to— ‘‘(1) programs and activities related to small business concerns (as defined in sec-tion 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); ‘‘(2) manufacturing and industrial base pol-icy; and ‘‘(3) any procurement technical assistance program established under chapter 142 of this title. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE OF SMALL BUSINESS PRO-
GRAMS .—The Secretary shall ensure that programs and activities of the Department of Defense related to small business concerns are carried out so as to further national de-fense programs and priorities and the state-ments of purpose for Department of Defense acquisition set forth in section 801 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1449). ‘‘(d) P
OINTS OF ENTRY INTODEFENSE MAR-
KET.—The Secretary shall ensure— ‘‘(1) that opportunities for small business concerns to contract with the Department of Defense are identified clearly; and ‘‘(2) that small business concerns are able to have access to program managers, con-tracting officers, and other persons using the products or services of such concern to the extent necessary to inform such persons of emerging and existing capabilities of such concerns. ‘‘(e) E
NHANCED OUTREACH UNDER PROCURE -
MENT TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM MAR-
KET.—The Secretary shall enable and pro-mote activities to provide coordinated out-reach to small business concerns through any procurement technical assistance pro-gram established under chapter 142 of this title to facilitate small business contracting with the Department of Defense.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2282. Department of Defense small business strategy.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop the small business strategy re-quired by section 2282 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS AND PUBLICATION .— Upon completion of the development of the small business strategy pursuant to para-graph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) transmit the strategy to Congress; and (B) publish the strategy on a public website of the Department of Defense. 
SA 2770. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. D
URBIN  to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00324 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.064 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3719 June 11, 2018 
year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1126. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION RE-GARDING TRAVEL BY CERTAIN SEN-IOR OFFICIALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5707 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL DISCLOSURE OF INFORMA -
TION REGARDING TRAVEL BY CERTAIN SENIOR  O
FFICIALS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘Administrator’ means the Administrator of General Services; ‘‘(B) the term ‘covered individual’ means— ‘‘(i) the head of an Executive agency; or ‘‘(ii) an individual serving in a position at level I or II of the Executive Schedule under section 5312 or 5313, respectively; ‘‘(C) the term ‘machine-readable form’ means a format in which information or data can be easily processed by a computer with-out human intervention while ensuring no semantic meaning is lost; ‘‘(D) the term ‘open format’ means a tech-nical format based on an underlying open standard that is— ‘‘(i) not encumbered by restrictions that would impede use or reuse; and ‘‘(ii) based on an underlying open standard that is maintained by a standards organiza-tion; and ‘‘(E) the term ‘travel information website’ means the website used by the Adminis-trator to make available information under paragraph (2)(B)(i). ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF TRAVEL INFOR -
MATION FOR COVERED INDIVIDUALS .— ‘‘(A) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 30 busi-ness days after the end of each calendar quarter, each Executive agency employing 1 or more covered individuals who performed official travel during the calendar quarter shall submit to the Administrator data in machine-readable form and open format re-garding the travel by each such covered indi-vidual during the calendar quarter on a com-mercial aircraft, privately-owned aircraft, or Government-owned or Government-leased aircraft, which shall include— ‘‘(i) the duration of the travel; ‘‘(ii) the destination or destinations of the travel; ‘‘(iii) the individuals in the travel party; ‘‘(iv) the justification for the travel; ‘‘(v) the authorizing official who approved the travel; and ‘‘(vi) the total cost to the Government for— ‘‘(I) the travel as a whole; ‘‘(II) transportation during the travel; and ‘‘(III) lodging accommodations during the travel. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall make available online to the public, at no cost to access, the information provided by Executive agencies to the Administrator under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) N
ATIONAL SECURITY INFORMATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—An Executive agency may exclude national security sensitive travel information from the travel informa-tion submitted to the Administrator if the Executive agency determines public online disclosure of the national security sensitive travel information would result in harm to national security interests. ‘‘(II) J
USTIFICATION .—Each Executive agen-cy shall establish and preserve an accurate record documenting each instance in which the Executive agency excluded national se-curity sensitive travel information from sub-mission, as authorized in subclause (I), which shall include information explaining how public online disclosure of the national secu-rity sensitive travel information would have resulted in harm to national security inter-ests. ‘‘(C) USE OF EXISTING RESOURCES .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Adminis-trator shall use a website in existence on the date of enactment of this subsection to carry out this subsection. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 30 business days after the date on which the Ad-ministrator receives information from an Executive agency regarding travel by a cov-ered individual under paragraph (2)(A), the Administrator shall make the information available on the travel information website. ‘‘(4) C
LASSIFIED TRIPS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this sub-section shall preclude an Executive agency from excluding from the information sub-mitted to the Administrator information re-garding classified travel. ‘‘(B) M
AINTAINING OF INFORMATION .—An Ex- ecutive agency shall maintain information relating to classified travel by a covered em-ployee until the end of the 2-year period be-ginning on the date on which the classified travel concludes. ‘‘(5) A
UDITING .—The Inspector General of each Executive agency may, as determined appropriate by the Inspector General— ‘‘(A) conduct and publish an audit of the accuracy and completeness of information the Executive agency provides to the Admin-istrator under paragraph (2)(A); ‘‘(B) conduct an audit of determinations by the Executive agency to exclude information under paragraph (2)(B)(ii) to ensure each such decision was appropriate and justified in regard to protecting national security in-terests from harm that would have resulted from public online disclosure; and ‘‘(C) provide each committee of Congress with jurisdiction over the activities of or ap-propriations for the Executive agency with written notification if the Inspector General determines that the Executive agency is im-properly withholding, or failed to justify the withholding of, information from the Admin-istrator under paragraph (2)(B)(ii).’’. (b) R
ELATION TO OTHER REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Nothing in the amendment made by subsection (a) shall be construed to modify or supercede the reporting require-ments under the Federal Travel Regulation (including the requirements relating to the Senior Federal Travel report, or any suc-cessor thereto) or under any other provision of law. 
SA 2771. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3ll. DOE MANUFACTURING TRADES EDU-CATION GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Energy. (2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means an entity described in sub-section (c). (3) E
LIGIBLE PROGRAM OF EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘eligible program of education’’ means a program of education described in sub-section (d). (4) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). (5) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the DOE Manufacturing Trades Education Grant Program established under subsection (b)(1). (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Education, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, and the heads of such other relevant Federal agencies as the Secretary considers appro-priate, may establish a grant program, to be known as the ‘‘DOE Manufacturing Trades Education Grant Program’’, under which the Secretary shall make grants on a competi-tive basis to eligible entities to carry out eli-gible programs of education that provide rec-ognized postsecondary credentials to en-hance existing programs of, or the establish-ment of new programs at, the Department in manufacturing trades education to further the missions of the national security labora-tories of the Department and National Nu-clear Security Administration production sites. (2) G
RANT PERIOD .—The term of a grant made under the Program shall be 5 years. (3) C
OORDINATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall ensure that the Program is coordinated with other programs of the Department that are associated with advanced manufacturing activities that carry out the missions of the national security laboratories of the Depart-ment and National Nuclear Security Admin-istration production sites. (c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to receive a grant under the Program, an entity shall be— (1) a manufacturing trades industry orga-nization; (2) a nonprofit organization; (3) an institution of higher education; (4) a workforce intermediary; or (5) a consortium of 2 or more entities de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (4). (d) E
LIGIBLE PROGRAMS OF EDUCATION .—An eligible entity receiving a grant under the Program shall use the grant to carry out a consolidated and integrated multidisci-plinary program of education that— (1) provides postsecondary credentials; (2) is a technical skills-based training pro-gram; and (3) emphasizes— (A) multidisciplinary instruction that— (i) encompasses the total manufacturing engineering enterprise; and (ii) may include— (I) manufacturing trades education and training through classroom activities, lab-oratory, or employer site activities, on the job training activities, participation in em-ployer site projects, sponsored pre-appren-ticeship or apprenticeship programs, cooper-ative work-study programs, and interactions with other industrial facilities, consortia, or such other activities and organizations in the United States and foreign countries as the Secretary considers appropriate; (II) subject matter expert development programs; (III) recruitment of experienced and li-censed professionals that are highly quali-fied in relevant manufacturing trades to teach or develop manufacturing trade courses and program content; (IV) presentation of seminars, workshops, and training for the development of specific manufacturing trades skills; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00325 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.062 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3720 June 11, 2018 
(V) activities involving interaction be-tween students and industry, including pro-grams for visiting experts from industry or other sites or industry and personnel ex-changes between the national security lab-oratories of the Department and National Nuclear Security Administration production sites; (VI) development of new, or updating and modification of existing, manufacturing trades curriculum, course offerings, and edu-cation programs; (VII) establishment of programs in manu-facturing workforce training that are spe-cific to the unique skills and requirements needed at the national security laboratories of the Department and National Nuclear Se-curity Administration production sites; (VIII) establishment of joint manufac-turing trades education programs with de-fense laboratories, depots, the national secu-rity laboratories of the Department, and Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration pro-duction sites; and (IX) expansion of manufacturing trades training and education programs and out-reach for members of the Armed Forces, de-pendents and children of members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and employees of the Department of Defense, the national se-curity laboratories of the Department, and National Nuclear Security Administration production sites; (B) opportunities for students to obtain work experience in manufacturing through such activities as apprenticeship and preapprenticeship programs, internships, summer job placements, or cooperative work-study programs; and (C) faculty and student engagement with industry that is directly related to, and sup-portive of, the education of students in the manufacturing trades because of— (i) the increased understanding of the stu-dents of manufacturing challenges and po-tential solutions; and (ii) the enhanced quality and effectiveness of the instruction that result from that in-creased understanding. (e) S
ELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENTS .— (1) A
PPLICATIONS .—If the Secretary estab-lishes the Program, the Secretary shall so-licit applications for grants. (2) M
ERIT COMPETITION .—The Secretary shall evaluate applications received under paragraph (1) on the basis of merit pursuant to competitive procedures prescribed by the Secretary. (3) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall select for grants under the Program eligible enti-ties that demonstrate in the application of the eligible entity how the eligible program of education to be carried out using the grant will, at a minimum— (A) provide students access to registered apprenticeship or preapprenticeship pro-grams for improving trades education in manufacturing technology; (B) contain innovative approaches for im-proving trades education in manufacturing technology; (C) demonstrate a strong commitment to applying the resources necessary to achieve the objectives of the eligible program of edu-cation; (D) provide for effective engagement with industry or government organizations that— (i) supports the instruction to be provided in the eligible program of education; and (ii) is likely to improve manufacturing ca-pability and technology; (E) demonstrates a significant level of in-volvement of United States industry in the proposed instructional and research activi-ties; (F) is likely to attract regional students that will likely have long careers at the na-tional security laboratories of the Depart-ment and National Nuclear Security Admin-istration production sites; (G) promote careers in manufacturing trades at the national security laboratories of the Department and National Nuclear Se-curity Administration production sites; (H) involve fully qualified personnel and employer site subject matter experts who are experienced in manufacturing engineering education and technology; (I) not later than 3 years after the date on which the grant is made, attract non-Federal funding and other support to sustain the eli-gible program of education; (J) achieve a significant level of participa-tion by women, members of minority groups, young adults ages 17 to 29, and individuals with disabilities through active recruitment; and (K) train students in advanced manufac-turing trades and in relevant emerging tech-nologies and production processes. (4) GEOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION OF  
GRANTS .—In making grants under the Pro-gram, the Secretary, to the maximum extent practicable, shall avoid a geographical con-centration of grants. 
SA 2772. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. E
RNST , and Mr. G RASSLEY )) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. STEM JOBS ACTION PLAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Jobs in science, technology, engineer-ing, and math in addition to maintenance and manufacturing (collectively referred to in this section as ‘‘STEM’’) make up a sig-nificant portion of the workforce of the De-partment of Defense. (2) These jobs exist within the organic in-dustrial base, research, development, and en-gineering centers, life-cycle management commands, and logistics centers of the De-partment. (3) Vital to the continued support of the mission of all of the military services, the Department needs to maintain its STEM workforce. (4) It is known that the demographics of personnel of the Department indicate that many of the STEM personnel of the Depart-ment will be eligible to retire in the next few years. (5) Decisive action is needed to replace STEM personnel as they retire to ensure that the military does not further suffer a skill and knowledge gap and thus a serious readiness gap. (b) A
SSESSMENTS AND PLAN OF ACTION .— The Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of each military depart-ment, shall — (1) perform an assessment of the STEM workforce for organizations within the De-partment of Defense, including the numbers and types of positions and the expectations for losses due to retirements and voluntary departures; (2) identify the types and quantities of STEM jobs needed to support future mission work; (3) determine the shortfall between lost STEM personnel and future requirements; (4) analyze and explain the appropriateness and impact of using reimbursable and work-ing capital fund dollars for new STEM hires; (5) identify a plan of action to address the STEM jobs gap, including hiring strategies and timelines for replacement of STEM em-ployees; and (6) deliver to Congress, not later than De-cember 31, 2019, a report specifying such plan of action. SA 2773. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 706. COUNSELING AND TREATMENT FOR SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS AND CHRONIC PAIN MANAGEMENT SERV-ICES FOR MEMBERS WHO SEPARATE FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1145(a)(6)(B)(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subclause (I)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, substance use disorder,’’ after ‘‘post-traumatic stress disorder’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subclause (II) as sub-clause (III); and (3) by inserting after subclause (I) the fol-lowing new subclause (II): ‘‘(II) chronic pain management services, including counseling and treatment for co- occurring mental health disorders and the provision of alternatives to opioid analge-sics; and’’. 
SA 2774. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORTS ON AUTHORITY TO BUILD CAPACITY FOR FOREIGN SECURITY FORCES. 
Section 333 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(h) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2020, and periodically thereafter, as deter-mined by the Comptroller General of the United States, until January 1, 2029, the Comptroller General shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on 1 or more programs authorized by this sec-tion, as selected by the Comptroller General for purposes of the report. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00326 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.061 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3721 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(2) E LEMENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include the following with re-spect to the execution and management by the Secretary of Defense of the selected pro-grams, to the extent such information is available: ‘‘(A) The assessment, monitoring, and eval-uation of the Secretary in support of such programs. ‘‘(B) Any other information relating to such programs, as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. ‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘appro-priate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SA 2775. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON SECURITY COOPERA-TION PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN CERTAIN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that assesses, for fiscal years 2013 through 2018, the assessment, monitoring, and eval-uation activities of the Department of De-fense for security cooperation programs in each of the foreign countries specified in subsection (b). (b) F
OREIGN COUNTRIES SPECIFIED .—The foreign countries specified in this subsection are the following: (1) Afghanistan. (2) Iraq. (3) Yemen. (4) Nigeria. (5) Niger. (6) Mali. (7) Tunisia. (8) Somalia. (9) The Philippines. (10) Jordan. (c) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Lessons learned and best practices with respect to such security cooperation pro-grams and activities of the Department of Defense. (2) Relevant recommendations for future security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense. (3) Recommendations for monitoring and evaluation metrics for future security co-operation programs and activities of the De-partment of Defense. (4) Evaluation of the efficacy of the assess-ment tools used by the Department of De-fense and other relevant security coopera-tion agencies with respect to such security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense for purposes of meas-uring improvements made by the forces of the foreign countries specified in subsection (b). (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) S
ECURITY COOPERATION PROGRAMS AND  
ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— The term ‘‘security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense’’ has the meaning given such term in section 301(7) of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 2776. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. MODIFICATIONS TO CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS RE-GARDING SUPPORT FOR OPER-ATIONS AND CAPACITY BUILDING. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO PROVIDE SUPPORT FOR  C
ONDUCT OF OPERATIONS .—Section 331(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (G); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) An assessment of the sustainability of support to be provided by the United States. In preparing such assessment, the Secretary of Defense shall consider the extent to which participating countries have the political will, credible and effective institutions, and equal stake in the success of security sector initiatives. ‘‘(F) An assessment of the objectives of the United States and foreign countries partici-pating in the program.’’. (b) D
EFENSE INSTITUTION CAPACITY BUILD-
ING.—Section 332(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(D) An assessment of the objectives of the United States and foreign countries partici-pating in the program. ‘‘(E) An assessment of the sustainability of support to be provided to foreign countries participating in the program.’’. 
SA 2777. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 57, strike lines 3 through 25 and in-sert the following: (2) support efforts to accelerate the inte-gration and transition of new manufacturing technologies and processes developed by the centers for manufacturing innovation that comprise the Network for Manufacturing In-novation; (3) identify improvements to sustainment methods for component parts and other lo-gistics needs; (4) identify and implement appropriate in-formation security protections to ensure se-curity of advanced manufacturing; (5) aid in the procurement of advanced manufacturing equipment and support serv-ices; and (6) enhance partnerships between the de-fense industrial base, such centers for manu-facturing innovation, laboratories, academic institutions, and industry. (c) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS AND PART-
NERSHIPS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretaries may enter into a cooperative agreement and use public-private and public-public partner-ships to facilitate development or transition of advanced manufacturing techniques and capabilities in support of the defense indus-trial base. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A cooperative agree-ment entered into under paragraph (1) and a partnership used under such paragraph shall facilitate— (A) development and implementation of advanced manufacturing techniques and ca-pabilities of the transition of existing capa-bilities developed by the centers described in subsection (b)(2); 
SA 2778. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 48, strike line 10 and all that follows through page 49, line 6, and in-sert the following: (1) A process for streamlined communica-tions between the Under Secretary, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the commanders of the com-batant commands, the science and tech-nology executives within each military de-partment, the science and technology com-munity, and the manufacturing industrial base, including— (A) a process for the commanders of the combatant commands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff to communicate their needs to the science and technology community and the centers for manufacturing innovation that comprise the Network for Manufacturing In-novation; and (B) a process for the science and tech-nology community and such centers to pro-pose technologies that meet the needs com-municated by the combatant commands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (2) Procedures for the development of tech-nologies proposed pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), including— (A) a process for demonstrating perform-ance of the proposed technologies on a short timeline; (B) a process for accelerating, transitioning, and integrating new manufac-turing technologies and processes developed by the centers described in paragraph (1)(A); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00327 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.061 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3722 June 11, 2018 
SA 2779. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1052. LONG WARS STUDY GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is hereby estab-lished a working group to be known as the ‘‘Long Wars Study Group’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Group’’). (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Group is to examine United States engagement in the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq in an effort to identify lessons learned and make rec-ommendations for questions to be asked prior to future decisions by Congress to au-thorize the use of military force in conflicts that have the potential to develop into an ir-regular war. (c) C
OMPOSITION .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Group shall be com-posed of 8 members appointed as follows: (A) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (B) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (C) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (D) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate. (E) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (F) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives. (G) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (H) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) C
O-CHAIRS .— (A) D
ESIGNATION BY COMMITTEE CHAIRS .— The chair of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate, the chair of the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the chair of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives, and the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives shall jointly designate one member of the Group to serve as co-chair of the Group. (B) D
ESIGNATION BY RANKING MINORITY MEM -
BERS .—The ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the ranking minority member of the Com-mittee Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives shall jointly designate one member of the Group to serve as co-chair of the Group. (3) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— Members shall be appointed for the life of the Group. Any vacancy in the Group shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (d) D
UTIES .— (1) REVIEW .—The Group shall review United States involvement in the conflicts in Afghanistan (including Operation Endur-ing Freedom and Operation Freedom’s Sen-tinel) and Iraq (including Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn), includ-ing military engagement, diplomatic engage-ment, training and advising of local forces, reconstruction efforts, and foreign assistance in such conflicts. (2) A
SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— The Group shall— (A) conduct a comprehensive assessment of United States involvement in the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq, including— (i) United States military, diplomatic, and political efforts in the conflicts; (ii) the effects of the conflicts on neigh-boring countries; (iii) any regional and geopolitical threats to the United States resulting from the con-flicts; (iv) the extent to which stated United States national objectives for the conflicts were met; (v) the effect of United States involvement in the conflicts on the readiness of the United States Armed Forces; (vi) the effect of United States involve-ment in the conflicts on civil-military af-fairs in the United States; (vii) the implications of the use of funds for overseas contingency operations as a mechanism for funding United States in-volvement in the conflicts; and (viii) any other matters in connection with United States involvement in the conflicts the Group considers appropriate; (B) identify circumstances in which a con-flict presents a significant likelihood of de-veloping into an irregular war; and (C) develop recommendations based on the assessment, as well as any other information the Group considers appropriate, for relevant questions to be asked during future consider-ation by Congress of an authorization for use military force in conflicts that have the po-tential to develop into an irregular war. (e) C
OOPERATION FROMUNITED STATES GOV-
ERNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Group shall receive the full and timely cooperation of the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence in providing the Group with analyses, briefings, and other information necessary for the dis-charge of the duties of the Group. (2) L
IAISON .—The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall each designate at least one officer or employee of their respec-tive organizations to serve as a liaison offi-cer to the Group. (f) R
EPORT .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Group shall submit to the Presi-dent, the Secretary of Defense, the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Group under this section. The report shall do each of the following: (A) Provide an assessment of the current security, political, humanitarian, and eco-nomic situation in Afghanistan and Iraq. (B) Provide lessons learned from United States involvement in the conflicts in Af-ghanistan and Iraq. (C) Provide recommendations on questions to be asked during future consideration by Congress of an authorization for use of mili-tary force in a conflict that has the potential to develop into an irregular war. (D) Address any other matters with respect to United States involvement in the con-flicts in Afghanistan and Iraq that the Group considers appropriate. (2) INTERIM BRIEFING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Group shall provide to the commit-tees of Congress referred to in paragraph (1) a briefing on the status of its review and as-sessment under subsection (d), together with a discussion of any interim recommenda-tions developed by the Group as of the date of the briefing. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report submitted to Congress under paragraph (1) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The Group shall termi-nate six months after the date on which it submits the report required by subsection (f)(1). 
SA 2780. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1037. PROHIBITION ON USE BY EDU-CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS OF REVE-NUES DERIVED FROM EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE FURNISHED UNDER LAWS ADMINISTERED BY SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ADVER-TISING, MARKETING, OR RECRUIT-ING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As a condition on the re-ceipt of Department of Defense educational assistance funds, an institution of higher education, or other postsecondary edu-cational institution, may not use revenues derived from Department of Defense edu-cational assistance funds for advertising, re-cruiting, or marketing activities described in subsection (b). (b) C
OVERED ACTIVITIES .—Except as pro-vided in subsection (c), the advertising, re-cruiting, and marketing activities subject to subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Advertising and promotion activities, including paid announcements in news-papers, magazines, radio, television, bill-boards, electronic media, naming rights, or any other public medium of communication, including paying for displays or promotions at job fairs, military installations, or college recruiting events. (2) Efforts to identify and attract prospec-tive students, either directly or through a contractor or other third party, including contact concerning a prospective student’s potential enrollment or application for grant, loan, or work assistance under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.) or participation in preadmission or advising activities, includ-ing— (A) paying employees responsible for over-seeing enrollment and for contacting poten-tial students in-person, by phone, by email, or by other internet communications regard-ing enrollment; and (B) soliciting an individual to provide con-tact information to an institution of higher 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00328 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.065 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3723 June 11, 2018 
education, including Internet websites estab-lished for such purpose and funds paid to third parties for such purpose. (3) Such other activities as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, including paying for promotion or sponsorship of education or military-related associations. (c) E
XCEPTIONS .—Any activity that is re-quired as a condition of receipt of funds by an institution under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.), is specifically authorized under such title, or is otherwise specified by the Secretary of Education, shall not be considered to be a covered activity under subsection (b). (d) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATIONAL  A
SSISTANCE FUNDS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Department of Defense edu-cational assistance funds’’ means funds pro-vided directly to an institution or to a stu-dent attending such institution under any of the following provisions of law: (1) Chapter 101, 105, 106A, 1606, 1607, or 1608 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Section 1784a, 2005, or 2007 of such title. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as a limita-tion on the use by an institution of revenues derived from sources other than Department of Defense educational assistance funds. As a condition on the receipt of Department of Defense educational assistance funds, each institution of higher education, or other postsecondary educational institution, that derives revenues from Department of De-fense educational assistance funds shall sub-mit to the Secretary of Defense and to Con-gress each year a report that includes the following: (1) The institution’s expenditures on adver-tising, marketing, and recruiting. (2) A verification from an independent auditor that the institution is in compliance with the requirements of this subsection. (3) A certification from the institution that the institution is in compliance with the requirements of this section. 
SA 2781. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XXVIII, add the fol-lowing: Subtitle E—Real Property and Facilities Administration 
SEC. 2851. PILOT PROGRAM ALLOWING FOR LEASING OF FACILITIES CON-STRUCTED BY AN EXISTING GROUND LESSEE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall establish a pilot program at the Secretary’s discretion at one Air Force in-stallation in accordance with criteria listed in subsection (b) to lease facilities con-structed and owned by an existing ground lessee of land to support any missions or op-erations required to be located on the instal-lation. (2) D
URATION .—The pilot program shall be in effect for a period not to exceed five years. Any construction commenced prior to the expiration of such pilot program period may continue to completion. (3) A
UTHORITY .—During the pilot period, the Secretary concerned may enter into a fa-cility lease, including a build-to-suit lease, with the ground lessee or owner which shall be for a term that is customary and reason-able in the commercial leasing industry for similar leases and which shall allow for unre-stricted assignment and sublease by the Sec-retary concerned to other military services or Federal agencies upon terms and condi-tions the Secretary concerned determines may be advantageous or beneficial. (4) TERMINATION .—The Secretary of the Air Force or installation commander may termi-nate any agreement entered into under para-graph (1) with appropriate advance notice to the other party. (b) S
ECRETARIAL DETERMINATION .—Before exercising the authority under subsection (a)(3), the Secretary concerned must make a determination that— (1) there is an existing ground lessee of land on an installation controlled by the Secretary which is in good standing and not in breach of any existing agreement with the Air Force, has a proven record of success constructing and leasing commercial facili-ties on the installation, and is in at least the tenth year of operation on the installation; and (2) there is a need to have access to newly constructed facilities on the installation concerned that can be available for— (A) a mission or operation on the installa-tion controlled by the Secretary concerned which is required to be located on the instal-lation, but for which there are no suitable fa-cilities existing and immediately available on the installation to meet the needs or re-quirements of the Secretary; or (B) a mission or operation on the installa-tion controlled by the Secretary concerned which is not required to be located on the in-stallation, but for which there are no suit-able facilities existing and immediately available within reasonable distance outside the installation to accommodate the needs or requirements of the Secretary. (c) D
ATA AND INFORMATION .—The ground lessee who will construct and own the facili-ties to be leased by the Secretary concerned pursuant to the pilot program shall maintain accurate data, documentation, and informa-tion concerning the facilities constructed, including plans, specifications, materials, labor, hard and soft costs, expenses, change orders, schedules, delays, time of delivery, and any other information and data nec-essary or desired by the Secretary concerned to make the evaluations and determinations that are the purpose of the pilot program. (d) E
VALUATION REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later that six years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the pilot program. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) An analysis and evaluation of the data, documentation, and information provided pursuant to subsection (c). (B) The business, economic, risk, and tech-nical justification for leasing newly con-structed facilities from an existing ground lessee on an installation as an alternative to utilizing the military construction process in order to have access to cost-effective rap-idly and readily available newly constructed facilities to meet organizational or func-tional missions or goals. (C) An evaluation of the impact if the pilot program were to be made permanent and adopted enterprise-wide. (D) Recommendations for any additional legislation needed to ensure that expansion of the pilot program. (e) N
ON-APPLICABILITY OF LAWS AND REGU-
LATIONS .—Section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, OMB Circular A–11, and applica-ble regulations promulgated by the General Services Administration shall not be con-strued as prohibiting or restricting lease-backs or governing leases of facilities under the pilot program. SA 2782. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CEN-TERS. 
(a) U SE OF AUTHORIZED ENTREPRENEURIAL  D
EVELOPMENT PROGRAMS .—The Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 47 as section 48; and (2) by inserting after section 46 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 47. USE OF AUTHORIZED ENTREPRE-NEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PRO-GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator shall only use the programs authorized in sections 7(j), 7(m), 8(a), 8(b)(1), 21, 22, 29, and 32 of this Act and sections 358 and 389 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 689g, 690h) to deliver entrepreneurial development services, entrepreneurial edu-cation, support for the development and maintenance of clusters, or business train-ing. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not apply to— ‘‘(1) services provided to assist small busi-ness concerns owned by an Indian tribe (as defined in section 8(a)(13)); ‘‘(2) activities and programs in support of a member of the Armed Forces, including a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces named in section 10101 of title 10, United States Code, a veteran, or a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces or a vet-eran; ‘‘(3) the Microenterprise Technical Assist-ance and Capacity Building Program estab-lished under subtitle C of title I of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (15 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.); ‘‘(4) the State Trade and Export Promotion Grant Program established under section 1207 of the Small Business Export Enhance-ment and International Trade Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 649b note); and ‘‘(5) the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program established under sec-tion 34.’’. (b) M
ARKETING OF SERVICES .—Section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) N
OPROHIBITION OF MARKETING OF  S
ERVICES .—The Administrator shall not pro-hibit applicants receiving grants under this section from marketing and advertising their services to individuals and small busi-nesses.’’. (c) F
EESFROM PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS AND  C
OSPONSORSHIPS .—Section 21(a)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(3)(C)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) Participation in private partnerships and cosponsorships with the Administration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00329 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.066 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3724 June 11, 2018 
shall not limit small business development centers from collecting fees or other income related to the operation of those private partnerships and cosponsorships.’’. (d) E
QUITY FOR SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOP -
MENT CENTERS .—Section 21(a)(4)(C)(v)(I) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(4)(C)(v)(I)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘this section’’ and all that follows through ‘‘pay expenses enumerated’’ and inserting ‘‘this section, not more than $500,000 may be used by the Administration to pay expenses enumerated’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and all that follows and inserting a period. (e) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AND PRIVACY REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 21(a)(7)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(7)(A)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘or telephone number of’’ and inserting ‘‘telephone number, or other information about’’; and (B) by inserting after ‘‘to any State, local or Federal agency, or third party’’ after ‘‘under this section’’; and (2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘a financial’’ and inserting ‘‘an Administration financial’’. (f) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—Section 21(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(l)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The authority’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(2) I
N GENERAL .—The authority’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) N
OTICE OF WITHDRAWAL OR DECLINING  
TO RENEW .—An entity that enters into a co-operative agreement under subsection (a)(1) may not withdraw from, or decline to renew, the cooperative agreement unless the entity provides the Associate Administrator for Small Business Development— ‘‘(A) notice not less than 90 days before the date on which the entity withdraws from or declines to renew the cooperative agreement; and ‘‘(B) a plan for the orderly transition of the cooperative agreement for a period of not less than 90 days or the remaining term of the cooperative agreement, whichever is longer.’’. (g) L
IMITATION ON AWARD OF GRANTS TO  S
MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS .— Section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648), as amended by subsection (b) of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) L
IMITATION ON AWARD OF GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except for not-for-profit institutions of higher education, and not-withstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator may not award grants (in-cluding contracts and cooperative agree-ments) under this section to any entity other than those that received grants (in-cluding contracts and cooperative agree-ments) under this section before March 13, 2018, and that seek to renew those grants (in-cluding contracts and cooperative agree-ments) after that date. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This sub-section shall not be construed to prohibit a grant recipient under this section from en-tering into a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement with any other entity.’’. 
SA 2783. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Mr. R ISCH) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 2. WOMEN’S BUSINESS CENTER PROGRAM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the Women’s Small Business Owner-ship Act of 2018. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘Administration’’ and ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’ mean the Small Business Ad-ministration and the Administrator thereof, respectively; (2) the terms ‘‘small business concern’’, ‘‘small business concern owned and con-trolled by women’’, and ‘‘small business de-velopment center’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 632); and (3) the term ‘‘women’s business center’’ has the meaning given that term in section 29(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(a)), as added by subsection (d)(1)(A). (c) O
FFICE OF WOMEN ’SBUSINESS OWNER -
SHIP.—Section 29(g) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘in the areas’’ and all that follows through the end of sub-clause (I), and inserting the following: ‘‘to address issues concerning the management, operations, manufacturing, technology, fi-nance, retail and product sales, international trade, Government contracting, and other disciplines required for— ‘‘(I) starting, operating, and increasing the business of a small business concern;’’; and (ii) in clause (ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘Women’s Business Center program’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘women’s business center pro-gram’’; (II) in subclause (IX), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in subclause (X), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(XI) work with Administration officials and collaborate with entities other than the Administration to ensure that the work of the women’s business center program— ‘‘(aa) maximizes taxpayer dollars; and ‘‘(bb) coordinates effectively with and is not duplicative of the efforts of other Fed-eral Government and private sector pro-grams.’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, the National Women’s Business Council, and any organization representing the majority of women’s business centers’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Office of Women’s Business Ownership shall be to as-sist women entrepreneurs to start, grow, and compete in global markets by providing quality support with access to capital, access to markets, job creation, growth, and coun-seling and training by— ‘‘(A) fostering participation of women en-trepreneurs in the economy by overseeing a network of women’s business centers throughout States and territories; ‘‘(B) creating public-private partnerships to support women entrepreneurs and conduct outreach and education to startup and exist-ing small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women; and ‘‘(C) working with other initiatives and programs of the Administration to ensure women are well-represented and being served and to identify gaps where participation by women could be increased. ‘‘(4) T
RAINING .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) provide annual programmatic and fi-nancial examination training for women’s business center representatives and district office technical representatives of the Ad-ministration to enable representatives to carry out their responsibilities; ‘‘(B) in carrying out subparagraph (A), award grants or enter into contracts or coop-erative agreements related to training; and ‘‘(C) not later than September 30, 2019, de-velop a plan for a professional development training program for women’s business cen-ters, including attendance to relevant na-tional conferences, related to— ‘‘(i) the managing, financing, and oper-ation of small business concerns; ‘‘(ii) marketing, including the use of social media; ‘‘(iii) management and technology assist-ance regarding small business concern par-ticipation in international markets, export promotion, and technology transfer; and ‘‘(iv) delivery or distribution of the serv-ices and information described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii). ‘‘(5) PROGRAM AND TRANSPARENCY IMPROVE -
MENTS .—The Administrator shall maximize the transparency of the women’s business center financial assistance proposal process and the programmatic and financial exam-ination process by— ‘‘(A) providing public notice of any an-nouncement for financial assistance under subsection (b) or a grant under subsection (l); ‘‘(B) in the announcement described in sub-paragraph (A), outlining award and program evaluation criteria and describing the weighting of the criteria for financial assist-ance under subsection (b) and grants under subsection (l); and ‘‘(C) not later than 60 days after the com-pletion of a site visit to the women’s busi-ness center (whether conducted for an audit, performance review, or other reason), when feasible, providing to each women’s business center a copy of any site visit reports or evaluation reports prepared by district office technical representatives or officers or em-ployees of the Administration. ‘‘(6) A
CCREDITATION PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) E
XAMINATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administration shall develop and implemental a biennial programmatic and financial examination of each women’s business center under this section. ‘‘(B) A
CCREDITATION .—The Administration may provide financial support, by contract or otherwise, to the Association of Women’s Business Centers for the purpose of devel-oping a women’s business center accredita-tion program. ‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL OF GRANT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In renewing a grant with respect to a women’s business center, the Administration shall consider the results of the examination and accreditation program conducted under subparagraphs (A) and (B). ‘‘(ii) A
CCREDITATION REQUIREMENT .—On and after the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Adminis-tration may not renew a grant with respect to a women’s business center unless the women’s business center has been approved under the accreditation program conducted pursuant to this subsection, except that the Assistant Administrator may waive the ac-creditation requirement, in the discretion of the Assistant Administrator, upon a showing that the women’s business center is making a good faith effort to obtain accreditation.’’. (d) W
OMEN ’SBUSINESS CENTER PROGRAM .— (1) W
OMEN ’S BUSINESS CENTER FINANCIAL AS -
SISTANCE .—Section 29 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking paragraph (4); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00330 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.066 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3725 June 11, 2018 
(ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (iii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(A) a private nonprofit organization; ‘‘(B) a State, regional, or local economic development organization; ‘‘(C) a development, credit, or finance cor-poration chartered by a State; ‘‘(D) a junior or community college, as de-fined in section 312(f) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1058(f)); ‘‘(E) any combination of entities listed in subparagraphs (A) through (D); and ‘‘(F) a small business development center, only if— ‘‘(i) the small business development center is located in a rural area; and ‘‘(ii) there is no women’s business center in that area as of the date on which the small business development center submits an ap-plication for financial assistance under sub-section (f); ‘‘(3) the term ‘rural area’ has the meaning given the term in section 7(m)(11);’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) the term ‘women’s business center’ means a project conducted by an eligible en-tity under this section.’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respec-tively, and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; (ii) by striking ‘‘The Administration’’ and all that follows through ‘‘5-year projects’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administration may provide financial assistance to an eligible en-tity to conduct a project under this section’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘The projects shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The project shall be designed to provide training and counseling that meets the needs of women, especially socially or economically disadvantaged women, and conduct outreach to and serve small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women that are located in a rural area, and shall’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
MOUNT OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the amount of financial assistance provided under this subsection to an eligible entity per project year shall be not more than $250,000. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may award financial assistance under this sub-section to an eligible entity in an amount that is more than $250,000 in a given project year if the Administrator determines that the eligible entity— ‘‘(I) obtained more than $250,000 in non- Federal contributions for that project year in accordance with subsection (c); ‘‘(II) is in good standing with the women’s business center program; ‘‘(III) has met performance goals for the previous project year, if applicable; and ‘‘(IV) proposes a new project to be carried out with the additional financial assistance in accordance with this section. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATIONS .—The Administrator may only award additional financial assistance under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) from unobligated amounts made avail-able to the Administration to carry out this section; and ‘‘(II) if, in a given fiscal year, the aggre-gate amount of additional financial assist-ance provided to eligible entities under clause (i) is not more than 1 percent of the amount appropriated to the Administration to carry out this section for that fiscal year. ‘‘(4) CONSULTATION WITH ORGANIZATIONS  
REPRESENTING WOMEN ’S BUSINESS CENTERS .— The Administrator shall seek advice, input, and recommendations for policy changes from any organization representing a major-ity of women’s business centers to develop— ‘‘(A) the training program for women’s business centers under subsection (g)(4)(C); and ‘‘(B) recommendations to improve the poli-cies and procedures for governing the general operations and administration of the wom-en’s business center program, including grant program improvements under sub-section (g)(4).’’; (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘As a condition’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, as a condition’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the recipient organiza-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘an eligible entity’’; (ii) in paragraph (3), in the second sen-tence, by striking ‘‘a recipient organization’’ and inserting ‘‘an eligible entity’’; (iii) in paragraph (4)— (I) by striking ‘‘recipient of assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (II) by striking ‘‘during any project, it shall not be eligible thereafter’’ and insert-ing ‘‘during any project for 2 consecutive years, the eligible entity shall not be eligible at any time after that 2-year period’’; (III) by striking ‘‘such organization’’ and inserting ‘‘the eligible entity’’; and (IV) by striking ‘‘the recipient’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the eligible entity’’; and (iv) by adding at end the following: ‘‘(5) S
EPARATION OF PROJECT AND FUNDS .— An eligible entity shall— ‘‘(A) carry out a project under this section separately from other projects, if any, of the eligible entity; and ‘‘(B) separately maintain and account for any financial assistance under this section. ‘‘(6) E
XCEPTION FOR ELIGIBLE ENTITIES FROM  
RURAL AREAS .—Paragraphs (1), (2), and (4) shall not apply to an eligible entity that is located in a rural area. ‘‘(7) F
UNDRAISING .—The executive director or program manager of an eligible entity designated under subsection (f)(1)(A)(i) may dedicate not more than 5 percent of the working hours of the executive director or program manager to fundraise for the non- Federal contribution required under this subsection.’’; (D) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking ‘‘applicant organization’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘a recipient organization’’ and inserting ‘‘an eligible entity’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘site’’; (E) by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATIONS AND CRITERIA FOR INI-
TIAL FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION .—Each eligible entity de-siring financial assistance under subsection (b) shall submit to the Administrator an ap-plication that contains— ‘‘(A) a certification that the eligible enti-ty— ‘‘(i) has designated an executive director or program manager, who may be compensated using financial assistance under subsection (b) or other sources, to manage the women’s business center for which assistance under subsection (b) is sought; ‘‘(ii) as a condition of receiving financial assistance under subsection (b), agrees— ‘‘(I) to receive a site visit at the discretion of the Administrator as part of the final se-lection process; ‘‘(II) to undergo an annual programmatic and financial examination; and ‘‘(III) to remedy any problems identified pursuant to the site visit or examination under subclause (I) or (II); and ‘‘(iii) meets the accounting and reporting requirements established by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(B) information demonstrating that the eligible entity has the ability and resources to meet the needs of the market to be served by the women’s business center for which fi-nancial assistance under subsection (b) is sought, including the ability to obtain the non-Federal contribution required under sub-section (c); ‘‘(C) information relating to the assistance to be provided by the women’s business cen-ter for which financial assistance under sub-section (b) is sought in the area in which the women’s business center is located; ‘‘(D) information demonstrating the expe-rience and effectiveness of the eligible entity in— ‘‘(i) conducting financial, management, and marketing assistance programs, as de-scribed in subsection (b)(2), which are de-signed to teach or upgrade the business skills of women who are business owners or potential business owners; ‘‘(ii) providing training and services to a representative number of women who are so-cially or economically disadvantaged; and ‘‘(iii) working with resource partners of the Administration and other entities, such as universities; and ‘‘(E) a 5-year plan that describes the abil-ity of the women’s business center for which financial assistance under subsection (b) is sought— ‘‘(i) to serve women who are business own-ers or potential business owners by con-ducting training and counseling activities; and ‘‘(ii) to provide training and services to a representative number of women who are so-cially or economically disadvantaged. ‘‘(2) REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF APPLICATIONS  
FOR INITIAL FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) review each application submitted under paragraph (1), based on the informa-tion described in such paragraph and the cri-teria set forth under subparagraph (B) of this paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, as part of the final selection process, conduct a site visit to each women’s business center for which financial assistance under subsection (b) is sought. ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall evaluate applicants for financial assistance under subsection (b) in accordance with se-lection criteria that are— ‘‘(I) established before the date on which applicants are required to submit the appli-cations; ‘‘(II) stated in terms of relative impor-tance; and ‘‘(III) publicly available and stated in each solicitation for applications for financial as-sistance under subsection (b) made by the Administrator. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIRED CRITERIA .—The selection criteria for financial assistance under sub-section (b) shall include— ‘‘(I) the experience of the applicant in con-ducting programs or ongoing efforts designed to teach or enhance the business skills of women who are business owners or potential business owners; ‘‘(II) the ability of the applicant to begin a project within a minimum amount of time, as established under the program announce-ment or by regulation; ‘‘(III) the ability of the applicant to pro-vide training and services to a representative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00331 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.072 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3726 June 11, 2018 
number of women who are socially or eco-nomically disadvantaged; ‘‘(IV) the ability of the applicant to suc-cessfully complete participation in the train-ing program developed under subsection (g)(4)(C); ‘‘(V) the ability of the applicant to success-fully acquire accreditation under the accred-itation program developed under subsection (g)(6); ‘‘(VI) whether the women’s business center proposed by the applicant will be sustainable for more than a 5-year period; and ‘‘(VII) the location for the women’s busi-ness center proposed by the applicant, in-cluding whether the applicant is located in an area in which— ‘‘(aa) women are underserved; or ‘‘(bb) significant groups of women are un-derserved due to language or other social, cultural, and economic barriers. ‘‘(iii) P
RIORITY .—The Administrator shall give priority to applications submitted by applicants that are located in a rural area. ‘‘(C) P
ROXIMITY .—If the principal place of business of an applicant for financial assist-ance under subsection (b) is located less than 50 miles from the principal place of business of a women’s business center that received funds under this section on or before the date of the application, the applicant shall not be eligible for the financial assistance, unless the applicant— ‘‘(i) submits a detailed written justifica-tion of the need for an additional women’s business center in the area in which the ap-plicant is located, including information demonstrating that the applicant is not pro-viding services that are redundant or dupli-cative of those provided by that existing or current women’s business center; ‘‘(ii) submits a detailed plan for how the applicant plans to reach clients outside of the geographic area in which the existing or current women’s business center is located; and ‘‘(iii) demonstrates that the applicant has a pre-existing presence in other parts of the geographic area in which the existing or cur-rent women’s business center is located. ‘‘(D) R
ECORD RETENTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall maintain a copy of each application sub-mitted under this subsection for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(ii) P
APERWORK REDUCTION .—The Adminis-trator shall take steps to reduce, to the max-imum extent practicable, the paperwork bur-den associated with carrying out clause (i).’’; (F) in subsection (j)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) an analysis of the effectiveness of the women’s business center in serving business concerns that are located in a rural area.’’; and (G) in subsection (m)— (i) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION AND APPROVAL FOR RE -
NEWAL GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) S
OLICITATION OF APPLICATIONS .—The Administrator shall solicit applications and award grants under this subsection for the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of the Women’s Small Business Ownership Act of 2018, and every third fiscal year thereafter. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—Each eli- gible entity desiring a grant under this sub-section shall submit to the Administrator an application that contains— ‘‘(i) a certification that the applicant— ‘‘(I) is an eligible entity; ‘‘(II) has designated an executive director or program manager to manage the women’s business center operated by the applicant; and ‘‘(III) as a condition of receiving a grant under this subsection, agrees— ‘‘(aa) to receive a site visit as part of the final selection process, at the discretion of the Administrator; and ‘‘(bb) to remedy any problem identified pursuant to the site visit under item (aa); ‘‘(ii) information demonstrating that the applicant has the ability and resources to meet the needs of the market to be served by the women’s business center for which a grant under this subsection is sought, in-cluding the ability to obtain the non-Federal contribution required under paragraph (4)(C); ‘‘(iii) information relating to assistance to be provided by the women’s business center in the geographic area served by the wom-en’s business center for which a grant under this subsection is sought; ‘‘(iv) information demonstrating that the applicant is not providing services redundant or duplicative of those provided by a wom-en’s business center receiving funds under this subsection that is located less than 50 miles from the principal place of business of the applicant; ‘‘(v) information demonstrating that the applicant has worked with resource partners of the Administration and other entities; ‘‘(vi) a 3-year plan that describes the serv-ices provided by the women’s business center for which a grant under this subsection is sought— ‘‘(I) to serve women who are business own-ers or potential business owners by con-ducting training and counseling activities; and ‘‘(II) to provide training and services to a representative number of women who are so-cially or economically disadvantaged; and ‘‘(vii) any additional information that the Administrator may reasonably require. ‘‘(C) REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF APPLICA -
TIONS FOR GRANTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator— ‘‘(I) shall review each application sub-mitted under subparagraph (B), based on the information described in such subparagraph and the criteria set forth under clause (ii) of this subparagraph; and ‘‘(II) as part of the final selection process, may, at the discretion of the Administrator, conduct a site visit to each women’s business center for which a grant under this sub-section is sought, in particular to evaluate the women’s business center using the selec-tion criteria described in clause (ii)(II). ‘‘(ii) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall evaluate applicants for grants under this subsection in accordance with selection cri-teria that are— ‘‘(aa) established before the date on which applicants are required to submit the appli-cations; ‘‘(bb) stated in terms of relative impor-tance; and ‘‘(cc) publicly available and stated in each solicitation for applications for grants under this subsection made by the Administrator. ‘‘(II) R
EQUIRED CRITERIA .—The selection criteria for a grant under this subsection shall include— ‘‘(aa) the total number of entrepreneurs served by the applicant; ‘‘(bb) the total number of new startup com-panies assisted by the applicant; ‘‘(cc) the percentage of clients of the appli-cant that are socially or economically dis-advantaged; ‘‘(dd) the percentage of individuals in the community served by the applicant who are socially or economically disadvantaged; ‘‘(ee) the successful participation of the ap-plicant in the training program developed under subsection (g)(4)(C); ‘‘(ff) the successful accreditation of the ap-plicant under the accreditation program de-veloped under subsection (g)(6); and ‘‘(gg) any additional criteria that the Ad-ministrator may reasonably require. ‘‘(iii) CONDITIONS FOR CONTINUED FUNDING .— In determining whether to make a grant under this subsection, the Administrator— ‘‘(I) shall consider the results of the most recent evaluation of the women’s business center for which a grant under this sub-section is sought, and, to a lesser extent, previous evaluations; and ‘‘(II) may withhold a grant under this sub-section, if the Administrator determines that the applicant has failed to provide the information required to be provided under this paragraph, or the information provided by the applicant is inadequate. ‘‘(iv) P
RIORITY .—The Administrator shall give priority to applications submitted by applicants that are located in a rural area. ‘‘(D) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of each deadline to submit ap-plications under this paragraph, the Admin-istrator shall approve or deny each sub-mitted application and notify the applicant for each such application of the approval or denial. ‘‘(E) R
ECORD RETENTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall maintain a copy of each application sub-mitted under this paragraph for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(ii) P
APERWORK REDUCTION .—The Adminis-trator shall take steps to reduce, to the max-imum extent practicable, the paperwork bur-den associated with carrying out clause (i).’’; and (ii) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) A
WARD TO PREVIOUS RECIPIENTS .— There shall be no limitation on the number of times the Administrator may award a grant to an applicant under this sub-section.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 29 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656) is amended— (A) in subsection (h)(2), by striking ‘‘to award a contract (as a sustainability grant) under subsection (l) or’’; (B) in subsection (j)(1), by striking ‘‘The Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than November 1 of each year, the Adminis-trator’’; (C) in subsection (k)— (i) by striking paragraphs (1) and (4); (ii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); (iii) by inserting before paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Administration to carry out this section, to remain available until expended, $21,750,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (iv) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Of the amount made available under this subsection for a fiscal year, the following amounts shall be avail-able for selection panel costs, costs associ-ated with developing and maintaining a training program, costs associated with maintaining an accreditation program, post- award conference costs, and costs related to monitoring and oversight: ‘‘(i) For fiscal year 2019, 2.65 percent. ‘‘(ii) For each of fiscal years 2020 through 2023, 2.5 percent.’’; and (v) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) C
ONTINUING GRANT AND COOPERATIVE  
AGREEMENT AUTHORITY .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00332 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.072 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3727 June 11, 2018 
‘‘(A) P ROMPT DISBURSEMENT .—Upon receiv-ing funds to carry out this section for a fis-cal year, the Administrator shall, to the ex-tent practicable, promptly reimburse funds to any women’s business center awarded fi-nancial assistance under this section if the center meets the eligibility requirements under this section. ‘‘(B) S
USPENSION OR TERMINATION .—If the Administrator has entered into a grant or cooperative agreement with a women’s busi-ness center under this section, the Adminis-trator may not suspend or terminate the grant or cooperative agreement, unless the Administrator— ‘‘(i) provides the women’s business center with written notification setting forth the reasons for that action; and ‘‘(ii) affords the women’s business center an opportunity for a hearing, appeal, or other administrative proceeding under chap-ter 5 of title 5, United States Code.’’; (D) in subsection (m)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘sub-section (b) or (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘this sub-section or subsection (b)’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4)(D), by striking ‘‘or subsection (l)’’; and (E) by redesignating subsections (m), (n), and (o), as amended by this section, as sub-sections (l), (m), and (n), respectively. (3) E
FFECT ON EXISTING GRANTS .— (A) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—A nonprofit organization receiving a grant under section 29(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(m)), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall continue to receive the grant under the terms and conditions in effect for the grant on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, ex-cept that the nonprofit organization may not apply for a renewal of the grant under sec-tion 29(m)(5) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(m)(5)), as in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this Act. (B) L
ENGTH OF RENEWAL GRANT .—The Ad- ministrator may award a grant under section 29(l) of the Small Business Act, as so redesig-nated by paragraph (2)(E) of this section, to a nonprofit organization receiving a grant under section 29(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(m)), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, for the period— (i) beginning on the day after the last day of the grant agreement under such section 29(m); and (ii) ending at the end of the third fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. (e) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENTS UNDER  W
OMEN ’SBUSINESS CENTER PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 29(c) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(c)), as amended by subsection (d)(1)(C), is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘As a con-dition’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to paragraph (6), as a condition’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) W
AIVER OF NON -FEDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Upon request by an eli-gible entity, and in accordance with this paragraph, the Administrator may waive, in whole or in part, the requirement to obtain non-Federal funds under this subsection for counseling and training activities of the eli-gible entity carried out using financial as-sistance under this section for a fiscal year. The Administrator may not waive the re-quirement for an eligible entity to obtain non-Federal funds under this paragraph for more than a total of 2 consecutive fiscal years. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining whether to waive the requirement to obtain non-Federal funds under this paragraph, the Administrator shall consider— ‘‘(i) the economic conditions affecting the eligible entity; ‘‘(ii) the impact a waiver under this para-graph would have on the credibility of the women’s business center program under this section; ‘‘(iii) the demonstrated ability of the eligi-ble entity to raise non-Federal funds; and ‘‘(iv) the performance of the eligible enti-ty. ‘‘(C) LIMITATION .—The Administrator may not waive the requirement to obtain non- Federal funds under this paragraph if grant-ing the waiver would undermine the credi-bility of the women’s business center pro-gram under this section. ‘‘(9) S
OLICITATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an eligible entity may— ‘‘(A) solicit cash and in-kind contributions from private individuals and entities to be used to carry out the activities of the eligi-ble entity under the project conducted under this section; and ‘‘(B) use amounts made available by the Administration under this section for the cost of such solicitation and management of the contributions received. ‘‘(10) E
XCESS NON -FEDERAL DOLLARS .—The amount of non-Federal dollars obtained by an eligible entity that is above the amount that is required to be obtained by the eligi-ble entity under this subsection and is not used as matching funds for purposes of im-plementing the women’s business center pro-gram under this section shall not be subject to the requirements of part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, or any suc-cessor thereto.’’. (2) R
EGULATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall— (i) except as provided in subparagraph (B), and not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, publish in the Federal Register proposed regulations by the Admin-istrator to carry out the amendments made to section 29 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656) by this section; and (ii) accept public comments on such pro-posed regulations for not less than 60 days. (B) E
XISTING PROPOSED REGULATIONS .—Sub- paragraph (A)(i) shall not apply to the extent proposed regulations by the Administrator have been published on the date of enact-ment of this Act that are sufficient to carry out the amendments made to section 29 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656) by this section. (f) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) D
EFINITION OF COVERED ENTITY .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘covered entity’’ means a private entity that specializes in matching entrepreneurs with successful mentors using an algorithm and methodology that removes any demographic bias. (2) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall establish a program under which the Administrator shall enter into a contract with a covered entity to im-plement an online mentoring program to connect owners of small business concerns owned and controlled by women that are lo-cated throughout the United States with rel-evant mentors to assist in building success-ful small business concerns. (3) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Under the pro-gram established under this subsection, the covered entity with which the Administrator contracts under paragraph (2) shall— (A) enroll owners of small business con-cerns owned and controlled by women in the program, match those owners with mentors, and track the progress of those concerns; (B) develop an online marketing campaign to attract owners of small business concerns owned and controlled by women and mentors to participate in the program; and (C) grow and scale the program to reach in-creasing numbers of owners of small business concerns owned and control by women. (4) DURATION .—The program established under this subsection shall terminate on the date that is 2 years after the date on which the Administrator establishes the program. (5) A
PPROPRIATIONS .—For each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020, out of any unobligated balances made available to the Administra-tion under the heading ‘‘ENTREPRE-NEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS’’, the Administrator shall allocate $1,500,000 to carry out the program established under this subsection. f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 2018 Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I don’t see anybody else on the floor who wish-es to speak. So I ask unanimous con-sent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 12; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I fur-ther ask that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 5515. Finally, I ask that the Sen-ate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:47 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, June 12, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
TERRI L. DONALDSON, OF TEXAS, TO BE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, VICE GREG-ORY H. FRIEDMAN, RESIGNED. 
LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION  
ROBERT J. GREY, JR., OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 13, 2020. (RE-APPOINTMENT) ABIGAIL L. KUZMA, OF INDIANA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 13, 2019, VICE CHARLES NORMAN WILTSE KECKLER, RESIGNED. ABIGAIL L. KUZMA, OF INDIANA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 13, 2022. (RE-APPOINTMENT) JOHN G. LEVI, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE LEGAL SERVICES COR-PORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 13, 2020. (RE-APPOINTMENT) JOHN G. MALCOLM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 13, 2020, VICE MARTHA L. MINOW, TERM EXPIRED. FRANK X. NEUNER, JR., OF LOUISIANA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE LEGAL SERV-ICES CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 13, 2019, VICE SHARON L. BROWNE, RESIGNED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00333 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.072 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3728 June 11, 2018 
FRANK X. NEUNER, JR., OF LOUISIANA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE LEGAL SERV-ICES CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 13, 2022. (REAPPOINTMENT) GLORIA VALENCIA-WEBER, OF NEW MEXICO, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 13, 2020. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION  
MICHAEL KUBAYANDA, OF OHIO, TO BE A COMMIS-SIONER OF THE POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING NOVEMBER 22, 2020, VICE RUTH Y. GOLDWAY, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
MICHAEL D. BAUGHMAN, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE STEVEN R. FRANK, TERM EXPIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
STEPHANIE A. GALLAGHER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF MARYLAND, VICE WILLIAM D. QUARLES, JR., RETIRED. KARIN J. IMMERGUT, OF OREGON, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF OREGON, VICE ANNA J. BROWN, RETIRED. JONATHAN A. KOBES, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE EIGHTH CIR-CUIT, VICE ROGER L. WOLLMAN, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
ARIANA FAJARDO ORSHAN, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE WIFREDO A. FERRER, RESIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
MARTHA MARIA PACOLD, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS, VICE JOHN W. DARRAH, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
MICHAEL S. YEAGER, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE BEV-ERLY JOYCE HARVARD, TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. THOMAS W. BERGESON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JAMES C. SLIFE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF THE NAVY AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE SERVING AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5148: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. JOHN G. HANNINK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. JAMES J. MALLOY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. ANDREW L. LEWIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MICHAEL J. DUMONT 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN M. JANSEN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
TONY J. WOODRUFF THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
JONATHAN M. FAUST JENNIFER A. MCINTYRE CARLOS M. POVENTUDESTRADA 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
DOUGLASS R. WEISS 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT TO BE A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: MICHAEL ASHKOURI, OF VIRGINIA JILL JUPITER–JONES, OF MARYLAND JOHN H. PIGGOTT, OF VIRGINIA JEFFRIES BLUNT DE GRAFFENRIED, JR., OF FLORIDA OMAR ROBLES, OF CALIFORNIA THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL TO BE A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERV-ICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: JASON ALEXANDER, OF WASHINGTON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00334 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A11JN6.001 S11JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE819 June 11, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, June 12, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 13 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘2018 Farm Bill’’. SR–328A 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Water and Power To hold hearings to examine S. 3001, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and facilities of the Central Valley Project, H.R. 132, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and appur-tenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, and H.R. 1967, to amend the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to authorize pumped storage hy-dropower development utilizing mul-tiple Bureau of Reclamation reservoirs. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine innovation and America’s infrastructure, focusing on the effects of emerging autonomous technologies on America’s roads and bridges. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kimberly Breier, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Western Hemisphere Affairs), Kenneth S. George, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay, and Joseph N. Mondello, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Trini-dad and Tobago, all of the Department of State. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 2836, to assist the Department of Homeland Se-curity in preventing emerging threats from unmanned aircraft and vehicles, S. 3041, to amend the Robert T. Safford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act to provide for disaster recov-ery reforms, S. 2392, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to au-thorize the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to designate cybersecurity tech-nologies that qualify for protection under systems of risk and litigation management, S. 2948, to improve ef-forts to identify and reduce Govern-mentwide improper payments, S. 1204, to authorize the United States Postal Service to carry out emergency suspen-sions of post offices in accordance with certain procedures, S. 3027, to save tax-payer money and improve the effi-ciency and speed of intragovernmental correspondence, S. 2374, to amend the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, in-cluding making changes to the Do Not Pay Initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased individuals, S. 3031, to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the management of Federal personal prop-erty, S. 2397, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appro-priate personnel to law enforcement and other information of the Depart-ment, S. 2896, to require disclosure by lobbyists of convictions for bribery, ex-tortion, embezzlement, illegal kick-backs, tax evasion, fraud, conflicts of interest, making false statements, per-jury, or money laundering, S. 2276, to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, S. 2549, to designate the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’, S. 2692, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broad-way in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Build-ing’’, H.R. 4581, to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to develop best practices for utilizing advanced passenger information and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vetting operations, H.R. 5079, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Department of Homeland Security to develop an en-gagement strategy with fusion centers, H.R. 4567, to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas personnel enhancement plan, H.R. 1496, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 2673, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’, H.R. 3183, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Pal-myra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Sea-man Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’, H.R. 4301, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4406, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4463, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’, H.R. 4574, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4646, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Cor-porate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Riv-ers, Jr. Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4685, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Is-land, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 4722, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4840, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Opportuni-ties to Provide for Illicit Opioid Inter-diction and Detection Act of 2018’’, and the nominations of Kelly Higashi, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, Frederick M. Nutt, of Virginia, to be Controller, Office of Federal Financial Management, Office of Management and Budget, and Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Office of Government Ethics. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine confronting sexual harassment and other workplace misconduct in the Federal judiciary. SD–226 Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans To hold hearings to examine employer perspectives on multiemployer pension plans. SD–215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold an oversight hearing to examine the National Telecommunications and Information Administration. SR–253 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M11JN8.000 E11JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE820 June 11, 2018 
Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Army Corps’ regulation of surplus water and the role of states’ rights. SD–406 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider H.R. 1491, to reaffirm the action of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians; to be im-mediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office high risk list, fo-cusing on turning around vulnerable Indian programs. SD–628 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Vet-erans’ Employment and Training. SR–418 JUNE 14 9:30 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2837, to improve the systems for identifying the diversion of controlled substances, S. 974, to promote competition in the market for drugs and biological prod-ucts by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products, S. 2245, to include New Zea-land in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States na-tionals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, and the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Florida, Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, and Susan Llewellyn Pamerleau, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Texas, Gadyaces S. Serralta, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Florida, R. Don Ladner, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Florida, and Charles L. Goodwin, to be United States Marshal for the District of Hawaii, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine an update from the Comptroller of the Currency. SD–538 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Korea, Tibor Peter Nagy, Jr., of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary (African Affairs), and David Schenker, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary (Near Eastern Affairs), all of the De-partment of State. SD–419 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, Environ-mental Protection Agency, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Commerce, Department of Justice, science, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and an original bill making appropria-tions for the legislative branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. SD–106 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters. SH–219 JUNE 18 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the Inspec-tor General’s first report on Depart-ment of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation actions in advance of the 2016 presidential election. SH–216 JUNE 19 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine effective ad-ministration of the 340B Drug Pricing Program. SD–430 2:30 p.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine changing the trajectory of Alzheimer’s, focusing on reducing risk, detecting early symp-toms, and improving data. SD–106 JUNE 20 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine promoting traditional subsistence ac-tivities in Native communities. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M11JN8.000 E11JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D650 Monday, June 11, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3395–3728 Measures Introduced: Nine bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3040–3048, S. Res. 539, and S. Con. Res. 39.
                          Page S3601 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate began consideration of H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, after agreeing to the motion to proceed, and taking action on the fol-lowing amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                             Pages S3403–S3596 
Pending: Inhofe/McCain Modified Amendment No. 2282, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Pages S3403–S3595 
McConnell (for Toomey) Amendment No. 2700 (to Amendment No. 2282), to require congressional review of certain regulations issued by the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S3595 
Reed/Warren Amendment No. 2756 (to Amend-ment No. 2700), to require the authorization of ap-propriation of amounts for the development of new or modified nuclear weapons.
                              Page S3595 
Lee Amendment No. 2366 (to the language pro-posed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2282), to clarify that an authorization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority does not authorize the detention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States.
                                                                      Pages S3595–96 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 91 yeas to 4 nays (Vote No. 120), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                                            Pages S3395–S3403 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, June 12, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S3727 Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, with respect to Belarus, received during adjournment of the Senate on June 8, 2018; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–43)
              Pages S3597–98 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Terri L. Donaldson, of Texas, to be Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Energy. Robert J. Grey, Jr., of Virginia, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Cor-poration for a term expiring July 13, 2020. Abigail L. Kuzma, of Indiana, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corpora-tion for a term expiring July 13, 2019. Abigail L. Kuzma, of Indiana, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corpora-tion for a term expiring July 13, 2022. John G. Levi, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation for a term expiring July 13, 2020. John G. Malcolm, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation for a term expiring July 13, 2020. Frank X. Neuner, Jr., of Louisiana, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation for a term expiring July 13, 2019. Frank X. Neuner, Jr., of Louisiana, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation for a term expiring July 13, 2022. Gloria Valencia-Weber, of New Mexico, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Legal Serv-ices Corporation for a term expiring July 13, 2020. Michael Kubayanda, of Ohio, to be a Commis-sioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission for a term expiring November 22, 2020. Michael D. Baughman, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Pennsylvania for the term of four years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:42 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JN8.REC D11JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D651 June 11, 2018 
Stephanie A. Gallagher, of Maryland, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland. Karin J. Immergut, of Oregon, to be United States District Judge for the District of Oregon. Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. Ariana Fajardo Orshan, of Florida, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida for the term of four years. Martha Maria Pacold, of Illinois, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Il-linois. Michael S. Yeager, of Georgia, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Georgia for the term of four years. 2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. 4 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Army, Foreign Service, and Navy.
                                                                       Pages S3727–28 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3598 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3598 Executive Communications:                     Pages S3598–99 
Petitions and Memorials:                     Pages S3599–S3601 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S3601 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3605–07 
Additional Statements:                          Pages S3597–S3605 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S3607–S3727 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—120)
                                                                Page S3403 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:47 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, June 12, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3727.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, June 12, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, Environ-mental Protection Agency, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Com-merce, Department of Justice, Science, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider the nominations of Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Board of Governors, and to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors, and Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors, both of the Federal Reserve System, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jeffrey Kessler, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Commerce, Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, and Patrick J. Urda, of Indiana, both to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court, and Amy Karpel, of Washington, and Randolph J. Stayin, of Virginia, both to be a Member of the United States International Trade Commission, 10 a.m., SD–215. Full Committee, business meeting to consider an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘Helping to End Addiction and Lessen (HEAL) Substance Use Disorders Act of 2018’’, 2 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription drugs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:42 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JN8.REC D11JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD652 June 11, 2018 focusing on examining the President’s blueprint ‘Amer-ican Patients First’ to lower drug prices, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the Chemical Facility Anti- Terrorism Standards program, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine election interference, focusing on ensuring law enforce-ment is equipped to target those seeking to do harm, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5735, the ‘‘Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act’’; H.R. 2851, the ‘‘Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 5788, the ‘‘Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of June 12 through June 15, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 5515, National Defense Authorization Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: June 13, business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘2018 Farm Bill’’, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: June 12, Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, Environmental Protection Agency, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. June 12, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Commerce, Department of Justice, Science, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. June 14, Full Committee, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, Environmental Protection Agency, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Commerce, Department of Justice, science, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and an original bill making appropriations for the legislative branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: June 12, business meeting to consider the nominations of Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Board of Governors, and to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors, and Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors, both of the Fed-eral Reserve System, 10 a.m., SD–538. June 14, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine an update from the Comptroller of the Currency, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: June 13, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: June 12, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–366. June 13, Subcommittee on Water and Power, to hold hearings to examine S. 3001, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and facilities of the Central Valley Project, H.R. 132, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to convey certain land and appur-tenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Ar-buckle Master Conservancy District, and H.R. 1967, to amend the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to authorize pumped storage hydropower development utilizing mul-tiple Bureau of Reclamation reservoirs, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: June 13, to hold hearings to examine innovation and America’s infra-structure, focusing on the effects of emerging autonomous technologies on America’s roads and bridges, 10 a.m., SD–406. June 13, Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Manage-ment, and Regulatory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Army Corps’ regulation of surplus water and the role of states’ rights, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: June 12, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Jeffrey Kessler, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, and Patrick J. Urda, of Indiana, both to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court, and Amy Karpel, of Washington, and Randolph J. Stayin, of Vir-ginia, both to be a Member of the United States Inter-national Trade Commission, 10 a.m., SD–215. June 12, Full Committee, business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Helping to End Addiction and Lessen (HEAL) Substance Use Disorders Act of 2018’’, 2 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: June 13, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kimberly Breier, of Vir-ginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Western Hemisphere Affairs), Kenneth S. George, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay, and Joseph N. Mondello, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Trinidad and Tobago, all of the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. June 14, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Korea, Tibor Peter Nagy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:42 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JN8.REC D11JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D653 June 11, 2018 Jr., of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary (African Af-fairs), and David Schenker, of New Jersey, to be an As-sistant Secretary (Near Eastern Affairs), all of the Depart-ment of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: June 12, to hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription drugs, focusing on examining the President’s blueprint ‘American Patients First’ to lower drug prices, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: June 12, to hold hearings to examine the Chemical Facil-ity Anti-Terrorism Standards program, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. June 13, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2836, to assist the Department of Homeland Security in preventing emerging threats from unmanned aircraft and vehicles, S. 3041, to amend the Robert T. Safford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide for disaster recovery reforms, S. 2392, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to designate cybersecurity tech-nologies that qualify for protection under systems of risk and litigation management, S. 2948, to improve efforts to identify and reduce Governmentwide improper pay-ments, S. 1204, to authorize the United States Postal Service to carry out emergency suspensions of post offices in accordance with certain procedures, S. 3027, to save taxpayer money and improve the efficiency and speed of intragovernmental correspondence, S. 2374, to amend the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improve-ment Act of 2012, including making changes to the Do Not Pay Initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased individ-uals, S. 3031, to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the management of Federal per-sonal property, S. 2397, to direct the Secretary of Home-land Security to establish a data framework to provide ac-cess for appropriate personnel to law enforcement and other information of the Department, S. 2896, to require disclosure by lobbyists of convictions for bribery, extor-tion, embezzlement, illegal kickbacks, tax evasion, fraud, conflicts of interest, making false statements, perjury, or money laundering, S. 2276, to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, S. 2549, to designate the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’, S. 2692, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4581, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop best practices for utilizing advanced passenger information and pas-senger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vetting operations, H.R. 5079, to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to require the Department of Homeland Security to develop an engagement strategy with fusion centers, H.R. 4567, to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas personnel enhancement plan, H.R. 1496, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Ave-nue in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’, H.R. 2673, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’, H.R. 3183, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’, H.R. 4301, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Of-fice Building’’, H.R. 4406, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4463, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Me-morial Post Office’’, H.R. 4574, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4646, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Bir-mingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4685, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 4722, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4840, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Opportunities to Provide for Illicit Opioid Interdiction and Detection Act of 2018’’, and the nomi-nations of Kelly Higashi, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, Frederick M. Nutt, of Virginia, to be Controller, Office of Federal Fi-nancial Management, Office of Management and Budget, and Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Office of Government Ethics, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: June 13, business meeting to consider H.R. 1491, to reaffirm the action of the Sec-retary of the Interior to take land into trust for the ben-efit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office high risk list, focusing on turning around vulnerable Indian pro-grams, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: June 12, to hold hearings to examine election interference, focusing on ensuring law enforcement is equipped to target those seeking to do harm, 10 a.m., SD–226. June 13, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine confronting sexual harassment and other workplace mis-conduct in the Federal judiciary, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:42 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JN8.REC D11JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD654 June 11, 2018 June 14, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2837, to improve the systems for identifying the diver-sion of controlled substances, S. 974, to promote com-petition in the market for drugs and biological products by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products, S. 2245, to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, and the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida, Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, and Susan Llewellyn Pamerleau, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Texas, Gadyaces S. Serralta, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Florida, R. Don Ladner, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Flor-ida, and Charles L. Goodwin, to be United States Marshal for the District of Hawaii, all of the Department of Jus-tice, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: June 13, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employ-ment and Training, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: June 12, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. June 14, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, June 13, Subcommittee on Defense, markup on the FY 2019 State, Foreign Oper-ations Appropriations Bill, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. June 13, Full Committee, markup on the FY 2019 De-fense Appropriations Bill; and FY 2019 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill, 12 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, June 13, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Depart-ment of Defense Aviation Safety Mishap Review and Oversight Process’’, 10 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. June 14, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Navy and Air Force Depot Policy Issues and Infrastruc-ture Concerns’’, 9 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, June 13, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Power of Charter Schools: Promoting Opportunity for America’s Students’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, June 13, Sub-committee on Communications and Technology, markup on H.R. 2345, the ‘‘National Suicide Hotline Improve-ment Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5709, the ‘‘PIRATE Act’’; H.R. 3994, the ‘‘ACCESS BROADBAND Act’’; and H.R. 4881, the ‘‘Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. June 13, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, markup on H.R. 6032, the ‘‘State of Modern Application, Research, and Trends of IoT Act’’, 11 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. June 14, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding the Digital Advertising Ecosystem’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. June 14, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Chemical Facilities Anti-Terrorism Standards Program (CFATS)—A Progress Report’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. June 15, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of U.S. Public Health Biopreparedness: Responding to Biological Attacks, Pandemics, and Emerging Infectious Disease Outbreaks’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, June 13, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Financial Industry Regulation: the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. June 13, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Effectiveness, Fairness, and Transparency in Securities Law Enforce-ment’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, June 13, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘The Middle East and North Africa: Ensuring Resources Match Objectives’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. June 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Democracy Promotion in a Challenging World’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. Committee on the Judiciary, June 13, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4423, the ‘‘North Texas Water Supply Security Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5954, the ‘‘Anti-terrorism Clarification Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5904, the ‘‘NOPEC’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, June 13, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 2365, the ‘‘Desert Community Lands Act’’; H.R. 2606, the ‘‘Stigler Act Amendments of 2017’’; H.R. 3744, the ‘‘Tribal Recognition Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5787, the ‘‘Strengthening Coastal Commu-nities Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5874, the ‘‘Restoring Ac-countability in the Indian Health Service Act of 2018’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. June 14, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources, hearing on legislation on the ‘‘Enhancing State Management of Federal Lands and Waters Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, June 14, Sub-committee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘NASA Cost and Schedule Overruns: Acquisition and Program Manage-ment Challenges’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, June 13, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of Category Management on the Small Business Industrial Base’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. June 14, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Shrinking the Skills 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:42 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JN8.REC D11JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D655 June 11, 2018 Gap: Solutions to the Small Business Workforce Short-age’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, June 13, Subcommittee on Health, hearing on H.R. 2787, the ‘‘VET MD Act’’; H.R. 3696, the ‘‘Wounded Warrior Workforce Enhance-ment Act’’; H.R. 5521, the ‘‘VA Hiring Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 5693, the ‘‘Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act’’; H.R. 5864, the ‘‘VA Hospitals Establishing Leader-ship Performance Act’’; H.R. 5974, the ‘‘VA COST SAV-INGS Enhancements Act’’; H.R. 5938, the ‘‘Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6066, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the productivity of the management of Department of Veterans Affairs health care, and for other purposes, 3 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: June 13, to hold hearings to examine employer perspectives on multiemployer pension plans, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:42 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JN8.REC D11JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD656 June 11, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 12 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 5515, National Defense Authorization Act. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Tuesday, June 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be continued. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:42 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D11JN8.REC D11JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST