Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5599 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 15, 2018 No. 135 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, August 17, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
Senate 
WEDNESDAY , AUGUST 15, 2018 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Glorious God, the source of our strength, fill us with life anew. Strengthen and guide our lawmakers by the light of Your counsels, directing their steps. Lord, open their eyes so that they may discern Your truth and courageously obey Your precepts. Give them reverence for You in all their thoughts, words, and actions. Think Your thoughts through them, providing them with the peace, power, and pa-tience needed to do Your will on Earth. Eternal God, we give You all praise, glory, blessings, and honor. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will re-port. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF AUSTIN TICE  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, yes-terday marked the sixth anniversary of the kidnapping of a brave young man named Austin Tice. Back in 2012, Austin decided to put his law school studies on hold and spend the summer in Syria as a free-lance journalist. He was frustrated with the lack of good information on Syria’s civil war—a war that, by some estimates, has claimed more than one- half million lives and displaced mil-lions more, having created a refugee crisis affecting neighboring countries, like Jordan, Turkey, and Lebanon, and having destabilized the entire region. In spite of the violence and political turmoil and as a strong believer in the freedom of the press, Austin wanted to let his fellow Americans know what was going on in that terrible civil war, which continues to this day. So he didn’t wait around for someone else to act; he went to Syria himself, and he reported on the civil war. As with most things he tried, Austin proved to be a very successful jour-nalist. But then, in August of 2012, just days before he was planning to leave Syria, he was taken hostage, and little has been heard from him since. That is why I am again today renewing my call for Austin Tice’s immediate release by his captors. Over the last several years, I have had the privilege of meeting with Aus-tin’s parents a number of times, Mark and Debra Tice, who have worked tire-lessly to locate him and bring him home safely. In fact, I plan to meet with them again this afternoon to bring them up to speed on my most re-cent conversations with National Secu-rity Adviser John Bolton, whom I have asked to meet with the Tices and main-tain the continuity between the Obama administration and now the Trump ad-ministration when it comes to efforts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.000 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5600 August 15, 2018 
to return him safely to his family and friends. Of course, his family doesn’t know Austin as a journalist, primarily; they don’t know him primarily as a deco-rated Marine Corps veteran, a Houston native, and a seventh-generation Texan, either—all of which he is. They, of course, know him as their friend, their brother, their son. Austin Tice has a family who is wait-ing for him, missing him, and laboring to find any piece of information that will lead to his whereabouts and return him home safely. Today, on the sixth anniversary, I am here to say that the entire Nation stands behind the Tice family. In soli-darity with them, we call for Austin’s immediate release by his captors and urge the administration to use all pos-sible means to secure Austin’s safe re-turn home. I am thankful to the Trump administration, as I am to the Obama administration, and I have met with them both about Austin’s case. I know the former administration of President Obama and the current ad-ministration of President Trump share my desire to see Austin come home as soon as possible, but we need to take a step back and realize why people like Austin are taken hostage in the first place. In many parts of the world, au-thoritarian regimes and criminal nonstate actors see a free press as a threat—an existential threat. They don’t want to risk a spotlight exposing human rights abuses, lies, corruption, and graft. They want to inoculate themselves from criticism and bury the truth so it never sees the light of day. In places like Turkey, Syria, China, and elsewhere, journalists are silenced and often jailed, sometimes even killed. We have seen this to the south of our border in Mexico, too, with drug cartels and criminal syndicates that don’t like the scrutiny that a free press provides on their illicit activities. According to organizations like Re-porters Without Borders, 2017 was per-haps the most dangerous year on record for journalists, and 2018 is not expected to be any different. We need to be aware of this and constantly vigi-lant to do our part to ensure journal-ists’ safety and the flourishing of free-dom of the press everywhere it can pos-sibly exist. So, to Austin’s parents, I pledge: I will never give up until we find your son and bring him home safely. This week, we will pass another milestone— 6 years—but hope that in the near fu-ture, the next milestone will be the day that marks Austin’s return to the United States and to his family. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Madam President, on a separate note, this week, we will continue the con-firmation process for the nominee to fill the vacancy left by the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy from the U.S. Supreme Court. Of course, I am talking about Judge Brett Kavanaugh. This last weekend, the Senate Judici-ary Committee released to the public another enormous batch of records from Judge Kavanaugh’s service as a lawyer in the George W. Bush White House. It also released another 21,000 pages just last night. The office of President Bush has now produced more than 174,000 pages of material to the committee, and, of course, that is on top of the judge’s judicial record, which has already been produced to the com-mittee. According to the Wall Street Jour-nal, the White House has turned over more than 195,000 documents on Judge Kavanaugh—significantly more than were produced for either Justice Kagan or Justice Gorsuch. As Chairman GRASSLEY has pointed out, it is the largest cumulative production of exec-utive branch material ever received in the course of evaluating a Supreme Court nominee. These records, of course, are being re-viewed as they are produced, in addi-tion to the 307 opinions or cases in which Judge Kavanaugh wrote an opin-ion as an appeals court judge, as well as the hundreds more opinions that he joined as a member of the panel. Once upon a time, our Democratic friends said that these opinions and cases were what mattered the most— not extraneous paper that bears no rel-evance to the judge’s qualification or that he even had any input in. Perhaps our friend, the Democratic leader, re-members the standard he set with re-gard to documents during Justice Sotomayor’s confirmation. He appro-priately pointed out, ‘‘It is the judicial record, more than speeches and state-ments, more than personal back-ground, that most accurately measures how modest a judicial nominee will be.’’ Of course, at the time, the discussion was whether judges respected their unique role in our government, one that came to be described as a modest role—in other words, not primarily as a policymaker. The point is, I agree with the comments made by our friend Sen-ator S
CHUMER that it is the judicial record that tells us the most about how a judge will perform once elevated to the U.S. Supreme Court. At another point, the Democratic leader said, with regard to then-Judge Sotomayor that ‘‘we’ve heard precious little about the body and totality of your 17-year record on the bench, which everybody knows is the best way to evaluate a nominee.’’ Again, I agree with him. In one final instance, addressing Judge Sotomayor, he said: ‘‘I want to turn to your record on the bench, which I believe is the best way to get a sense of what your record will be on the bench in the future.’’ Again, that is common sense. Well, you heard it: The best way to get a sense for how a judge will per-form in the future is how he or she has performed on the bench in the past, and that is according to our friend, Senator S
CHUMER —not me, although I agree with him. As I said, Democrats have 12 years’ worth of cases and opinions from Judge Kavanaugh, and I hope they have start-ed to look at them, but I am not so sure that is the case. I believe 20 Demo-crats have already come out against the nominee, so, apparently, they don’t need to see anything else in order to reach a conclusion, and, as I have noted in the past, five of them came out against the nominee before he was even nominated, indicating, of course, that they would oppose anyone nomi-nated by this President. Now they have turned their tactics to making requests for more and more documents, even while the Washington Post describes their campaign to block Kavanaugh as ‘‘fizzling.’’ The article said that our Democratic colleagues have all but acknowledged they are un-able to prevent the confirmation, so you might ask: Why the paper chase? The real answer is, that is all they have left. The Archivist, appointed by former President Obama, has stated that he cannot, nor can any current Archivist, change the law or long-standing and consistent practices when it comes to document production. There is no end run around this proc-ess. Of course, the Senate already has most, if not all, of the documents we need—many more, as I mentioned, than they had for either Justices Gorsuch or Kagan. What is going on exactly? I think I have indicated my opinion. It is all they have left. During the time we were away from Washington this last week, Chairman GRASSLEY said the confirmation hear-ing for Judge Kavanaugh will begin on September 4, which will be 57 days after President Trump’s announcement of the nomination. This is entirely con-sistent with Justices Sotomayor, Kagan, and Gorsuch. Hearings for those nominees occurred 48 or 49 days after the President’s announcement. We continue to hear new lines of at-tack developing or, I should say, trying to develop. One I have heard involved Judge Kavanaugh’s role as Staff Sec-retary in the White House—an impor-tant job, to be sure, but one more like a traffic cop—in this case, for docu-ments—than a substantive policy-maker. As Staff Secretary, he didn’t contribute to the documents. He didn’t make the policy articulated in the doc-uments. He just made sure they made their way, properly vetted, through the White House, to the President’s desk for his signature. That is what the Staff Secretary does. Others have said they wonder what role Judge Kavanaugh played in devel-oping administration policy regarding detention and interrogation of sus-pected terrorists. I will answer that for them. The answer is none. We have heard a few other objections being tossed around, and I will con-tinue to address those in the coming days and weeks. Today I think the last word should go to a self-described lib-eral, feminist lawyer—that is what she called herself—who has argued more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.003 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5601 August 15, 2018 
cases before the U.S. Supreme Court than any other woman. In POLITICO, she wrote recently, with regard to Judge Kavanaugh, ‘‘Sometimes a su-perstar is just a superstar.’’ She said our Democratic colleagues should ‘‘stop pretending that Kavanaugh or his record is the issue.’’ She went on to say he is well-qualified, brilliant, has integrity, and is within the main-stream of legal thought. Her last words were the most em-phatic. She said: ‘‘Democrats should quit attacking Kavanaugh—full stop.’’ She said their behavior is ‘‘unbecom-ing,’’ and I don’t disagree with her. We know many on the other side are not particularly interested in the nominee’s qualifications. As I said, for some, the fact that President Trump nominated Judge Kavanaugh is all they need to know. They are opposed to anybody and everybody this Presi-dent might nominate. Others have now come out in opposition before they have examined these, perhaps ap-proaching, 1 million pages of docu-ments that will be produced. Again, it is obvious it is not material to their decision because they have already an-nounced their opposition. They don’t even want to wait until the hearing where the judge will be questioned and provide answers to the committee’s questions. We know there is not much to attack when it comes to the judge’s long judi-cial record of objectivity and fairness on the DC Circuit. They are trying to dig through other people’s emails and conduct a government-sponsored, tax-payer-funded fishing expedition through the records of the entire Bush White House: If we can’t find anything wrong with the nominee, let’s distract people by raising other issues by digging through the papers of the Bush White House. As I said, I call this the great paper chase. It may result in a never-ending tower of cardboard boxes. Ultimately, it gets us nowhere, and it costs all of us a great deal of time and effort and ac-complishes nothing. The truth is, Judge Kavanaugh is eminently qualified and well respected by everybody who knows him. Having met the judge in 2000, when I served as attorney general of Texas, where he helped me get ready for my oral argu-ments before the U.S. Supreme Court, I have known the judge and followed his career since that time. I agree that he is not only eminently qualified, but he is well respected by all those who know him, including me. I look forward to confirming Justice Kavanaugh before the Supreme Court begins its next term at the beginning of October. I yield floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will stand in recess until 2:15 p.m. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:36 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. COTTON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
ENDANGERED SPECIES ACT  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to spend time this afternoon talking about something I continue to hear about in Wyoming. I heard about it a lot over the past week. I heard about it last night in Sundance, WY. It is the Endangered Species Act. The Endangered Species Act became law in 1973. That was 45 years ago. It was a bipartisan vote. The law has re-sulted in a lot of great work to save species from extinction. We have seen species such as the bald eagle come back from the brink of being almost completely wiped out. That is a great example of what this law was intended to do—to identify species in danger and to help them recover. The problem is that there aren’t enough examples like the bald eagle to point to because the goal of the law was to help species get to the point where they no longer needed the pro-tection of the Endangered Species Act. We would put them on the list, they would recover, and then they would come off the list. That was the goal of the bipartisan legislation. That is how it was supposed to work. Let’s look at what has actually hap-pened. Since the law was put on the books, Washington has put 2,424 dif-ferent species of plants and animals on the list. Only 54 have ever come off the list because they actually recovered. That is just 54 species in 45 years. That is less than 3 percent. I am a doctor. As a doctor, if I were to admit 100 patients to the hospital and only 3 out of every 100 I admitted recovered enough to be discharged, maybe those patients ought to look for a different doctor. We are now in the same situation the En-dangered Species Act. When it comes to the Endangered Species Act, the status quo is not good enough. We need to do more than just put species on the list and leave them in the intensive care unit without a plan for recovery; we need to see them actually recover. That is the whole point. The Endangered Species Act has not been substantially amended or updated in 30 years. That is a long time for a law to stay on the books without actu-ally trying to improve it—and improve-ment is necessary. Americans across the country are telling us it is time. The Endangered Species Act needs to be modernized. As a former Governor of Wyoming, Dave Freudenthal, who came back to testify in front of the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee, said, ‘‘It just has too much sand in the gears.’’ Well, maybe the problem with the Endangered Species Act doesn’t seem so clear to bureaucrats in Washington, DC, but when you go out West to places like my home State of Wyoming, the problems are obvious. We see how the law is failing to help species. We see it every day in Wyoming, and it comes up continually in my discussions with folks at home. We see how it is failing the communities—communities that suffer under the law’s ineffective and burdensome redtape. That is why States in the West are tackling this issue when Washington, DC, has done so very little over the last decades. Three years ago, the Western Gov-ernors’ Association—a bipartisan group—began looking at ways to mod-ernize the law to help the Western States. The chairman of the group was Matt Mead, our Governor in Wyoming. He set up a special bipartisan initiative that has been working on this issue all of that time. They talked with people across the political spectrum—liberals, conservatives, Republicans, Demo-crats—people from all different back-grounds, and they came up with some practical and sensible policy rec-ommendations. Last month, I released a discussion draft of legislation based on the prin-ciples from the Western Governors’ As-sociation and the policies that they are promoting and recommending to help all of the States in the West. It is an effort to recreate what the Western Governors’ Association’s bipartisan process has done and recreate it right here in the Senate. I received a sup-portive letter from the group that was signed by its Republican chairman and its Democratic vice chairman, Gov-ernor Daugaard of South Dakota and Governor Ige of Hawaii—both sup-porting our initiative. I think it shows we are on the right path. We also based this discussion draft on input from two hearings that I chaired in the Committee on Environment and Public Works. We heard from a diverse and bipartisan group of witnesses. We heard from Dave Freudenthal, the Democratic former Governor of Wyo-ming, and from Fish and Wildlife direc-tors from across the country. Most said that the principles set forth by the Western Governors’ Association were a good starting point for modernizing the Endangered Species Act. One important step that we take in this draft legislation is to elevate the role that States actually play in imple-menting the law. We make them full partners with Washington, DC. It is necessary and the time is right because when the law was written, States didn’t have the conservation capacity they have today. Over the last 45 years, States have dramatically expanded their expertise and their ability to manage species. They have done a re-markable job over the past 45 years. State and local experts are the ones on the ground. They understand the situa-tion, and they work with the species on a daily basis. They know the needs of these species and the unique challenges they face, the habitats, and the threats to the species. My draft bill gives States the oppor-tunity to lead wildlife conservation ef-forts because they are the most pre-pared and the most able to do it. States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.005 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5602 August 15, 2018 
need to be playing a significant role in recovering and in managing these spe-cies. There are about 11,000 people working for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service combined—11,000 individuals. Conservation efforts at the State level have more than 50,000 people—more than 4 to 1—working on these critical issues. There are more than 11,000 wild-life biologists and 10,000 wildlife law enforcement officers at the State level. States are now spending close to $6 bil-lion a year collectively on conserva-tion efforts. It is clear that America’s conservation power is in the States, not in Washington, DC. That is where the action is, where the money is, where the intelligence is, where the training is, and where the knowledge is. That is where people want to be working. These State agencies are in the field every day working to protect wildlife. Another thing this draft legislation does is to establish recovery teams for the species that are listed on the en-dangered species list. The goal is to de-velop and implement specific recovery plans for each species. The idea is to make the law more transparent so spe-cific recovery goals are clear to every-one. It provides more of the regulatory certainty that communities across this country need. We also have to make sure that the species that are most in need get the resources first. Again, this isn’t some idea that someone came up with behind closed doors in Washington, DC—not at all. This whole effort is based on feedback from the 19 States and 3 U.S. terri-tories that are part of the Western Governors’ Association. Wyoming Gov-ernor Matt Mead testified at a recent hearing that my bill is in line with what the States are looking for. He said that it ‘‘represents a reasonable way’’ to start a national dialogue on the subject, just like the Western Gov-ernors did. That is why 130 organiza-tions have already written to express their support for this effort. There are some groups out there who don’t want any change to the law. They want to keep adding to the list and let-ting the list grow. They don’t seem to care whether the species ever recover enough to come off the list, which was the goal of the original legislation. I think that approach for all of us is not good enough. I want to find a bipartisan path to modernize the Endangered Species Act. Let’s follow the lead of these western Governors. Let’s have that same bipar-tisan discussion in the Senate. The En-dangered Species Act is an important law. Yes, it can be improved. We need more examples like we have with the bald eagle. Recovering these species must be the goal, not just putting them on life support and leaving them. Let’s work together to make the En-dangered Species Act work better for species and for people. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The Senator from Florida. 
DRILLING IN THE EASTERN GULF OF MEXICO  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, there was a new report published in POLIT-ICO today that read that oil industry lobbyists have been consulting with the Trump administration about drill-ing off of Florida in the eastern Gulf of Mexico. The Gulf of Mexico, off of Flor-ida, is off limits to drilling, pursuant to a law that Senator Mel Martinez and I passed in 2006 that prohibits any drill-ing up until the year 2022. The U.S. Department of Defense— specifically, the Air Force, which runs the Eglin Gulf Test and Training Range—has asked us to extend that moratorium on any oil-related activi-ties until at least the year 2027. The Air Force is requesting this simply be-cause the Eglin Gulf Test and Training Range is the largest test and training range in the world for the U.S. mili-tary. When the eastern training for the U.S. Navy was shut down in the Atlan-tic because the training range at the island of Vieques had been shut down, most of the Navy training for the At-lantic came to the gulf test and train-ing range, not even to speak of the huge U.S. Air Force bases—Eglin Air Force Base, where all of our American and foreign pilots are trained on the F– 35, as well as Tyndall Air Force Base, where similar training is done for our American pilots on the F–22. In addition, the training range is of such a significant distance and square mileage that it allows some of the most sophisticated weapons to travel hundreds of miles in the testing of those weapons, most of them by air. They can either impact in the sea at a potential target or can impact on land, at the giant Eglin Air Force Base. As a result, this is an extremely valuable national asset. The training and test-ing not only takes place in the air, over the Gulf of Mexico, but it also takes place on the surface and, in some cases, underwater. The U.S. military has asked us not to mess with the gulf test and training range. Yet, as we speak—and from this report in POLITICO today—efforts are being made by the oil industry to get the Trump administration to allow up to 75 miles off the coastline of Florida to be drilled. I want to show you what that would do to the heart of the gulf test and training range. All of this area in yellow is off limits until the year 2022 to any oil-related activities. You see the State of Florida. You see Pensacola, Eglin Air Force Base, here at Fort Walton, and the Tyndall Air Force Base, here at Pan-ama City, and the rest of the peninsula of Florida. These are the Florida Keys and the Naval Air Station Key West, which is where a lot of those Navy squadrons of F/A–18s come down and will train for a week or two. When they lift off from the runway on Boca Chica, within a couple of minutes, they are over restricted airspace. So they don’t have to spend a lot of fuel or time in getting to their training area. You see the enormity of this area that is shaded in yellow. From here, this area is 125 miles off the coast, but in a line from Tampa Bay, it is 235 miles. From a line off of Naples, it is more like 285 or 290 miles. It is a huge area that is preserved for national se-curity—for the training and testing of some of our most sophisticated weap-ons. As has been reported in POLITICO today, if the Trump administration were to allow the oil industry to drill up to 75 miles off the coast, then you will have a line that will be approxi-mately like that, and you will see what you have done. You will have cut the heart out of the gulf test and training range for our U.S. military. I could tell you that as long as this Senator is here to protect this training range, that is not going to occur. Yet we passed this in 2006, and there have been attempts, time after time, of try-ing to invade this military space, espe-cially everything east of this longitude line, which is considered the military mission line. For the sake of our na-tional security, I don’t think we want to do this. Just to give you an idea of how large and how valuable an asset this re-stricted space is, if you were to take the Nevada test site, which is a famous test site, especially with all of its supersecret stuff, and were to super-impose it on the gulf test and training range, it would be a minor part of the land or surface area of the Earth com-pared to the size of the gulf test and training range. Here, again, we have an example where, early in the year, the Trump ad-ministration comes out and says they are going to drill and offer leases off the entire Outer Continental Shelf of the United States. Then, in a political stunt, the Secretary of the Interior, Mr. Zinke, comes to Florida and says: Oh, we are not going to do that off of Florida when, in fact, time after time, we have information—including this report in POLITICO today—that says they are, and they are up to 75 miles. We are not going to do that to the U.S Military, to the Department of De-fense. We are not going to take away the heart of their most significant test and training range, and if anybody wants to have a fight about it, this Senator is ready to fight. Instead of proposing this, what we ought to be doing is what the Air Force asks, and that is to extend out this moratorium and law on any drilling from the year 2022 to at least 2027. That is what this Senator—and I think I can speak for the Florida delegation in a bipartisan way—wants to accomplish. 
TARIFFS  
Mr. President, today, in Jackson-ville, I saw firsthand how the Trump administration’s tariffs are starting to cut jobs and threaten the very manu-facturing facilities we are trying to en-courage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.006 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5603 August 15, 2018 
I had reported to the Senate several months ago that I had also visited the Budweiser brewery in Jacksonville, where they produce 3.3 billion alu-minum cans a year, and how a tariff, or tax, of 10 percent added to that im-ported aluminum would pretty soon add up to real money. Today I went to a manufacturing plant that had actually brought busi-ness from China. This is a manufac-turing company that puts together, manufactures garbage cans, the kinds that have the lids that pop up on the top when you step on the foot pedal. They are in various sizes. The ones I saw being manufactured today are about that much in diameter or a larg-er size, about that much in diameter. This manufacturer, which is the same company that also manufactures in China, but it is done with human labor in China, imports the preprepared steel, and then, because of American creativity and Yankee ingenuity, it ac-quired robots and created a process where they are assisted by humans. In one case, I saw a factory worker who could do the very same task faster than the robot can. They put together these garbage cans for, lo and behold, Walmart. Walmart will not pay any more for the ones manufactured in America than the ones manufactured in China. Of course, the ones manufactured in China are the ones they are getting because they are cheaper. In large part, that is because the cost of labor is cheaper. This com-pany created a new manufacturing process where this can be done as cheaply as it is done in China and therefore has created 60 jobs, in this particular plant I visited today, just since it opened up last year. When you add all of the ancillary jobs and the suppliers, you are talking about 250 jobs being affected. Here is the problem. The problem is the 25-percent tariff on the imported steel sheets that come from China. If the manufacturer has to add on 25 per-cent to the cost of his garbage can, ob-viously, that is not going to be com-petitive, since they are selling that garbage can and can still just make it at the same price they import that gar-bage can from China. This is wrong. Unless that tariff, that tax, is turned off by President Trump, those jobs are going to be lost. That old warehouse fa-cility, which has been modernized with all of this state-of-the-art robotic equipment, $15 million worth of equip-ment, all of that is going to go away. That is not what we want. That is not what is good for America. We want to keep the manufacturing jobs here. We want to bring manufacturing jobs here. This particular company thinks that since this has been a successful finan-cial operation and their big customer is Walmart, they can expand into many other products and do the manufac-turing in America instead of in China— but a 25-percent tariff on imported steel is going to kill it. That is why it is important that we try to get Presi-dent Trump to recognize that this is doing harm to America instead of doing good. I saw that directly and very vividly. I saw employees who were hard at work. I saw a rundown area that has suddenly sprung back to life. I saw an old, dilapidated, abandoned warehouse that had suddenly become a new, mod-ernized, high-tech facility. I don’t want that to go away. I want that and all of the businesses that are getting so hurt all over America and especially in my State of Florida—what about the boat manufacturers? We have a big boatbuilding industry. The boat manufacturers import a lot of aluminum. Now there is a 10-percent tax on them. That is the tariff, but be-cause of President Trump imposing that tariff, now there is a retaliatory tariff put on by the European Union, Canada, and Mexico for those prod-ucts—in this case, boats. The company is Correct Craft. They are the ones that build the very nice ski boats under the label ‘‘Nautique.’’ Canada responded with a 10-percent retaliatory tariff. The European Union responded with a 25-percent retaliatory tariff on boats exported from the United States to those countries as well as Mexico. They can’t be competitive if they are selling boats in the European Union, and there is a 25-percent hike in the price. That is not going to be competi-tive with the other boat manufacturers in other parts of the world. My visit today in Jacksonville to the company that makes these garbage cans for Walmart is another reminder of just how bad these tariffs are that the President has imposed and how counterproductive it is to the creation of American jobs. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I want to talk today about the opioid epi-demic that has gripped my State of Ohio and so many other States rep-resented by Members of the Chamber. This is now the No. 1 killer in Ohio. It has surpassed car accidents. It is the No. 1 cause of death for Americans under the age of 50. Unfortunately, al-though some are saying we have turned the corner, we haven’t turned the cor-ner in a lot of parts of my State. In fact, there are areas of my State where there have been more overdose deaths this year than there were last year. As tragic as last year was—and there was a big increase from the year before—I do believe that in this Chamber, we have made progress in passing legisla-tion, which is beginning to make a dif-ference. I will talk a little bit about that today. I also believe we have much more to do. In the last couple of years, Congress has gotten busy on this issue. In 2016, we passed legislation called the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. It was the culmination of 4 years’ worth of work—conferences here in Washington; bringing together some of the best minds from around the coun-try; looking at some of the best prac-tices to say ‘‘How do you actually focus on this issue of the opioid epi-demic in a comprehensive way?’’ be-cause we know that is what has to be done. It was about evidence-based pre-vention, strategies, evidence-based treatment, and longer term recovery. It was actually the first time Congress had ever passed legislation dealing with longer term recovery, and that is because we heard so much testimony— I, back home in Ohio, and Members from around the country but also here in Washington—from experts about the fact that when you go into treatment, particularly for this opioid epidemic, the chances of success are increased dramatically if you have longer term recovery. Think of sober housing op-portunities, for instance, after some-body comes out of treatment, to help get them on the right track. That bipartisan legislation I intro-duced with Senator SHELDON WHITE-
HOUSE is now working back home. It is now going out to programs that are evidence-based, proven programs, to try to give them a little boost, working with local government, State govern-ment, nonprofits, and others, leveraging some of the Federal money so that it ends up making a bigger dif-ference in trying to turn the tide on this epidemic. Maybe most important, this legisla-tion, which is called the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act, CARA—maybe the most important thing about CARA is that it recognizes addiction as a disease. In some respect, it was the first time we had done that as a Congress as well. Recognizing it as a disease changes the way you view treatment because it is something that is not a moral failing. In fact, it is often caused by an accident or an in-jury—somebody getting a prescription pill that changes something in their brain, and they become addicted. The point is, in order to solve it, in order to address it, treatment is the avenue that is going to be more suc-cessful. I think treating it like a dis-ease is one of the essential aspects of it. Also, pulling away the stigma, get-ting some of the stigma out of the way, enables more people to come forward to get treatment for their family mem-bers, to seek treatment for a loved one, and enables doctors and others in the medical profession to treat people in a way that helps get them on the right path to recovery. That legislation passed. In fact, ear-lier this year, in the bipartisan budget agreement, there was additional fund-ing put aside for CARA and for other opioid programs, including one I will talk about in second, and that was very important. That 2-year funding bill provided $6 billion over 2 years. That is unprecedented. We have never done anything like that around here. Are we making progress? Yes. Are we there yet? No. In my view, the CARA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.008 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5604 August 15, 2018 
legislation was the right first step, but there is a second step now that is need-ed, which is called CARA 2.0, the Com-prehensive Addiction Recovery Act 2.0. It learns from some of the things that we have found in the field as CARA has been implemented. It picks up some ad-ditional provisions. For instance, it talks about the need to deal even more substantially with overprescribing be-cause most people who die in your State or mine from an opioid overdose started with prescription drugs. That was their first opioid. Earlier, I mentioned that people who might have had an accident or injury are given opioids. We need to stop that overprescribing in order to get at the core of so much of this problem. Prob-ably 8 out of 10 people in Ohio who overdose on heroin or fentanyl started on prescription drugs—sometimes ob-tained legally and sometimes not. It breaks my heart to have a young person come to my office and say ‘‘I had my wisdom tooth taken out’’—this has happened to me fairly frequently because people know I am focused on this issue—‘‘and this doctor gave me opioids, pills, for a wisdom tooth re-moval.’’ In the cases recently in my of-fice, it has been a young person saying ‘‘I was too smart to take them.’’ Thank goodness. Be careful. To the parents out there and the kids who are listen-ing, be careful. Our CARA 2.0 legislation includes, by the way, a 3-day limit on prescription drugs for acute pain. Acute pain would be after a procedure like that, as an ex-ample. The dentists I know—including the new head of the American Dental Association, who has a passion for this issue because he is from Cincinnati, my hometown—understand the impact of this. A lot of people I talk to say you should not be using opioids at all in that case. When I had my wisdom teeth taken out, I wasn’t given opioids, nor were many in my generation. Yet that seems to be normal today. This is an example in CARA 2.0 of going even fur-ther, but in the meantime, we have the CARA legislation out there. It is being funded. That is a good thing. The other legislation is called the Cures legislation. That funding goes di-rectly to the State and then is deliv-ered to various groups around the State, usually through the Alcohol, Drug Addiction, and Mental Health Boards, the ADAMHS Boards. Some of you know about those and probably have been involved in those. That was passed at the end of 2016. It was passed as part of the 21st Century Cures legis-lation, which was broader legislation, but we made sure that opioids were in-cluded there. I thank my colleagues for working with me on that. There were so many, but L
AMAR ALEXANDER , the Senator from Tennessee, stands out as an ap-propriator and authorizer who knew we needed to get some more funding out to these States, particularly States like mine and his that are so hard hit. I thank S
HELLY MOORE CAPITO from West Virginia, a State that probably is, unfortunately, No. 1 now in terms of overdose deaths. Ohio is right behind it. West Virginia is another State that has been hit hard. So many colleagues of mine fought to ensure that there was funding in that legislation. It is making a difference as well. Last year, my home State of Ohio re-ceived $26 million, for instance, in Cures funding and just recently, an-other $26 million, which is being dis-tributed now. These two laws, CARA and Cures, are helping and encouraging innovative programs across Ohio. I have had an opportunity to visit a lot of these programs around the State. I have been to dozens of treatment cen-ters and to roundtable discussions and communities to talk about how this funding can be used most effectively. Let me give a couple of examples. The week before last, I was in the Co-lumbus area, in a town called White-hall. I went to the fire station to have a roundtable discussion about this with community leaders and to see how their program, which is called SAFE, is working. It is called the SAFE Station Program, and it was made possible with a $400,000 grant through the CARA legislation. This funding has been used to train our firefighters, EMS per-sonnel, so they understand how to deal with the opioid issues so that when there is an overdose, they can help somebody go into treatment. This is important for a couple of rea-sons. This seems very simple. Unfortu-nately, there is a big gap right now in most of our communities. I encourage you to plug in to your own community to find out whether it is happening in yours because it probably is; that is, someone who overdoses is now typi-cally saved by this miracle drug called Narcan. Our legislation, CARA, pro-vides more funding for Narcan. We need this. It is necessary, but it is not suffi-cient. So many people who overdose are saved by this miracle drug that re-verses the effect of the overdose, but then what happens? In the vast major-ity of cases, these people go right back to the old environment—maybe to a dysfunctional family, maybe to a gang, maybe to the old neighborhood. If you talk to EMS personnel, fire-fighters, and police officers, who are the ones responsible for finding these people and treating them, they will tell you that they are not happy about giv-ing someone Narcan again and again. They want to see that person get into treatment. It makes no sense for any of us and certainly not for the taxpayer. It also makes no sense for that addict and that addict’s family and friends and employer, if there is one, because that person is not getting the help he or she needs. How do you close that gap? They are doing it at this firehouse in Whitehall, OH. They are doing it in two ways— one, opening up the doors to the fire-house and saying: Come on in. When I was there, just by chance, a young man, who described himself to me as a heroin addict—and he had her-oin on his person—had arrived just be-fore me at this firehouse. Just by chance, he had come in off the streets because he felt it was a safe place. He wasn’t going to get arrested. No one was to going to ask him a lot of ques-tions. But they were going to get him into treatment. He said he was ready. Of course I asked him, as I often do with addicts and recovering addicts, how many times he had been through treatment and what worked or didn’t work. He had been through it three times already, and it hadn’t worked. He said that the difference now is that he believes he is ready. You have to be-lieve him. You have to get someone in treatment when they are ready. That is why having the doors open at the fire-house is very important. He was nerv-ous, but he was transported right after I had a chance to visit with him. I got to see how these EMS personnel com-passionately and professionally dealt with him as he was getting ready to be transported to what is called the Ad-diction Stabilization Center in down-town Columbus, run by Maryhaven. Interestingly, CARA funded the fire station and their program. Cures is what made possible the Addiction Sta-bilization Center—$1.2 million in Cures funding—in downtown Columbus, which is taking people from all over Franklin County and the Columbus area and making a tremendous dif-ference in getting people not just through the Narcan and saving their lives but getting them into treatment and recovery. That is the key, closing that gap. It is tragic to me that the gap is so prevalent and is causing such a problem around our State and our country. The other thing they do, of course, at this fire station is that when they have someone who has overdosed and has been given Narcan, they bring them through this system and take them to the Maryhaven stabilization center and get them the help they need. It has worked remarkably well. Not every-body agrees to go, but the vast major-ity do. That is a huge difference from what normally happens in our country. It is an example of the kind of com-prehensive program that is going to help close the gaps and catch those who are falling between the cracks. It is no surprise that the Surgeon General of the United States, Dr. Je-rome Adams, said recently, when he visited this program in Columbus, that this is ‘‘one of the best programs in the country for lowering stigma and ena-bling recovery.’’ I appreciate the Sur-geon General’s involvement and his willingness to come to Ohio to help us and see how these programs we have passed in the Congress are working. I have seen similar successes made possible through Cures funding and CARA funding around the State. Re-cently, I was in Summit County, which is in Northeast Ohio—going from Co-lumbus, Central Ohio, to Northeast Ohio—at Summa Barberton Hospital. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.010 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5605 August 15, 2018 
They just received a grant from Cures. They are using that for a pilot program to employ a full-time addiction care coordinator during the overnight hours and to ensure that there is medication- assisted treatment available at the emergency room itself. It had not been available previously. What they are finding is that somebody comes into the emergency room, and typically that person walks right back out the door after being saved by this miracle drug, Narcan—also known as naloxone—never to be heard from again until there is another overdose. Some-times, by the way, according to the nurses, that overdose might happen as soon as the next several hours in the parking lot at the hospital. That is no solution. So what they are doing instead is bringing people in, sending them to a counselor, and I got to meet the three women who are coun-selors there, incredibly empathetic women who are taking these people in, saying: No stigma here. No questions asked. How can we help you? Wouldn’t you like to be back with your kids or back in a job or back in a place where you can respect yourself? They have had remarkable success by saying: We can provide you, right now, right here—in their case—Suboxone, which is a medication-assisted treat-ment program where you wean some-body off a drug like Suboxone in order for them to get off their addiction and not go through the horrible pain of withdrawal, at least not as difficult a withdrawal. So they have had great success with that program as well—again, closing that gap. I encourage you to look in your com-munity for these kinds of programs and support them. They are also collaborating with United Way of Summit County and en-gaging the business community to help with this issue. That makes me really happy. Every time I meet with business groups now, I try to raise this issue. So we talked about the importance of tax reform and tax cuts and regulatory re-lief, and all of that is great. Our econ-omy is picking up, but do you know what? It is incredible. The No. 1 prob-lem we have in our economy right now is what? Lack of workers. Every em-ployer—small, large, medium size—is telling me: We need workers. There is a skills gap, of course, and there are other issues, but I think the single big-gest issue is this opioid epidemic. That is based on a couple of studies—one is from the Department of Labor, one from the Brookings Institution—which show that those who are out of work altogether, who aren’t even applying for jobs—and, by the way, among men, that may be at historic levels. About 8
1⁄2million men are literally not trying to get a job—8
1⁄2million men between 25 and 55, prime working years, and you know what half of them say, 46 per-cent, based on one survey, 44 percent another survey—and that is not over-reported. In my view, that has to be underreported because there is a stig-ma, there is a legal issue connected, but about half of them say they are taking pain medication on a daily basis. Two-thirds acknowledge it is prescription pain medication in one study. So this is a huge issue in the business community. It should be. If you want to have more workers out there who are ready to go to work, able to go to work, help on this addiction issue. Yes, provide funding for some of these programs that work but also dig into it in your community. Find out what is working, what is not working. If you have this gap—which I guar-antee you do—between those who are overdosing, getting the Narcan, and those getting into treatment, address that. Find innovative ways to do it. If you are finding there is another gap be-tween shorter term treatment, say, 6, 7, 8, 10 weeks and the longer term re-covery, help address that. Encourage longer term recovery programs. It can be outpatient programs. It might be residential programs, but we know that works to really get people back on track. Find out what is going on in your local community in terms of preven-tion. Is anybody going to the middle schools and talking about what a ruin-ous mistake this can be for your life to go down this path and to be careful about prescription drugs? If we don’t all get involved—and we all have a reason to get involved, every single one of us—to ensure that people can live out their God-given potential in life, then we will not have done ev-erything we can to try to reverse this trend. Again, what I am seeing back home is that what we have done here so far is starting to work. I have to tell you, I believe we would already be seeing a reversal and seeing fewer overdoses across the board if not for one thing; that is, the influx, in the last few years particularly, of this new drug. It is a synthetic form of opioids. It is not her-oin. It is not prescription drugs. It is usually called fentanyl, sometimes carfentanil, but what it is, is some-thing a person made. Here is the shocking news. Fentanyl is 50 times more powerful than heroin— sometimes worse. It is very inexpen-sive. It is readily accessible. It is com-ing not across the Mexican border, and not, as far as we know, being made in this country. It is coming from over-seas, mostly from China, and it is com-ing through our U.S. mail system. Now, let’s be clear. This is the new crisis. Probably two-thirds of the deaths in my home State of Ohio from overdoses are now linked to fentanyl. We had a tele-townhall meeting ear-lier this month. The questions came in. People were making statements and so on. One guy called, and he wanted to talk about the drug issue. He was very professional and very specific about what he wanted to talk about. Then, toward the end of his comments and questions, I could hear his voice crack, and I just knew something was up. Sure enough, he said: By the way, my son died of a fentanyl overdose just a couple of weeks ago. He talked about how his son thought he was just taking heroin—not that heroin isn’t incredibly dangerous in and of itself—but the tragic story that Sam, from Shelby County, OH, told me was that his son died of an overdose of fentanyl. Now his father was on the call trying to figure out how to get at this. He wanted to talk about the STOP Act, which is legislation we have introduced in this Chamber to try to at least stop some of the flow of this deadly poison into our community. Again, we know where it is being made, we know where it is coming from. Law enforcement is desperate for some better tools to be able to stop some of this poison from coming in. We spent about a year in the Perma-nent Subcommittee on Investigations studying this issue. It is a sub-committee I chair. We got some under-cover folks involved with us to help us from the Department of Homeland Se-curity. We were able to go online and find out how this tragic criminal net-work works, and we were able to access a couple hundred websites online that were happy to sell fentanyl freely on-line. By the way, we were able to trace the payment systems for people who had bought from these particular websites and, therefore, were able to track who was actually receiving these ship-ments. We were able to find six dif-ferent instances where somebody had actually gotten fentanyl from one of these sites, and then, by looking at the local news, determined that person died of an overdose within a few days or a few weeks of receiving that ship-ment. We were able to do this just by going online and finding out these people who had bought these drugs from these peo-ple, that they themselves had died of overdoses of fentanyl. Think of all the thousands of others who have died who have received drugs through some of these criminal net-works. Frankly, what we found as we looked into this deeper and deeper was exactly what you would expect, which is these traffickers are smart. There is a lot of money in this. They know how to send these drugs into our neighbor-hoods, and they want to do it through the U.S. Postal Service. Why? Because the other carriers—think FedEx or DHL or UPS and private carriers—are required by law, passed in the U.S. Congress, to tell law enforcement what packages are coming in, from where they are coming, what is in it, where it is going through advanced electronic data before the package comes to this country. We required that after 9/11— frankly, not because of fentanyl but be-cause of the concern about people hav-ing other contraband, including explo-sives in packages—all the private car-riers say to law enforcement: Here is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.011 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5606 August 15, 2018 
what is coming in. Here is where it is from. Here is what is in it. Here is where it is going. With that information, law enforce-ment can then find suspicious pack-ages, and I have seen them do it. I have gone to distribution centers in my State and have been able to see some of these brave personnel from Customs and Border Protection. They are brave because some of this stuff is really dan-gerous. By the way, when they take a pack-age in to inspect it, they have to put on a protective suit. They have to be in a room that is well ventilated so they don’t overdose and die from some of this fentanyl that is coming in. By knowing where it is from, where it is going, what is in it, and by having access to Big Data all around the world—not just the country but the world—to know where the hot spots are, where maybe some Chinese com-pany that has some evil chemists who are engaged in this, maybe they are shipping it through another country, they find that out, if they see it com-ing from another country, they can find those packages as well. They are remarkably successful at finding some of this stuff and getting it offline rath-er than having it go into our commu-nity, but the Postal Service was not re-quired to do this after 9/11. Instead, the Postal Service was told: You ought to study the issue because it is important and get back to us. We are still waiting for that study. That was over 15 years ago. So when you go online, what we found out is, these websites are happy to send it to you through the Postal Service. In fact, they virtually guar-antee delivery if you use the Postal Service. If you use one of these other carriers, they don’t. That is sad. A U.S. Government agency is being used as a conduit to ship poison into our commu-nities. It is the No. 1 killer in my home State. So our legislation is very simple. It simply requires the Postal Service to provide 100 percent advanced electronic data to our law enforcement so they can do the job they want to do. Law en-forcement is desperate for these tools. You can imagine. They want to stop this poison. By the way, the letter carriers I know—you ask your letter carrier— they don’t want to carry this stuff, and they certainly don’t want to have this poison going into the communities they serve. We have about one-third of the U.S. Senate now as cosponsors of this legis-lation. Will it solve the entire prob-lem? No. We talked earlier about the need for more prevention, education, treatment, the longer term recovery, but at least—at least—let’s keep some of this poison from coming in. At a minimum, it is going to raise the price, which is one of our huge problems with fentanyl today. It is not only 50 times more powerful than heroin and people chase that high, but it is very inexpen-sive relative to other forms of opioids. So my hope is, we will have this leg-islation on the floor in the next few weeks; that we will, in a bipartisan way, deal with this issue and tell some-one like Sam from Shelby County, whom I talked about earlier who called into the tele-townhall that we are doing something, so the next dad is not going to have this kind of tragedy be-fall his son. By the way, 2 weeks earlier, at an-other tele-townhall meeting, a woman called in—same thing. At the end of it, she talked about her brother who had died of an overdose of fentanyl that had been put in another drug. So it is being spread in not just heroin, not just cocaine, not just crystal meth but other drugs as well, and that is one of the great challenges law enforcement has today. I appreciate the opportunity to talk about some of the positive things this Congress has done, the CURES Act, the CARA Act, how I have seen it back home making a difference in the lives of the people I represent, but also there is a need for us to do more. Certainly fund those programs, continue to pro-vide the funding at these historic levels because it is necessary, because the epidemic absolutely deserves that kind of attention, and it is necessary. Second, let’s take these other steps. Let’s stop this overprescribing. Let’s pass the STOP Act to ensure that we can deal with this fentanyl crisis. Let’s ensure that we can turn the corner, turn the tide, begin to save lives. I think we can if we continue to make progress and continue to focus on these issues that make such a difference to our constituents. I yield back. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, as the Senate reconvenes to cross more items off our to-do list, we should take pride in all we have already accom-plished this summer. This month alone, we have already advanced the Senate’s farm bill to con-ference and named conferees to finalize this important legislation. We have also passed another set of appropria-tions measures. The Senate has now approved 7 of the 12 measures for next year, and we finalized the John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019, which President Trump signed into law on Monday of this week. The reason we are convening today is that important work remains for the weeks ahead. That includes more progress on appropriations, and it in-cludes confirming more of the Presi-dent’s nominees. Last week, Chairman G
RASSLEY an-nounced that Judiciary Committee hearings for Judge Brett Kavanaugh, whom the President has nominated to serve on the Supreme Court, will begin September 4. Judge Kavanaugh’s testimony will only add to the enormous wealth of in-formation about his legal qualifica-tions, his professional reputation, and his jurisprudence that is already avail-able. Already the committee has re-ceived nearly 200,000 pages of material that relate to this nomination. By all accounts, this is already the most ma-terial ever submitted for any Supreme Court nomination—the most material ever. Of course, the best indicator of how Judge Kavanaugh will approach the role of a Federal judge is the way he has discharged his duties as a Federal judge in the 12-plus years he served on the DC Circuit Court—12-plus years, more than 300 opinions. I can hardly articulate this point bet-ter than my friend the senior Senator from Vermont. Back when the Senate was evaluating the nomination of then- Judge Sonia Sotomayor to the Su-preme Court, Senator LEAHY said: We do not have to imagine what kind of a judge she will be because we see the kind of judge she has been. A number of other prominent Demo-crats echoed that sentiment, including my friend the Democratic leader. He called Republican requests for addi-tional documents related to the Sotomayor nomination a ‘‘fishing ex-pedition’’ and said Republicans were ‘‘grasping at straws.’’ My friend from New York said ‘‘everybody knows’’ that then-Judge Sotomayor’s ‘‘record on the bench’’ was ‘‘the best way to evaluate’’ her nomination. So I hope that our Democratic col-leagues who are demanding even more documents have taken the time to read the 12 years of opinions from Judge Kavanaugh that they already have. That, of course, will underscore exem-plary service on the second highest court in the Nation. When it was the Supreme Court nominee of a Democratic President, they themselves insisted that judicial opinions were more important than any other papers for evaluating a Su-preme Court nominee. Well, well, we have Judge Kavanaugh’s opinions, and we have this record-breaking pile of ad-ditional materials—far more materials than were produced for the Sotomayor nomination, by the way—12 years of opinions and the most material in his-tory. Every Senator who is actually willing to give this nominee fair con-sideration will be more than fully equipped to do just that. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, last week I announced that the Senate Ju-diciary Committee will hold a hearing on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination for the Supreme Court starting on Sep-tember 4. The hearing will begin 57 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.018 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5607 August 15, 2018 
days after the President announced Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, more than a week longer than the period be-tween the announcements and hearings for the last three Justices—Sotomayor, Kagan, and Gorsuch. The Senate has already received more documents from Judge Kavanaugh’s time in the executive branch than we did for any previous Supreme Court nominee. We have so far received more than 184,000 pages of documents, of which more than 124,000 are currently publicly available to any-body in this country going to judici-ary.senate.gov. The team of lawyers who work for the majority have already reviewed more than 10,000 pages of the 307 judi-cial opinions that Judge Kavanaugh wrote, along with hundreds more opin-ions that he joined, in his 12 years of service on the DC Circuit. The team of lawyers who worked for the majority have reviewed 110 pages of written an-swers and over 17,000 pages of materials Judge Kavanaugh submitted to the committee in response to its bipartisan questionnaire—the most robust ques-tionnaire ever submitted to a Supreme Court nominee. The team of lawyers who work for the majority has already reviewed every page of the more than 184,000 pages of emails and other records that the committee has received so far from Judge Kavanaugh’s time as a govern-ment lawyer in the White House and also serving with Judge Starr when Starr was independent counsel. I expect that we will receive even more documents this very night or, at the latest, tomorrow and that all re-maining documents responsive to our request will be produced next week. We will work to make every unrestricted record publicly available as quickly as possible. As I predicted, this confirmation process is the most transparent ever, particularly as it relates to the number of documents that we are receiving. We have already received more documents from Judge Kavanaugh’s executive branch service than any nominee in history, with many more to come. Senators have more time to review Judge Kavanaugh’s record than they did for at least three Supreme Court nominees. So I am very confident that the committee and the Senate will have ample information and time to carry out our responsibilities under our Constitution to advise and consent. But some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are attempting to manipulate the American people. I just described to you the largest docu-ment production in the history of a Su-preme Court nomination. But guess what. The minority leader describes it as ‘‘unprecedented secrecy.’’ This argu-ment is very ridiculous on its face, and the American people aren’t buying it. I got a lot of questions at my town meetings across Iowa over the last week. In 20 different counties in Iowa, this issue about the Supreme Court al-ways came up—that shouldn’t surprise anybody—but there was hardly any mention of this document issue, which was cooked up by the Washington in-siders. Let’s not forget how this document issue started. First, liberal dark money groups and their Senate allies an-nounced immediate opposition to Judge Kavanaugh. Some of them even announced it before the name Kavanaugh was announced by the President. The minority leader said that he would oppose Judge Kavanaugh with everything he has. So their first tactic was to argue that the Senate shouldn’t confirm any-one during a midterm election year. They attempted to invoke the Biden rule, which bars confirmation of Su-preme Court Justices during a Presi-dential election year, to make this ar-gument. Of course, this was a ludicrous position, unsupported by precedent and widely rejected by objective observers and even fact checkers. The minority leader and his allies abandoned that argument, but they didn’t abandon their goal, which is to stall Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation until after the midterm elections and hope that the other party will take control of the Senate. That is why the minority leader refocused his tactics and manufactured a very phony con-troversy regarding Judge Kavanaugh’s White House documents. How do we know it is phony? On the one hand, the minority leader has pub-licly stated that he would oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination with every-thing he has. On the other hand, he is insisting that the Senate needs mil-lions more pages of documents on top of what we already have in order to make an informed decision. Indeed, the Senate Democrats de-manded the search of every page of every email and every other record from every one of the hundreds of White House staffers who came and went during every one of the 8 years of the Bush administration just because the name ‘‘Kavanaugh’’ could have been in those emails. In other words, the Senate Democrats demanded the search of every scrap of White House paper for the entire Bush Presidency. As I stated repeatedly, I am not going to put the American taxpayers on the hook for the Senate Democrats’ fishing expedition. How much more in-formation do the minority leader and his outside dark money allies need if they have already made up their deci-sion to vote no on Judge Kavanaugh? When they are in that position, they don’t care about Judge Kavanaugh’s record because they know what their vote is going to be. How much more do they need to know to vote no? They simply want to bury us in a mountain of paper so there is no chance that we can hold a confirmation vote on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination any time this year. There is already a mountain of paper for our committee members to go through and their staffs. The Democrats want to make it be Mount Everest. Let’s not forget that Judge Kavanaugh has a 12-year judicial track record from his time on the DC Circuit. During that time, he authored more than 300 opinions and joined in hun-dreds more. These opinions provide the most relevant information for assess-ing Judge Kavanaugh’s legal thinking and whether or not he ought to be ap-proved to be on the Supreme Court. I go back to something my colleagues on the other side of the aisle said back in 2009. My Democratic colleagues were making this very same argument with respect to Justice Sotomayor. Of course, they are flip-flopping now. The current minority leader said in 2009 that ‘‘everybody knows’’ a judge’s record on the bench ‘‘is the best way to evaluate a nominee.’’ He said to Jus-tice Sotomayor: ‘‘I want to turn to your record on the bench, which I be-lieve is the very best way to get a sense of what your record will be on the bench in the future.’’ Then Chairman L
EAHY said: 
We have Judge Sotomayor’s record from the Federal bench. That is a public record that we had even before she was designated by the President. Judge Sotomayor’s main-stream record of judicial restraint and mod-esty is the best indication of her judicial phi-losophy. We do not have to imagine what kind of a judge she will be because we see what kind of a judge she has been. 
Well, Senator S CHUMER , the same logic applies to Judge Kavanaugh’s long judicial track record of 12 years. Despite this record being more than sufficient to assess how Judge Kavanaugh approaches legal issues, I requested hundreds of thousands of ad-ditional pages from his time as a gov-ernment lawyer, in the interest of full transparency. But even the most transparent con-firmation process in history is not enough for those who decided to oppose Judge Kavanaugh before they even saw his record. The document requests for Justice Kagan’s confirmation provide strong support for how the Judiciary Com-mittee is proceeding now. Then, the Senate requested Justice Kagan’s White House records, but not internal documents from the Solicitor General’s Office. We refrained out of respect for the sensitivity of internal delibera-tions in the Solicitor General’s Office. We did so even though these documents would have been extremely helpful to our assessment of Justice Kagan’s views on the law given that she lacked any judicial experience or record. Jus-tice Kagan herself testified that Sen-ators should look at her time as Solic-itor General in order to evaluate her, but we didn’t ask for those records. This precedent supports my decision not to ask for documents from Judge Kavanaugh’s time as White House Staff Secretary. If internal Solicitor General documents were too sensitive to produce, then, of course, documents from Judge Kavanaugh’s time as Staff Secretary at the White House are as sensitive as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5608 August 15, 2018 
The Staff Secretary serves as the in- box and out-box for the President of the United States. These documents in-clude some of the most sensitive docu-ments in all of our government, impli-cating our national security and the President’s other core duties. These documents are at the heart of what the Constitution recognizes as executive privilege. In addition to being the most sensitive documents, they are the least probative of Judge Kavanaugh’s legal thinking. The Staff Secretary’s pri-mary role is to make sure that the President sees advice from a range of policy advisers across the entire execu-tive branch and that he not provide his own policy or legal advice as Staff Sec-retary. To recap, Judge Kavanaugh wrote more than 300 judicial opinions and joined in hundreds more in his 12 years on the bench. Justice Kagan, by con-trast, had written or had joined zero judicial opinions before her nomina-tion. Despite having less of a need for Judge Kavanaugh’s executive branch records—in light of his substantial ju-dicial record—the Senate has already received more such documents than it had for Justice Kagan or for any other nominee, and we will still receive many more. In fact, for Judge Kavanaugh, we could receive up to 1 million pages, which is more than for the five prior Supreme Court nominees combined. Democratic leaders have also tried to argue that Judge Kavanaugh’s White House records are being cherry-picked by a lawyer by the name of Bill Burck, whom they label as a partisan lawyer. I guess they have forgotten how the Senate received documents for the last three Supreme Court nominees. Other-wise, they wouldn’t have made this silly argument. The Senate received documents for Justice Sotomayor’s confirmation after they were reviewed by Leslie Kiernan. She represented Obama campaign manager David Plouffe and former Representative Charlie Rangel, and she eventually be-came Deputy White House Counsel in the Obama administration. As the Wall Street Journal pointed out in an editorial yesterday, the Sen-ate received documents for Justice Kagan after they were reviewed by Bruce Lindsey. Mr. Lindsey overlapped with Justice Kagan in the White House, which was a Democratic White House. He also served as President Clinton’s national campaign director in 1992, as President Clinton’s hyperpartisan senior lawyer and a real-ly big fixer in the White House, and as the CEO of the Clinton Foundation for 10 years, including when Justice Kagan was nominated. Now, I would think anybody who raises questions about a lawyer by the name of Burck ought to be really em-barrassed by bringing up that issue when you look at how it was handled with previous nominees to the Supreme Court by people who were partisan. How much more partisan can you get than the people I just mentioned who handled issues of Presidential privilege for Democratic nominees Sotomayor and Kagan? It happens that Bill Burck is Presi-dent Bush’s Presidential Records Act representative, as Mr. Lindsey was for President Clinton. Mr. Burck has held this position not just recently because of this nomination—no—but since the year 2009. He is a partner, it happens, at one of the most liberal law firms in America. Mr. Burck also served as President Bush’s Presidential Records Act representative during the Gorsuch nomination, but I didn’t hear any Dem-ocrat objecting to Mr. Burck’s involve-ment in that nomination. They also didn’t object to Ms. Kiernan’s or Mr. Lindsey’s involvement during the Sotomayor and Kagan nominations. Their objection to Mr. Burck’s role now is another opportunistic attempt to discredit the process and to avoid talking about Judge Kavanaugh’s qualifications. I would like to correct one additional misconception before I yield the floor. As has been claimed by some people, the National Archives is not being cut out of this process. Under the Presi-dential Records Act, President Bush has the right to request his own admin-istration’s documents. He can choose to make a document public or claim that it is protected under executive privilege. This is precisely what he is doing now. President Bush is providing a very valuable public service to the American people at what is a very con-siderable cost but happens to be a non-public expense. He is expediting the re-view process and making sure that the Senate has all of the documents it needs to conduct a timely and efficient confirmation process. President Bush and his legal team should be thanked, not scorned, for providing this tremen-dous service to the American people. I want to tell you how much on top of this former President Bush was. On the day after Kavanaugh’s nomination, he called me and said: I want to do every-thing I can to cooperate so you get all of the records you need to make sure that you give a fair and thorough hear-ing to Kavanaugh. Thanks to these people, we have Judge Kavanaugh’s papers in time to hold a confirmation hearing and to vote this very year just as the Amer-ican people expect us to do. Democratic leaders have played up this phony document controversy to deflect attention from Judge Kavanaugh’s extraordinary qualifica-tions and sterling reputation as a judge of 12 years on the second most impor-tant court in this land. In his 12 years on the bench, the Supreme Court has on 13 occasions adopted legal opinions from Judge Kavanaugh’s opinions. This is an exemplary track record in the Su-preme Court—to have one’s opinions backed up by the Supreme Court not once but 13 times. Judge Kavanaugh is dedicated to ju-dicial independence. He is not afraid to tell another branch of government when that branch has exceeded its law-ful authority. At the same time, he has great respect for the separation of pow-ers, and he will interpret the law as it is written by the people’s representa-tives in Congress, instead of trying to be a superlegislator. As I am, I hope all of my colleagues are looking forward to hearing from Judge Kavanaugh when he will appear before the Judici-ary Committee on September 4. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following the disposition of the Richardson nomina-tion, the Senate proceed to legislative session and the consideration of H.R. 6157; further, that for the purpose of rule XVI, in relation to substitute amendment No. 3695, the text of H.R. 6157 serve as the basis for defense of germaneness for division A of the amendment and the text of H.R. 6470, as reported by the House Appropria-tions Committee, serve as the basis for defense of germaneness for division B of the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I wish to talk for a few minutes about the prin-cipal work that we will be starting this week and, I would hope, be completing next week—certainly completing be-fore we move on to other work. I want to highlight the critical work of the National Defense Appropriations Act and the decision just made by the body that will allow us to go to that bill and to the Labor, Health and Human Serv-ices bill this week. On Monday, the President signed the authorizing bill for fiscal year 2019, the John S. McCain National Defense Au-thorization Act. This bill provides im-portant authorizations for a number of programs. By the way, in its title, it also recognizes the extraordinary cour-age and service of our friend and col-league J
OHNMCCAIN. On more than one occasion, I know Senator M
CCAINhas said that chairing that committee has been the most important public service he has ever been allowed to do. So to have this bill named for him is some-thing that I appreciate and that I know the Presiding Officer does too. I commend my colleagues for the work they have done and for com-pleting that work, the defense author-ization bill, in the fastest time in 20 years. This bill has been signed into law by the President. Now we get to take a step further and do the second thing that Congress is responsible for, not just for authorizing and setting out a blueprint for how we defend the coun-try but for providing the funding with which to do that. Over the years, I have seen that many of our colleagues have forever been prepared to debate with regard to how we need to spend more money on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.022 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5609 August 15, 2018 
defense until it comes time to vote on a bill that includes more money for de-fense. This bill does that. Frankly, I think it is the most important of our responsibilities—the defense of the country. The Federal Government’s principal role is only ensured when we provide the money to do that. We need to be sure that we provide for those who serve in uniform—those who serve us—and for what they need to carry out their missions. I believe the bill we will debate in the later part of this week and all of next week—and as long as it takes to get it done—does that. As a member of the Appropriations Sub-committee on Defense, I was pleased to vote for this bill. I was pleased to vote for it as a member of the full Appro-priations Committee, and I look for-ward to voting for it as the debate ends. I also look forward to the full de-bate. One of the things we have done this year that has not been done in recent years is to bring these appropriations bills to the floor in a way that not just the two dozen or so Senators who serve on Appropriations get to amend and de-bate and argue in public about what should be in the bill but to do this in a way that every Senator can come to the floor and offer an amendment and that every Senator can debate that amendment if it is germane to the bill and if it meets the standards of the bill. Everybody who is willing to find the money somewhere in that bill to pay for what one would rather do rath-er than what the bill does gets a chance to do that, and that is a good process. This defense funding bill provides a $20 billion increase for defense, and it supports the largest pay increase in over a decade for those who serve and defend us. This bill prioritizes re-sources for equipment and training to ensure that our troops have every pos-sible advantage on the battlefield. I have said before on this floor and at this podium that we never want our troops to be involved in a fair fight. We want them to be involved in a fight where they have every possible advan-tage over their adversary, and this bill takes steps to do that. Missouri has a number of military in-stallations. Those installations and people who work at those installations, civilian and military, really provide a great part of our Nation’s defense— Whiteman Air Force Base, Rosecrans Air National Guard facility, Fort Leon-ard Wood, Missouri National Guard units, the AVCRAD—the repair center in Springfield, MO, my hometown. Peo-ple who work there have a big stake in our country, and we have a big stake in them, as we do in bases all over the United States. The chairman, Senator S
HELBY , and Senator D
URBIN , the ranking member of the Defense Subcommittee, have crafted a bill that really makes crucial investments across the board, from Army end-strength increases to impor-tant investments in the B–2, the A–10, the B–21, the C–130 programs, and oth-ers that are essential to the infrastruc-ture of the military and the very infra-structure itself. The defense facilities and the Army ammunition plants that haven’t been changed very much since World War II have some update poten-tial in this bill. This bill is good news for those who serve at Missouri military bases. It is good news for those who work as civil-ians at those bases. It is also good news for the many Missourians who are part of the defense industry. We have people who work at businesses, large and small, who are contractors and sub-contractors to those contractors, fa-cilities I have visited in our State where the initial facility was a con-verted dairy barn but then added on as they got better and better and got more subcontracts. Those people are all part of this system. This bill includes multiyear procure-ment authority for the F/A–18 Super Hornets. These are manufactured in St. Louis. Year after year, the Navy has had the Super Hornets included at the top of the unfunded requirement list, I assume hoping that we in Congress would first look at that list once we de-cide what else we could do. On the com-mittee, this is something that Senator DURBIN from Illinois, who is right across the river from the Boeing facil-ity, and I have worked on to ensure that this unfunded request was usually met. Because the Navy has asked for it as part of their long-term structure, what this bill does, for the first time in some time, is make multiyear commit-ments to this plane, which is an impor-tant part of many flying packages that we have. Additionally, the bill provides re-search funding that is badly needed to counter threats from China and Rus-sia—huge investments on their part, using at least some of the things they have taken from us. They have taken intellectual property we have designed in our aircraft and other things, and then they have taken their money to see how far they can get ahead of us, using our technology, in some cases, as the foundation for what they are try-ing to do and making major efforts to try to get ahead of us in things like hypersonics, directed energy, artificial intelligence, and cyber infiltration, and cyber warfare. This bill looks at all of those and says that we are not going to let other countries that are adver-saries of ours in the fight for freedom around the world have the advantage. We are going to continue to do every-thing we can to maintain the advan-tage. We have to have technological supe-riority. It has been one of the great things we have been able to do for those willing to serve, but we have to be sure that our servicemembers have the training, the equipment, and the support they need to carry out their mission. That is my top priority. I think it is the top priority of the Fed-eral Government. Over the next few days, we will have a chance to debate that top priority. There are different ways to do this. There is nothing wrong with people having different opinions, particularly if they can get a majority of the Sen-ate to agree with that opinion. I think this is a bill that is going to stand the test of that debate. We will find a few ways to improve it as we move forward. This is a bill in which we dem-onstrate our gratitude to those who serve. We demonstrate our commit-ment to the defense of freedom and de-mocracy, both in the debate and in the bill. If we don’t fund the decisions we have made in the Defense Authoriza-tion Act, we really haven’t made those decisions; we will have talked about what we might like to do rather than what we are determined to do. This De-fense appropriations bill decides what we are determined to do, willing to do and to establish as a priority. I look forward to the entire Senate being able to debate that bill and hope-fully send that bill to a conference with the House and to the President’s desk. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
HONORING JOURNALISTS  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, a free, independent press is vital to our de-mocracy, and it is vital to commu-nities from Kansas to Ohio and across this country. Reporters are not enemies of the peo-ple. They do vital work not just in Washington but around the country. I want to continue my, more or less, weekly honoring of local reporters who are doing their jobs, who understand that a free press is crucial to a free country and a free people. This past week, I have been all over Ohio, from talking about investing in national security jobs in Dayton to meeting with local leaders tackling the opioid epidemic in Findlay, to pro-moting auto jobs in Lima, Toledo, and Cleveland. At every one of these stops, I talk with Ohio reporters who are out there doing their jobs, covering the im-portant stories in their communities. Local journalists do that kind of re-porting in every community in Ohio, in Kansas, and across this country. Earlier this month, the Circleville Herald—a town 25, 30 miles south of Co-lumbus, straight down U.S. 23—ran a story on the upcoming Veterans’ Bene-fits Day in Pickaway County on Au-gust 25, reported by local reporter Heather Barr. The reporter talked with the executive director of the Pickaway County Veterans’ Services Office, who said that veterans don’t realize there is someone in their county to help them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.023 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5610 August 15, 2018 
That is why they set up this event, to show veterans all the services available through the local county Veterans’ Services Office and the Chillicothe Vet-erans’ Administration Medical Center. I would add, Ohio is one of the lucky States in the country. Not nearly every State does this. Every single county has a Veterans’ Service Office whose only function is to serve veterans. Through its work, the Circleville Herald and local reporters like Ms. Barr are informing their community about ways veterans can get assistance with the benefits they have earned—ev-erything from help applying for bene-fits to transportation to the Chil-licothe VA or the Dayton VA or wher-ever, to VA appointments in local com-munity-based outpatient clinics. That is the kind of work Ms. Barr does. That is the kind of work local communities’ journalists do all over this country. This kind of reporting is what journal-ists do every day in my State. So when I hear the President of the United States call journalists enemies of the people, I think of Heather Barr; I think of reporters in Cleveland and Akron and smaller cities like Mansfield and smaller towns yet like Van Wert and Wapakoneta. They serve their readers. They serve their viewers. They serve their communities. They deserve our respect, not the venom of the President of the United States. 
AUTO INDUSTRY  
Mr. President, over the past week, I have traveled my State visiting com-munities that rely on the American auto industry—Ford in Lima, Jeep in Toledo, the Ford engine plant in Cleve-land. This Monday, I will go to Youngs-town, which relies on GM, and Lordstown. I can personally attest to how great these cars are. A number of members of my family, including my wife and me, for years drove a Chevy Cruz made by union workers in Lordstown, near Youngs-town, OH. A couple years ago, my wife and I each bought Jeep Cherokees made by union labor in Toledo. I can speak to how great these cars are be-cause in October of 2016, a young man ran a stop sign—I was in the passenger seat—hit the Jeep right where I sat and knocked this Jeep 30, 40 feet off the road. Neither I nor the gentleman driv-ing, Will Young, were injured because of American-made steel, the American- made Jeep itself made in Toledo, and because of the U.S. Government, with airbags and seatbelts and all the kinds of rules they have set for auto safety. We know American cars, made by American workers with American steel, are the best in the world. Too often, though, American workers and American suppliers aren’t competing on a level playing field. Last fall, in the tax giveaway to corporations, Re-publicans in Congress created—believe it or not, they didn’t close loopholes that encouraged companies to move overseas; they created a big, new incen-tive to send jobs overseas. They allow companies to pay 10.5 percent in taxes on their overseas profits while in the United States they pay a 23-percent corporate tax rate. What it says to a company in Mans-field, OH, or Ravenna, OH, or Zanes-ville, OH, that shuts down and thinks about moving overseas: You have a 21- percent corporate rate if you are in Youngstown, but if you move to Reynosa, Mexico, you have a 10.5-per-cent rate. So what the Republican lead-ership said when they passed this tax bill was—it was like handing out a 50- percent-off coupon to companies that send jobs overseas. Why would we do that? We see the consequences of bad trade policy, bad tax policy at plants across Ohio and in communities in my State. Earlier this summer—pretty unbe-lievable—on the very same day General Motors laid off the entire second shift, more than 1,000 workers—the same day General Motors laid off more than 1,000 workers in Lordstown, OH, a 50-year- old plant there, and it is a historic plant, we got word the same day that GM plans to build its new Chevy Blazer in Mexico. The company is laying off their Ohio plant. They could have re-tooled. They got billions of dollars in tax cuts under the Republican tax bill. They could have used some of that money to retool in Lordstown with a trained workforce. Instead, they are bypassing American workers. They are setting up the plant in Mexico. They are sending more jobs to Mexico. An-nouncements like GM’s are proof we need to do more to keep auto jobs in the United States. Stop rewarding companies that send jobs overseas. A moment ago, I said it is like giving them a 50-percent-off coupon on their tax bills. That is why, this month, I in-troduced legislation to help us level the playing field with foreign competi-tion by making it more affordable to American-made cars and trucks and re-voking—revoking—that special GOP tax cut for auto companies that send jobs overseas. The American Cars, American Jobs Act, two simple parts. First, customers who buy cars made in the United States get $3,500 off. If you by a new car made by American workers with principally American components, you get $3,500 off. The discount would apply to some 100 cars, trucks, and SUVs, in-cluding all passenger vehicles assem-bled in Ohio. Second, companies that cut the num-ber of American jobs they had on the day the GOP tax bill passed and add those jobs overseas lose a tax break they get on some of those overseas profits. It says that when an auto com-pany chooses to send jobs overseas, they lose that 50-percent-off coupon. They pay the full 21 percent. So, again, GM in Lordstown pays a 21-percent corporate tax rate, but thanks to the President and the Repub-lican Congress, if they move to Mexico, they pay a 10.5-percent corporate tax rate. How morally bankrupt is that and how stupid is that economic policy? So 21 percent if they are in the United States, 10.5 percent—half off—if they go to Mexico. I heard from Ohioans this past week about what our legislation would mean to their plant. Mike Copeland, presi-dent of UAW Local 1219 in Lima, said: We need a level playing field to compete with foreign manufacturers. . . . The U.S. auto industry has made a magnificent recov-ery on the backs of hard working people across the country. 
I would count in that list of hard- working people certainly the auto-workers at the assembly plant, cer-tainly the workers—union and non-union—in the supply chain for that plant but also American taxpayers who helped to bail out the auto industry. We all got our money back as tax-payers from the auto industry, but, nonetheless, they helped in a big way. He goes on to say: 
We are in the fight of our lives for every job, every day; the American Cars, American Jobs Act will help us fight for those jobs. 
Jeep worker Mario Duran, in Toledo, said: 
It’s important to my family, it’s important to the whole community here that we keep selling our American-made product. If we don’t have people buying our cars, we lose jobs. 
It is not just workers. I heard from mayors and chambers of commerce that back this bill. The mayor of Lima, Mayor Berger, came to the union hall in Lima, joining the president of the chamber of commerce, and spoke up for this bill. Jed Metzger, the president of the Lima Chamber of Commerce, told me our bill ‘‘would make our American companies more competitive with for-eign auto workers and make it more costly for companies to choose to off-shore their production overseas.’’ So we are incentivizing people to produce here, and we are penalizing them if they shut down production and move overseas. The Toledo Blade editorial board agrees. They called our bill ‘‘a solid proposal to support the U.S. auto in-dustry.’’ It rewards consumers who support American manufacturing in this country and who believe it is pa-triotic and good public policy. The world was reminded 8 years ago to never bet against the American auto industry and the workers who are the engine behind it. We invested in saving this industry. Yet we continue to have a trade and tax policy that undermines it. In fact, it is worse. It is worse than it was 2 years ago because of this break. Again, if you are in Youngs-town, you pay a 21-percent tax rate; if you move to Mexico, you pay a 10.5-tax rate. That 50-percent-off tax coupon given to companies that go overseas just makes no sense. Let’s come together in this legislation to change that. Let’s level the playing field for American cars and for American workers. I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.025 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5611 August 15, 2018 
Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Cindy Hyde-Smith, David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Mike Rounds, John Boozman, Ron Johnson, John Barrasso, Steve Daines, John Cor-nyn, Johnny Isakson, John Thune, James E. Risch, Richard Burr, Lindsey Graham, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. (Mr. L
ANKFORD assumed the Chair.) The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. SCHUMER. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) are necessarily absent. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 61, nays 28, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 182 Ex.] YEAS—61 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Capito Carper Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Lankford Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—28 
Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Cortez Masto Duckworth Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Klobuchar Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Peters Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warren Wyden NOT VOTING—11 
Alexander Burr Durbin Flake Inhofe Lee McCain Murray Rubio Tillis Toomey 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B AR-
RASSO ). On this vote, the yeas are 61 and the nays are 28. The motion is agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 182 on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be a U.S. circuit judge for the Fourth Circuit. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on the motion to invoke cloture.∑ 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–33, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Latvia for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $200 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, GREGORY M. K AUSNER , (For Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–33 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Latvia (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $85 million. Other $115 million. Total $200 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Four (4) UH–60M Black Hawk Helicopters in standard USG configuration with des-ignated unique equipment and Government Furnished Equipment (GFE). Ten (10) T700–GE–701D Engines (8 installed and 2 spares). Ten (10) Embedded Global Positioning Sys-tems/Inertial Navigation Systems (8 in-stalled and 2 spares). Non-MDE: Also included is one (1) Aviation Mission Planning System, five (5) Talon For-ward Looking Infrared Radar (FLIR) (4 pro-duction and 1 spare), ten (10) AN/ARC–201D/E (8 production and 2 spares), ten (10) AN/ARC– 231 radios (8 production and 2 spares), five (5) AN/APX–123A Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) transponder (4 production and 1 spare), five (5) AN/ARC–220 Radio (4 production and 1 spare), twenty (20) AN/AVS–6 Helmet Mounted Night Vision Devices, aircraft war-ranty, air worthiness support, spare and re-pair parts, support equipment, communica-tion equipment, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, ground support equip-ment, site surveys, tool and test equipment, U.S. Government and contractor technical and logistics support services, and other re-lated elements of logistics and program sup-port. (iv) Military Department: Army (LG–B– UDM). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee. etc.. Paid. Of-fered. or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: August 3, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Latvia—UH–60M Black Hawk Helicopters The Government of Latvia has requested to buy four (4) UH–60M Black Hawk heli-copters in standard USG configuration with designated unique equipment and Govern-ment Furnished Equipment (GFE), ten (10) T700–GE–701D engines (8 installed and 2 spares), ten (10) Embedded Global Posi-tioning Systems/Inertial Navigation Sys-tems (8 installed and 2 spares). Also included is one (1) Aviation Mission Planning System, five (5) Talon Forward Looking Infrared Radar (FLIR) (4 production and 1 spare), ten (10) AN/ARC–201D/E (8 production and 2 spares), ten (10) AN/ARC–231 radios (8 produc-tion and 2 spares), five (5) AN/APX–123A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.026 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5612 August 15, 2018 
Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) trans-ponder (4 production and 1 spare), five (5) AN/ ARC–220 Radio (4 production and 1 spare), twenty (20) AN/AVS–6 Helmet Mounted Night Vision Devices, aircraft warranty, air worthiness support, spare and repair parts, support equipment, communication equip-ment, publications and technical documenta-tion, personnel training and training equip-ment, ground support equipment, site sur-veys, tool and test equipment, U.S. Govern-ment and contractor technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistics and program support. The esti-mated total case value is $200 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the security of a NATO ally. These UH–60 helicopters will allow for interoperability with U.S. and NATO forces in rapid response to a variety of missions, and quick positioning of troops with minimal helicopter assets. The sale of these UH–60 helicopters to Lat-via will significantly increase its capability to provide troop lift, border security, anti- terrorist, medical evacuation, search and rescue, re-supply/external lift, and combat support in all weather. Latvia intends to use these helicopters to modernize its armed forces and expand its existing Army archi-tecture in its efforts to provide multi-mis-sion support in the region. Latvia will have no difficulty absorbing these helicopters into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractors will be Sikorsky Aircraft Company in Stratford, Connecticut; and General Electric Aviation Company (GEAC) in Lynn, Massachusetts. There are no known offset agreements in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale may require the assignment of an additional three U.S. Government and five contractor representatives in country full-time to sup-port the delivery and training for approxi-mately two-to-five years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–33 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The UH–60M aircraft is a medium lift four bladed aircraft which includes two T– 700–GE 701D Engines. The aircraft has four Multifunction Display (MFD), which pro-vides aircraft system, flight, mission, and communication management systems. The instrumentation panel includes four Multi-function Displays (MFDs), two Pilot and Co- Pilot Flight Director Panels, and two Data Concentrator Units (DCUs). The Navigation System will have Embedded GPS/INS (EGIs), and two Advanced Flight Control Computer Systems (AFCC), which provide 4 axis air-craft control. 2. The H764–G EGI provides GPS and INS capabilities to the aircraft. The EGI will in-clude Selective Availability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM) for secure GPS PPS if re-quired. The EGI contains sensitive tech-nology. 3. The AN/ARC–231, Very High Frequency/ Ultra High Frequency (VHF/UHF), Line-of- Sight (LOS) Radio with frequency agile modes, Electronic counter-countermeasures (ECCM), UHF Satellite Communications (SATCOM), Demand Assigned Multiple Ac-cess (DAMA), Integrated Waveform (IW), Air Traffic Control (ATC) channel spacing is op-erator selectable in 5, 8.33, 12.5, and 25kHz steps. The antennas associated with this radio contain sensitive technology. 4. The AN/APX–123A, Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) Transponder, is a space diver-sity transponder and is installed on various military platforms. When installed in con-junction with platform antennas and the Re-mote Control Unit (or other appropriate con-trol unit), the transponder provides identi-fication, altitude, and surveillance reporting in response to interrogations from airborne, ground-based, and/or surface interrogators. This item contains sensitive technology. 5. The AN/ARC–201D/E, Single Channel Ground to Air Radio System (SINCGARS), is a tactical airborne radio subsystem that pro-vides secure, anti-jam voice and data com-munication. The integration of COMSEC and the Data Rate Adapter (DRA) combines three Line Replaceable Units into one and reduces overall weight of the aircraft. 6. The AN/ARN–149, Automatic Direction Finder (ADF) Receiver, is a low frequency radio that provides automatic compass bear-ing on any radio signal within the frequency range of 100 to 2199.5 kHz as well as naviga-tion where a commercial AM broadcast sig-nal is the only available navigation aid. 7. The AN/ARN–153, Tactical Airborne Navigation (TACAN) System, is a full fea-tured navigational system that supports four modes of operation: receive mode; transmit receive mode; air-to-air receive mode; and air-to-air transmit-receive mode. The TACAN provides a minimum 500–watt trans-mit capability with selecting range ratios of 30:1 or 4:1 which is accomplished through the automatic gain control (AGC) enable/disable switch, the 1553 bus, or the RNAV (ARINC) input bus. 8. The AN/ARN–147, Very High Frequency (VHF) Omni Ranging/Instrument Landing System Receiver, that provides internal MIL-STD–1553B capability and is MIL-E–5400 class II qualified. It meets international operability requirements by providing 50– kHz channel spacing for 160–VOR and 40–lo-calizer/glideslope channels. 9. The TALON Forward Looking Infrared Radar (TALON FLIR) is a compact multi- sensor thermal imaging system utilized for personnel recovery. Search and rescue mis-sions are supported with the thermal imag-ing, daylight camera, and laser rangefinder payloads. Includes Joystick Control Unit (JCU). 10. AN/ARC–220, High Frequency (HF) Radio multifunctional, fully Digital Signal Processing (DSP) high frequency radio for rotary wing applications. Provides embedded Automatic Link Establishment (ALE), serial tone data modem, text messaging, GPS posi-tion reporting and anti-jam (ECCM) func-tions is Embedded ECCM and data modem. 11. EBC–406 (Emergency Locator Trans-mitter) is loaded with country unique codes (at delivery in country) that aid in the re-covery of a down aircraft/personnel with a loud beeping tone and flashing LED. The ELT transmits on 406.028 MHz, the civil 121.5 MHz, and the military 243.0 MHz emergency frequencies. 12. AN/AVS–6 (Helmet mounted Night Vi-sion Goggles) is a lightweight, binocular, night vision imaging system developed by the U.S. Army specifically for helicopter fly-ing. The system can be mounted to a variety of aviator helmets, including the SPH–4B, HGU–56P, HGU–55/P, HGU–55/G, HGU–26/P and Alpha. A 25mm eye relief eyepieces eas-ily accommodate eyeglasses. Low-profile battery pack improves aviator head mobility and increases battery life. Other features in-clude flip-up/flop-down capability, simple binocular attachment, individual interpupil-lary adjustment, tilt, vertical and fore-aft adjustments to fit all aviators. 13. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of specific hard-ware, the information could be used to de-velop countermeasures which might reduce weapons system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 14. A determination has been made that Latvia can provide substantially the same degree of protection for sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This proposed sustainment program is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the policy justification. 15. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Lat-via. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–16, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Kuwait for defense articles and services estimated to cost $40.4 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–16 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Kuwait (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $24.1 million. Other $16.3 million. Total $40.4 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): One thousand twenty (1,020) Mk–82 500 lb. bombs One thousand two (1,002) Mk–83 1000 lb. bombs Six hundred (600) Mk–84 2000 lb. bombs Non-MDE: also included in the sale are general purpose bomb components and fuzes, support and test equipment, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, transportation, fa-cilities and construction, U.S. Government and contractor technical and logistics sup-port services, and other related elements of logistic and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (KU– D–AAC). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: KU–P–AAY (Navy/1992)—$22M. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee. etc., Paid. Of-fered. or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: August 2, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Kuwait—Munitions The Government of Kuwait has requested to buy one thousand twenty (1,020) Mk–82 500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.029 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5613 August 15, 2018 
lb. bombs, one thousand two (1,002) Mk–83 1000 lb. bombs and six hundred (600) Mk–84 2000 lb. bombs. Also included in the sale are general purpose bomb components and fuzes, support and test equipment, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, transportation, fa-cilities and construction, U.S. Government and contractor technical and logistics sup-port services, and other related elements of logistic and program support. The estimated cost is $40.4 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a regional partner which is an im-portant force for political stability and eco-nomic progress. The proposed sale will improve Kuwait’s capability to meet current and future threats within the region. Kuwait intends to use these munitions with its current fleet of F/A–18 aircraft. Kuwait will have no dif-ficulty absorbing these munitions and sup-port into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The U.S. Air Force will award contracts when necessary to provide the defense arti-cles ordered if items ordered are not avail-able from U.S. stock or are considered lead- time away. There are no known offset agree-ments proposed in connection with this po-tential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of additional U.S. Government or contractor representatives to Kuwait. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–29, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Mexico for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $41.6 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–29 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Mexico. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $14.0 million. Other $27.6 million. Total $41.6 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Six (6) Evolved Seasparrow Tactical Mis-siles (ESSM). Two (2) Evolved Seasparrow Telemetry Missiles. Non-MDE: Also included are one (1) MK56 VLS launcher (8–cell), eight (8) MK30 can-isters, eight (8) MK783 shipping containers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical docu-mentation, training, USG/Contractor tech-nical and engineering support services, and technical assistance. (iv) Military Department: Navy. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: MX–P–AAG (57mm and 25mm ammuni-tion). MX–P–AAN (Rolling Airframe Missile). MX–P–AAO (Harpoon Block II Missile). MX–P–AAS (MK54 Torpedo). MX–P–SAA (MH–60R Helicopter and sup-port). (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: August 8, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Mexico—Evolved Seasparrow Missiles The Government of Mexico has requested to buy six (6) Evolved Seasparrow tactical missiles (ESSM) and two (2) Evolved Seasparrow telemetry missiles. Also in-cluded are one (1) MK56 VLS launcher (8– cell), eight (8) MK30 canisters, eight (8) MK783 shipping containers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publica-tions and technical documentation, training, USG/Contractor technical and engineering support services, and technical assistance. The total estimated value is $41 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the security of a strategic regional partner. The sale of these shipboard systems to Mexico will sig-nificantly increase and strengthen Mexico’s maritime capabilities. Mexico intends to use these defense articles and services to mod-ernize its armed forces and expand its exist-ing naval and maritime support of national security requirements. Mexico intends to use the weapons systems on its Sigma 10514 Class ship. The systems will provide enhanced capabilities in effec-tive defense of critical sea lanes. The pro-posed sale of these systems and support serv-ices will increase the Mexican Navy’s mari-time partnership potential and align its ca-pabilities with existing regional navies. Mex-ico has not purchased these systems pre-viously. Mexico will have no difficulty inte-grating this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be Raytheon Missile Systems, Tucson, Arizona. There are no known offset agreements in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government and/or contractor rep-resentatives to Mexico. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–29 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The sale of Evolved Seasparrow missiles (ESSM) under this FMS case will result in the transfer of classified missile equipment to Mexico. Both classified and unclassified defense equipment and technical data will be transferred. The missile includes the guid-ance section, warhead section, transition section, propulsion section, control section and Thrust Vector Control (TVC) of which the guidance section and transition section are classified CONFIDENTIAL. Standard missile documentation to be provided under this FMS case will include: a. Parametric documents (CONFIDEN-TIAL) b. Missile Handling/Maintenance Proce-dures (UNCLASSIFIED) c. General Performance Data (CONFIDEN-TIAL) d. Firing Guidance (CONFIDENTIAL) e. Dynamics Information (Confidential) 2. The sale of the Evolved Seasparrow Mis-siles (ESSM) under this FMS case will result in the transfer of sensitive technological in-formation and/or restricted information con-tained in the missile guidance section. Cer-tain operating frequencies and performance characteristics are classified SECRET be-cause it could be used to develop tactics and/ or countermeasures to reduce or defeat the missile effectiveness. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, primarily performance characteristics, engagement al-gorithms, and transmitter specific fre-quencies, the information could be used to develop countermeasures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness. 4. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sen-sitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in fur-therance of the U.S. foreign policy and na-tional security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Mexico. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–27, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of the Netherlands for defense articles and services estimated to cost $169 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–27 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Government of the Netherlands. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $122 million. Other $47 million. Total $169 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): One hundred six (106) MK 54 Lightweight Torpedo Conversion Kits. Non-MDE: Also included are torpedo con-tainers, Recoverable Exercise Torpedoes (REXTORP) with containers; Fleet Exercise Section (FES) and fuel tanks; air launch ac-cessories for rotary wing aircraft; torpedo launcher interface cabinets; ground handling equipment; torpedo spare parts; training; publications; support and test equipment; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.030 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5614 August 15, 2018 
U.S. Government and contractor engineer-ing, technical, and logistics support services; and other related elements of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (NE–P– LHP). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: July 31, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  The Netherlands—MK 54 Lightweight Torpedoes The Netherlands requests to buy one hun-dred six (106) MK 54 conversion kits. Also in-cluded are torpedo containers, Recoverable Exercise Torpedoes (REXTORP) with con-tainers; Fleet Exercise Section (FES) and fuel tanks; air launch accessories for rotary wing aircraft; torpedo launcher interface cabinets; ground handling equipment; tor-pedo spare parts; training; publications; sup-port and test equipment; U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical, and logistics support services; and other related elements of logistics and program support. The estimated program value is $169 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by improving the security of a NATO Ally, which is an important force for political stability and economic progress in Europe. The Royal Netherlands Navy intends to up-grade its current MK 46 torpedoes to the MK 54 with the purchase of these kits. The Neth-erlands will have no difficulty absorbing the MK 54 torpedoes. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be Raytheon Integrated Defense System, Portsmouth, Rhode Island. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Netherlands; however, U.S. Govern-ment Engineering and Technical Services may be required on an interim basis for in-stallations and integration. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–27 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The MK 54 Torpedo is a conventional torpedo that can be launched from surface ships, helicopters, and fixed wing aircraft. The MK 54 is an upgrade to the MK 46 Tor-pedo, which is currently in-service in Nether-lands. The upgrade to the MK 54 entails re-placement of the torpedo’s sonar and guid-ance and control systems with modem tech-nology. The new guidance and control sys-tem uses a mixture of commercial-off-the- shelf and custom-built electronics. The war-head, fuel tank and propulsion system from the MK 46 torpedo are re-used in the MK 54 configuration with minor modifications. There is no sensitive technology in the MK 54 or its support and test equipment. The as-sembled MK 54 torpedo and several of its in-dividual components are classified CON-FIDENTIAL. The MK 54 operational software is classified as SECRET. Netherlands will not be provided with the source code for the MK 54 operational software. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the hardware and software elements, the information could be used to develop countermeasures or equivalent systems which might reduce sys-tem effectiveness or be used in the develop-ment of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 3. A determination has been made that the Government of the Netherlands can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is nec-essary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign pol-icy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Netherlands. f TAX REFORM Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, as you know, late last year, Congress passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As chair-man of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, I sup-ported this legislation because of its potential to spur investment, stimu-late economic growth, and ease the tax burden on millions of small businesses. While our economy continues to grow, small businesses often don’t receive due attention for their accomplish-ments and contributions. Owners and employees of small businesses nation-wide continuously display resilient at-titudes and a tenacious work ethic, proving that the American entrepre-neurial spirit is alive and well. This law gives Americans the tools they need to grow and flourish, and their success stories encouraged me to begin this series of speeches highlighting the ways tax reform benefits small busi-nesses. Today, I am pleased to share the story of Centennial Bolt, INC, located in Denver, CO. Founded in 1979 by Mark Cordova, Centennial Bolt special-izes in manufacturing top-of-the-line fasteners. The Cordova family story serves as an inspirational example for hardworking American families. From humble beginnings, Mark’s father, Moses, worked his way to a managerial position at Triangle Steel, Inc., and started his own business, Cordova Bolt, in San Diego, CA. After graduating from the University of San Diego, Mark moved to Denver and followed in his father’s entrepreneurial footsteps by founding Centennial Bolt. This busi-ness became the premier fastener com-pany in the Rocky Mountain region be-cause of its ability to assist clients with projects of all shapes and sizes. After years of hard work and persever-ance through tough economic times, Mark is now the CEO of both Cordova and Centennial Bolt. Tax reform’s impact on Centennial Bolt and other small businesses nation-wide cannot be overstated. Changes in the tax law offer necessary relief to both Centennial Bolt’s employees and their families. Due to an increase in savings from tax reform, Mark plans to expand his workforce from 50 to 65 em-ployees, while increasing employee sal-aries. This past year, the company sur-prised all 50 of its employees with an unexpected Christmas bonus for their hard work. In order to compete on a larger scale, Mark also plans on rein-vesting the company’s savings from tax reform into an additional facility and existing infrastructure upgrades. Across the country, tax reform con-tinues to provide owners and entre-preneurs with increasing opportunities that help them and their employees to realize their dreams. Mark is optimistic about his com-pany’s future and believes the benefits his company receives from tax reform will give Centennial Bolt a competitive advantage. They are one of the many small businesses nationwide that can now more freely raise salaries, hire new employees, and compete with larg-er businesses in their industries. As tax reform continues to drive our economy forward, I will continue to acknowl-edge its positive impact on small busi-nesses. I am proud to recognize Centen-nial Bolt and all of the small busi-nesses that are thriving as a result of tax reform, and I look forward to watching the continued growth of the American small business community. 
f 
REMEMBERING RONALD V. DELLUMS Ms. HARRIS. Mr. President, our Na-tion mourns the loss of one of Califor-nia’s greatest civil rights leaders, whose nearly three decades in Congress and many more years in public service helped to shape the lives of countless individuals both at home and abroad. Ron Dellums was born the son of a longshoreman and raised in Oakland, CA, a community he would later come to represent both as a Member of Con-gress and as mayor. A 1953 graduate of Oakland Technical High School, Ron enlisted in the Marine Corps in 1954, where he served for 2 years, before graduating from San Francisco State College in 1960 with a degree in psy-chology. Two years later, Ron received a master’s degree in social work from the University of California, Berkeley. Immediately following graduate school, Ron immersed himself in public service, first through a series of social work jobs at the California Department of Mental Hygiene, and, eventually, as an elected member of the Berkeley City Council in 1967. As councilman, Ron became an outspoken advocate for historically underrepresented and un-derserved communities in Berkeley and Oakland, in addition to becoming an anti-war advocate. The convergence of the free speech and anti-war movements in the Bay Area in the 1960s drove Ron to launch a campaign for Congress on a platform for civil and human rights. He was elected to Congress in 1971 as the first African American from northern Cali-fornia. For the next 27 years, Ron 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.027 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5615 August 15, 2018 
waged battle on a number of social issues plaguing distressed commu-nities, including increased funding for education, jobs, housing, healthcare, and combatting infant mortality and lack of access to affordable housing. As the first Black chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, Ron forcefully advocated peace through di-plomacy and disarmament in the midst of debates on the Vietnam war and ex-cessive military spending. Ron also be-came a vocal opponent against LGBTQ discrimination in the military. A co-founder of the Congressional Black Caucus, Ron advocated passionately to end American support for the apartheid regime in South Africa, eventually sponsoring legislation to bring forth economic sanctions and divestment by American companies and U.S. citizens. In 1998, Ron left Congress and re-mained active as a local and national civil rights leader. His departure from public service, however, was short lived, and in 2007, Ron was elected mayor of the city of Oakland in the midst of our Nation’s worst economic recession since the Great Depression. As mayor, Ron secured a record num-ber of Federal grants for the city of Oakland, supporting major infrastruc-ture projects, including port develop-ments at the Oakland Army Base and public transportation wins for Califor-nia’s East Bay. Ron was a dear friend, trailblazer, and champion for civil and human rights, whose service and dedication to the United States will forever be cher-ished and remembered. His legacy will continue to inspire past, present, and future Members of Congress who dare to fight for what is right in the face of political unpopularity and resounding odds. We wish every Californian and those whose lives were touched by Ron peace during this difficult time, especially his wife, Cynthia, and his children, Mi-chael, Pamela, Piper, Brandon, and Erik. 
f 
45TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEXICAN FIESTA Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Mexican Fiesta as it celebrates 45 years of bringing the culture and taste of Mexico to Mil-waukee, WI. Mexican Fiesta offers Wis-consin’s Hispanic community the op-portunity to preserve its cultural iden-tity and celebrate its colorful tradi-tions. I am so pleased to honor this Wisconsin organization and to com-memorate this significant milestone. What began in 1973 as a Mexican Independence Day street festival on Milwaukee’s south side has now be-come one of the region’s largest fes-tivals honoring Hispanic heritage. The festival grew so rapidly that it was moved to the mammoth Henry Maier Festival Park just 4 short years after its founding, where it has been held since 1977. Today, nearly 85,000 people attend this wonderful event every year, which contributes an estimated $8.5 million to Milwaukee’s annual econ-omy. Mexican Fiesta honors Hispanic cul-ture and showcases the beauty of Mexi-co’s rich history, art, music, and food, but it is more than just a cultural cele-bration. The festival also provides an important gateway to a college edu-cation for young Hispanics. Mexican Fiesta has heightened the significance of its celebration by serving as the main fundraiser for the Wisconsin His-panic Scholarship Foundation, Inc., and by highlighting the scholarship re-cipients during the festivities. In addi-tion to its scholarships, the foundation also works to improve the standard of living in the Hispanic community, train its leaders, and preserve and honor Hispanic traditions. The founda-tion has awarded more than $1.3 mil-lion in scholarships and nearly $500,000 in grants to nonprofit organizations since it was founded in 1987. Wisconsin’s Hispanic population in-creased by 95 percent from 2000 to 2015, growing to nearly 7 percent of the State’s population. This was the most rapid rise among any major ethnic group in the State. While many His-panic Wisconsinites reside in the southeastern corner of the State, it is important that we embrace Hispanic culture throughout the great State of Wisconsin. Mexican Fiesta serves as an important reminder of the social and economic benefits of a diverse commu-nity in Wisconsin and throughout our Nation. We in Wisconsin owe a debt of grati-tude to the organizers of Mexican Fi-esta for sharing the vibrant traditions and respected values of their Hispanic heritage. That they take this time- honored celebration one step further by investing in the future success of the next generation makes this festival all the more meaningful. I am honored to recognize the 45th anniversary of Mexi-can Fiesta and look forward to many more successful fiestas in the years to come. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING ELZA R. TUCKER ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Elza Tucker, a World War II veteran who dedicated his life to serving his community and country. Elza Richard Tucker was born July 13, 1918. Born and raised in the Lowell, AR, area, Tucker was passionate about his community and demonstrated that through his decades of selfless service. He enlisted in the Army in 1941, where he served with the 2nd Armored Division, ‘‘Hell on Wheels,’’ under the command of General George S. Patton. He first set foot in France on Omaha Beach in Normandy 3 days after the initial D-day landing. He recalled his first days in combat with local media in 2016 when he was presented the French Legion of Honor, France’s highest honor for military service. ‘‘The Germans were coming from the back of me and I could see them and I set a big barn on fire so I could see them as they came through,’’ he said. He shared how he used a ma-chine gun to defend his fellow soldiers in that same battle. Tucker also saw combat in Africa, the invasion of Sicily, and the Rhine-land campaign. For his service, he was awarded the Bronze Star, Good Con-duct Medal, Presidential Unit Emblem, Croix de Guerre, American Defense Service Medal, European-African-Mid-dle Eastern Campaign Medal, and WWII Victory Medal. His commitment to service continued long after he left military life. He poured his heart and devotion into his faith and his beloved town, earning him the affectionate nickname ‘‘Mr. Lowell.’’ Tucker served faithfully at his church, First Baptist Church of Lowell, as both a deacon and Sunday school teacher. His resume includes elected offices on the Benton County Quorum Court and the city council, as well as civil roles as a rural route mail carrier and post master of Lowell. He also volunteered with the Lowell Fire Department and was a member of the Lowell Planning Commission. In order to preserve the history of the commu-nity he so dearly loved and served, he established the Lowell Historical Mu-seum. The community grew to know and love Tucker, honoring him in 2004 when Elza R. Tucker Elementary and Middle School opened in nearby Rogers. Tucker never let old-age slow him down, either. He was a familiar face at the Lowell Historical Museum, where he served as a greeter until June 30, 2017, and he also spent much time at the Lowell branch of Arvest Bank, handing out popcorn to customers. Sadly, Tucker passed away on July 30, 2018, at the age of 100. A member of the ‘‘greatest genera-tion,’’ who spent his life in service to the community, Elza Tucker was a true neighbor, friend, and humani-tarian. I extend my sincere condolences to his family and friends, and I hope that they find comfort in the incredible legacy of he leaves behind.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REVEREND RICHARD PRICE ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate and recognize Rev. Richard Price on 40 years of min-istry in Arkadelphia, AR. This is a tre-mendous milestone, and I join with many others in extending my sincere thanks and appreciation to Reverend Price for his faithful service over so many years. Reverend Price was born in Bar-berton, OH, and also lived in Frank-fort, IN, growing up. He went on to at-tend Apostolic Bible College and, upon graduating, began an evangelistic min-istry where he preached revivals over the course of 5 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.015 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5616 August 15, 2018 
Price—or ‘‘Brother Price’’ as he is af-fectionately known—married Debbie Rutledge of Pine Bluff, AR, and the family moved to Arkadelphia in 1978. He is currently the pastor of the Pente-costal Church of Arkadelphia. The Prices have four children and seven grandchildren. They are loving, devoted parents and grandparents, in addition to being leaders within their congregation and in the Arkadelphia community. I am grateful they have answered the call placed on their lives to serve their friends and neighbors by faithfully preaching, teaching, and shepherding their church for so many years. Again, I would like to say congratu-lations to Reverend Price, his wife, Debbie, and their entire family and congregation on a legacy of ministry, faithfulness, and service that now spans four decades. This truly is a spe-cial milestone that is worth cele-brating and rejoicing over. I wish Reverend Price blessings and success in his ministry and pray he continues to be used to reach people with the message of the Gospel. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LISA MALOFF ∑Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, today I recognize Mrs. Lisa Maloff, of Zephyr, NV, on the grand opening of the Lisa Maloff University Center at Lake Tahoe Community College. On August 16, 2018, members of the Lake Tahoe community will come together for a ribbon-cutting ceremony. The fa-cility will help Californians and Nevad-ans alike achieve their goal of obtain-ing a 4-year college degree. Upon moving to Lake Tahoe in 1958, Lisa hoped to complete a teaching cre-dential and give back to her commu-nity through public service. Unfortu-nately, the closest 4-year institution was the University of Nevada, Reno. The geographic isolation of the Tahoe Basin’s mountainous terrain, some-times unpredictable weather, and trav-el time forced Lisa to defer her dream of teaching and stymied her edu-cational goals. Some of these chal-lenges persist today, especially for the area’s working students with families. Now, with the opening of the Lisa Maloff University Center, through partnership with nearby universities, the dreams of a 4-year college degree will become a reality to scores of stu-dents in the Lake Tahoe Basin. This center is one of many philan-thropic contributions by Mrs. Lisa Maloff and her husband, Robert Maloff, and adds to the lore that has earned her the moniker of Angel of Tahoe. Mrs. Maloff has been a strong sup-porter and advocate for a variety of Lake Tahoe causes, including Barton Memorial Hospital, the Boys and Girls Club of Lake Tahoe, the Tahoe Douglas Fire Protection District, George Whittell High School, and Tahoe Youth & Family Services. Her passion for im-proving services, programs, and the quality of life in the Lake Tahoe com-munity is commendable and serves as a great example to all Nevadans. Today, I celebrate the many con-tributions of Mrs. Lisa Maloff to the Lake Tahoe Basin community and her work to enhance the opportunities for all young Nevadans to succeed and thrive. It is with pride that I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. Lisa Maloff for her generous phi-lanthropy, her commitment to edu-cation, and her efforts to change out-comes for people in the Lake Tahoe Basin.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the Committee on Armed Services. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on August 3, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ESSER ) had signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 770. An act to require the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology to disseminate guidance to help re-duce small business cybersecurity risks, and for other purposes. H.R. 2345. An act to require the Federal Communications Commission to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easy-to- remember dialing code to be used for a na-tional suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system. H.R. 5515. An act to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. H.R. 5554. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize user fee programs relating to new animal drugs and generic new animal drugs. H.R. 6414. An act to amend title 23, United States Code, to extend the deadline for pro-mulgation of regulations under the tribal transportation self-governance program. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bills were signed on August 3, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. C
ORNYN ). ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on August 3, 2018, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: S. 770. An act to require the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology to disseminate guidance to help re-duce small business cybersecurity risks, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6145. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Titanium dioxide; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9980–39) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6146. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Livestock and Poultry Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Referendum Procedures Under the Sorghum Promotion, Research, and Information Order and the Lamb Promotion, Research, and In-formation Order, Removal of Obsolete Ref-erences’’ ((7 CFR Parts 1221 and 1280) (Docket No. AMS–LPS–17–0052)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6147. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Marketing Order Regulating the Handling of Spearmint Oil Produced in the Far West; Salable Quan-tities and Allotment Percentages for the 2018–2019 Marketing Year’’ ((7 CFR Part 985) (Docket No. AMS–SC–17–0073; SC18–985–1 FR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–6148. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Oper-ational Energy Annual Report’’; to the Com-mittees on Appropriations; and Armed Serv-ices. EC–6149. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Joseph E. Tofalo, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6150. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Provision of Early Interven-tion Services to Eligible Infants and Tod-dlers with Disabilities and Their Families, and Special Education Children with Disabil-ities within the Section 6 School Arrange-ments’’ (RIN0790–AJ92) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6151. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15AU6.013 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5617 August 15, 2018 
issuance of an Executive Order to take addi-tional steps with respect to the national emergency originally declared on March 15, 1995 in Executive Order 12957 with respect to Iran; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6152. A communication from the Sec-retary, Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to Forms and Schedules to Remove Provision of Certain Personally Identifiable Information’’ (RIN3235–AM37) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–6153. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Bylaws; Voluntary Mergers of Federally Insured Credit Unions’’ (RIN3133–AE73) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6154. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Flood Insurance Program: Removal of Monroe County Pilot Inspection Program Regulations’’ ((RIN1660– AA93) (Docket No. FEMA–2018–0027)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6155. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Interstate and Intrastate Natural Gas Pipelines; Rate Changes Relating to Federal Income Tax Rate, American Forest and Paper Associa-tion’’ ((RIN1902–AF50) (Docket No. RM18–11– 000)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6156. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Addition of Subsurface Intrusion Component to the Hazard Ranking System; Corrections’’ ((RIN2050–AG67) (FRL No. 9979– 68–OLEM)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6157. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; In-frastructure State Implementation Plan Re-quirements; Prevention of Significant Dete-rioration Permit Program Revisions’’ (FRL No . 9979–40–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6158. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Vermont; Infra-structure Requirement for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9981–23–Region 1) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6159. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Modi-fication of Greenhouse Gas Language’’ (FRL No. 9981–44–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6160. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Removal of Department of Environ-mental Protection Gasoline Volatility Re-quirements for the Pittsburg-Beaver Valley Area; Withdrawal of Direct Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9981–70–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Au-gust 1, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–6161. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Protection of Stratospheric Ozone; Revision to References for Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Sector To Incorporate Lat-est Edition of Certain Industry, Consensus- based Standards’’ (FRL No. 9981–89–OAR) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6162. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Delaware; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standard; Cor-rection’’ (FRL No. 9981–05–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6163. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; 2011 Base Year for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standard for the Baltimore, Maryland Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9981–96–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6164. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Deletion of the Fron-tier Hard Chrome, Inc. Superfund Site’’ (FRL No. 9980–82–Region 10) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6165. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Removal of Department of Environ-mental Protection Gasoline Volatility Re-quirements for the Pittsburgh-Beaver Valley Area; Withdrawal of Direct Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9981–70–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6166. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Medicare National Coverage Determinations for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6167. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Administration, Cost, and Impact of the Quality Improvement Organi-zation (QIO) Program for Medicare Bene-ficiaries for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6168. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Hospital Inpatient Pro-spective Payment System and Proposed Pol-icy Changes and Fiscal Year 2019 Rates; Pro-posed Quality Reporting Requirements for Specific Providers; Proposed Medicare and Medicaid’’ ((RIN0938–AT27) (CMS–1694-F)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6169. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Prospective Payment System and Consolidated Billing for Skilled Nursing Facilities (SNF) Final Rule for FY 2019, SNF Value-Based Purchasing Program, and SNF Quality Reporting Program’’ ((RIN0938–AT24) (CMS–1696-F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance.; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6170. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; FY 2019 Inpatient Psy-chiatric Facilities Prospective Payment Sys-tem and Quality Reporting Updates for Fis-cal Year Beginning October 1, 2018’’ ((RIN0938–AT32) (CMS–1690-F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6171. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Inpatient Rehabilita-tion Facility Prospective Payment System for Federal Fiscal Year 2019’’ ((RIN0938– AT25) (CMS–1688-F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6172. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; FY 2019 Hospice Wage Index and Payment Rate Update and Hospice Quality Reporting Requirements’’ ((RIN0938– AT26) (CMS–1692-F)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 2, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6173. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Substantiation and Reporting Requirements for Cash and Noncash Charitable Contribution Deduc-tions’’ ((RIN1545–BH62) (TD 9836)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6174. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.005 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5618 August 15, 2018 
Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Time to File Certain Information Returns’’ ((RIN1545–BM49) (TD 9838)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6175. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clarification Con-cerning the Effect of Section 67(g) on Trusts and Estates’’ (Notice 2018–61) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6176. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance on the Contribution Limits Applicable to ABLE Ac-counts under Section 529A’’ (Notice 2018–62) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6177. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘HFA Hardest Hit Fund’’ (Notice 2018–63) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6178. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services for the man-ufacture of significant military equipment abroad to Poland to support the manufac-ture, integration, verification, and repair of the Mobile Communication Node and Mobile Antenna Mast for WISLA Patriot Air De-fense System (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–111); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6179. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license amendment for the export of defense arti-cles, including technical data, and defense services to the UAW to establish a Patriot Weapon System Additional Equipment and Spare Parts Program in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–146); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–6180. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to the UAE and the UK to support the delivery, fielding, integration, inspection, maintenance, test-ing, training, and upgrade to Patriot Air De-fense System Fire Units, equipment, and spares in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–016); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–6181. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, the certification of a proposed li-cense for the manufacture of significant military abroad and the export of defense ar-ticles, including technical data, and defense services to Poland to support the manufac-ture and sustainment of the Patriot M903 Launching Station for the WISLA Patriot Air Defense System in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–110); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–6182. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Re-port of the Attorney General to the Congress of the United States on the Administration of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended, for the six months ending December 31, 2017’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6183. A communication from the Board Members of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s 2018 Annual Report; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6184. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Short-Term, Limited-Duration Insurance’’ ((RIN0938–AT48) (CMS–9924-F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6185. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary, Science and Technology Directorate, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Au-gust 1, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6186. A communication from the Chief of External Affairs and Performance Branch, Office of Government Ethics, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Director, Office of Government Ethics, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 6, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–6187. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Standard for Non- Full-Size Baby Cribs’’ (Docket No. CPSC– 2010–0075) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6188. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Marine Fisheries Service, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF648) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6189. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Rulemaking To Designate Crit-ical Habitat for the Main Hawaiian Islands Insular False Killer Whale Distinct Popu-lation Segment’’ (RIN0648–BC45) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 2896. A bill to require disclosure by lob-byists of convictions for bribery, extortion, embezzlement, illegal kickbacks, tax eva-sion, fraud, conflicts of interest, making false statements, perjury, or money laun-dering (Rept. No. 115–317). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Report to accompany S. 436, A bill to au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior to re-tire coal preference right lease applications for which the Secretary has made an affirm-ative commercial quantities determination, to substitute certain land selections of the Navajo Nation, to designate certain wilder-ness areas, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–318). Report to accompany S. 2102, A bill to clar-ify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–319). Report to accompany H.R. 497, To direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey cer-tain Federal lands in San Bernardino Coun-ty, California, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to accept in return certain non-Federal lands, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–320). Report to accompany H.R. 2768, A bill to designate certain mountain peaks in the State of Colorado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’ (Rept. No. 115–321). By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: H.R. 1222. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes. S. 2465. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell dis-ease prevention and treatment demonstra-tion program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment. S. 3016. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. WARREN: S. 3348. A bill to establish the obligations of certain large business entities in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO: S. 3349. A bill to amend the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to modify provisions relating to the conveyance of certain Federal land in Storey County, Nevada; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.007 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5619 August 15, 2018 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. Res. 606. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the United States condemns all forms of violence against chil-dren globally and recognizes the harmful im-pacts of violence against children; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ), the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) and the Sen-ator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 266, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and coura-geous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 515 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 515, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Labor to maintain a publicly available list of all employers that re-locate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to re-quire disclosure of the physical loca-tion of business agents engaging in cus-tomer service communications, and for other purposes. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 802, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal in honor of Law-rence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recogni-tion of his achievements and contribu-tions to American major league ath-letics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Mis-souri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, col-lectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recogni-tion of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to elimi-nate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to iden-tify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for moth-ers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1251 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. HOEVEN ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cosponsors of S. 1251, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to establish a pilot program for providing portable benefits to eligible workers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1419 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1419, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for determining which States and polit-ical subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1719 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1719, a bill to eliminate duties on imports of recreational performance outerwear, to establish the Sustainable Textile and Apparel Research Fund, and for other purposes. 
S. 1839 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1839, a bill to amend the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 to extend and expand the market access program and the for-eign market development cooperator program. 
S. 2114 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Arkan-sas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2114, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 5307th Composite Unit (Provisional), com-monly known as ‘‘Merrill’s Maraud-ers’’, in recognition of their bravery and outstanding service in the jungles of Burma during World War II. 
S. 2127 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2127, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mari-ners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 2128 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2128, a bill to improve the coordination and use of geospatial data. 
S. 2444 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2444, a bill to provide for enhanced en-ergy grid security. 
S. 2463 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2463, a bill to establish the United States International Development Fi-nance Corporation, and for other pur-poses. S. 2553 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
AN HOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2553, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to prohibit health plans and pharmacy benefit managers from re-stricting pharmacies from informing individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals. 
S. 2554 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2554, a bill to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain infor-mation to enrollees. 
S. 2613 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2613, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to im-prove access to mental health services under the Medicare program. 
S. 2633 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2633, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, with respect to civil forfeitures relating to certain seized animals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2637 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2637, a bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to im-prove the quality, health outcomes, and value of maternity care under the Medicaid and CHIP programs by devel-oping maternity care quality measures and supporting maternity care quality collaboratives. 
S. 2762 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2762, a bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to support opportunities for begin-ning farmers and ranchers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\AUGUST\S15AU8.REC S15AU8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5620 August 15, 2018 
S. 2863 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2863, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint a coin in commemoration of the opening of the National Law Enforcement Mu-seum in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 2884 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2884, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to de-velop a standard letter format to be provided to individuals who are in-debted to the United States by virtue of their participation in benefits pro-grams administered by the Secretary, to provide notice of debt by electronic means to such individuals when so elected, and for other purposes. 
S. 2961 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2961, a bill to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. 
S. 2982 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2982, a bill to make trade ad-justment assistance available to work-ers whose jobs are eliminated through automation, and for other purposes. 
S. 3057 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3057, a bill to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail ship-ments and to require the provision of advance electronic information on international mail shipments of mail. 
S. 3089 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3089, a bill to provide for an increase, effective December 1, 2018, in the rates of compensation for vet-erans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the sur-vivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 3136 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3136, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to the female tele-phone operators of the Army Signal Corps, known as the ‘‘Hello Girls’’. 
S. 3166 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3166, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, col-lectively, to the United States Army Rangers Veterans of World War II in recognition of their extraordinary serv-ice during World War II. S. 3170 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) were added as cosponsors of S. 3170, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting re-quirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual exploitation vis-ual depictions, and for other purposes. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the Na-tional Park Service, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3208 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3208, a bill to provide agencies with dis-cretion in securing information tech-nology and information systems. 
S. 3223 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3223, a bill to amend the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to make supplemental funds available for the management of fish and wildlife species of greatest conservation need, as determined by State fish and wild-life agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 3247 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3247, a bill to improve programs and ac-tivities relating to women’s entrepre-neurship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Devel-opment, and for other purposes. 
S. 3257 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Ne-vada (Mr. H
ELLER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3257, a bill to impose sanctions on foreign persons respon-sible for serious violations of inter-national law regarding the protection of civilians during armed conflict, and for other purposes. 
S. 3269 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3269, a bill to establish the Department of Veterans Affairs Ad-visory Committee on Tribal and Indian Affairs, and for other purposes. S. 3290 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Ala-bama (Mr. J
ONES ) and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3290, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centen-nial of the establishment of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. 
S. 3303 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3303, a bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to make changes with respect to water quality certification, and for other purposes. 
S. 3314 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Illi-nois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3314, a bill to improve Federal data collection by re-quiring the collection of information on sexual orientation and gender iden-tity in the decennial census and the American Community Survey. 
S. 3321 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3321, a bill to award Congressional Gold Medals to Katherine Johnson and Dr. Christine Darden and to posthumously award Congressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson in recogni-tion of their contributions to the suc-cess of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration during the Space Race. 
S. 3330 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3330, a bill to protect the Medicare and Medicaid programs with respect to certain changes in reconciliation legis-lation. 
S. RES. 310 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 310, a resolution recognizing the importance of a continued commit-ment to ending pediatric AIDS world-wide. 
S. RES. 525 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 525, a resolution designating September 2018 as National Democracy Month as a time to reflect on the con-tributions of the system of government of the United States to a more free and stable world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.013 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5621 August 15, 2018 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 606—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE UNITED STATES CONDEMNS ALL FORMS OF VIOLENCE AGAINST CHIL-DREN GLOBALLY AND RECOG-NIZES THE HARMFUL IMPACTS OF VIOLENCE AGAINST CHIL-DREN Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 606 Whereas violence against children can take many forms, including sexual violence, phys-ical violence, emotional violence, abuse, ne-glect, and exploitation; Whereas, each year, more than 1,000,000,000 children worldwide are exposed to violence; Whereas, each year, the global economic impact of physical, psychological, and sexual violence against children can be as high as $7,000,000,000,000, which is 8 percent of global gross domestic product (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘global GDP’’); Whereas the economic costs of— (1) child labor amount to between 2.4 and 6.6 percent of global gross national income annually; and (2) child abuse amount to 4 percent of glob-al GDP annually; Whereas, around the world, nearly 1 in 3 adolescent girls between 15 and 19 years of age, or 84,000,000 girls, have been victims of emotional, physical, or sexual violence, which is often perpetrated by individuals the girls know; Whereas 1 in 3 girls in the developing world is said to be married before reaching 18 years of age and, of those girls, an estimated 1 in 9 is said to be married before reaching 15 years of age; Whereas, according to the United Nations Children’s Fund (commonly known as ‘‘UNICEF’’), if there is no reduction in the practice of child marriage, the global num-ber of women married in childhood will reach 1,200,000,000 by 2050, which will have devastating global consequences; Whereas 246,000,000 boys and girls experi-ence gender-based violence in schools each year; Whereas children with disabilities are 3 to 4 times more likely to experience physical or sexual violence; Whereas 168,000,000 children are involved in child labor and 5,500,000 children are subject to forced labor, including in situations of trafficking; Whereas nearly 
1⁄2of the 65,000,000 individ-uals who, as of the date on which this resolu-tion is adopted, are displaced by conflict and war around the world are children and dis-placement exposes those children to in-creased risk of exploitation, violence, and abuse; Whereas, according to the United Nations, from 2016 to 2017, verified cases of child re-cruitment and participation in armed con-flict— (1) quadrupled in the Central African Re-public; (2) doubled in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; and (3) persisted at alarming levels in Somalia, South Sudan, the Syrian Arab Republic, and Yemen; Whereas unaddressed exposure to violence disrupts the development of critical brain ar-chitecture and other organ structures, leav-ing children at lifelong risk of disease and reduced potential; Whereas studies show toxic stress relating to exposure to violent or dangerous environ-ments becomes damaging to learning, behav-ior, and health across a lifespan; Whereas violence against children can lead to negative health consequences, including injury, noncommunicable and communicable diseases, and poor maternal and child health outcomes; Whereas, according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the United States invests 0.5 percent of offi-cial development assistance in programs that are designed to prevent and address vio-lence against children and youth; Whereas the United States, in coordination with public-private partnerships and other organizations, has endorsed the technical package called ‘‘INSPIRE: Seven Strategies for Ending Violence against Children’’ (re-ferred to in this preamble as ‘‘INSPIRE’’) put forth by the World Health Organization; Whereas INSPIRE contains 7 evidence- based strategies to end violence against chil-dren that include— (1) implementing and enforcing relevant laws; (2) addressing harmful gender and other so-cial norms; (3) creating and sustaining safe commu-nities; (4) supporting parents and caregivers; (5) strengthening economic programs relat-ing to reducing violence against children; (6) improving access to health services, so-cial welfare, and criminal justice support; and (7) ensuring safe school environments that provide gender-equitable education and so-cial-emotional learning and life skills trainings; and Whereas the United States Agency for International Development, the Department of State, the Department of Labor, the De-partment of Homeland Security, and the De-partment of Health and Human Services play a critical role in preventing and responding to violence against children and youth: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that the United States— (1) condemns all forms of violence against children and youth globally, including phys-ical, mental, and sexual violence, neglect, abuse, maltreatment, and exploitation; (2) recognizes— (A) the harmful impact that violence against children and youth has on the healthy development of children; and (B) the harmful economic impact of vio-lence against children and youth; and (3) should— (A) develop and implement a comprehen-sive and coordinated strategy built on evi-dence-based practices, including the tech-nical package called ‘‘INSPIRE: Seven Strat-egies for Ending Violence against Children’’ put forth by the World Health Organization; and (B) adopt common metrics and indicators to monitor progress across Federal agencies to prevent, address, and end violence against children and youth globally. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3691. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3692. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3693. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3694. Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. L EE(for himself, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. F LAKE , and Mr. J OHNSON )) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Mr. McConnell to the bill S. 3128, to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3695. Mr. SHELBY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3696. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 3045, to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish a safe harbor with respect to keep open letters; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. SA 3697. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3698. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3691. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, making appro-priations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. The amount appropriated by title III under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ is hereby increased by $437,261,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for the procurement of a Lit-toral Combat Ship in addition to the two Littoral Combat ships otherwise funded for procurement by that heading. 
SA 3692. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, making appro-priations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) The amount appropriated by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ is hereby increased by $10,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for the Defense Personnel Accounting Agency. (b) The amount appropriated by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ is hereby decreased by $10,000,000, with the amount of the decrease to be applied against amounts otherwise appropriated by that heading for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency and available for security cooperation. 
SA 3693. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\AUGUST\S15AU8.REC S15AU8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5622 August 15, 2018 
her to the bill H.R. 6157, making appro-priations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. Notwithstanding section 7299a of title 10, United States Code, or any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Navy may award a contract for the overhaul, re-pair, or maintenance of a non-combat naval vessel to a firm that is located in a non- coastwide area outside the area of the home-port of the vessel, including a firm located in the Great Lakes or Gulf Coast regions of the United States, if the Secretary determines that such an award will— (1) reduce naval vessel maintenance back-logs; (2) improve fleet readiness; (3) support the operational needs of the Navy; and (4) not unduly impact the quality of life of the crew of the vessel. 
SA 3694. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. L
EE(for himself, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. F LAKE , and Mr. J
OHNSON )) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 3128, to reau-thorize the National Flood Insurance Program; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 1(a), strike ‘‘January 31, 2019’’ and insert ‘‘November 30, 2018’’. In section 1(b), strike ‘‘January 31, 2019’’ and insert ‘‘November 30, 2018’’. After section 1, add the following: 
SEC. 2. ELIMINATION OF COVERAGE FOR HIGH- COST PROPERTIES. 
Section 1305 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4012) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION OF COVERAGE FOR HIGH- 
COST PROPERTIES .—The Administrator may not make available flood insurance under this title for any structure— ‘‘(1) that is built after the date of enact-ment of this subsection; and ‘‘(2) with respect to which the replacement cost is not less than $2,500,000.’’. 
SA 3695. Mr. SHELBY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as ‘‘Department of Defense and Labor, Health and Human Serv-ices, and Education Appropriations Act, 2019’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO ACT. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division of this Act shall be treated as refer-ring only to the provisions of that division. 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES TO REPORT. 
(a) Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in division A shall be treated as a reference to Senate Re-port 115–290. The effect of such Report shall be limited to division A and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, division A. (b) Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in division B shall be treated as a reference to Senate Re-port 115–289. The effect of such Report shall be limited to division B and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, division B. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $43,060,042,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for else-where), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $30,305,481,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $13,799,038,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (includ-ing all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (ex-cept members of reserve components pro-vided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation ca-dets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the De-partment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $30,173,691,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 3038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while un-dergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $4,870,947,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equiv-alent duty, and expenses authorized by sec-tion 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $2,059,521,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on ac-tive duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on ac-tive duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with per-forming duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while under-going reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retire-ment Fund, $787,090,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 8038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while un-dergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $1,871,286,000. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $8,650,645,000. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with per-forming duty specified in section 12310(a) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.018 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5623 August 15, 2018 
title 10, United States Code, or while under-going training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Depart-ment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $3,718,780,000. TITLE II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $40,634,715,000: Provided, That not to exceed $12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential mili-tary purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as author-ized by law, $47,296,183,000: Provided, That not to exceed $15,055,000 can be used for emer-gencies and extraordinary expenses, to be ex-pended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for con-fidential military purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $6,372,000,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $40,775,374,000: Provided, That not to exceed $7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and ex-traordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential mili-tary purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military depart-ments), as authorized by law, $35,662,783,000: Provided, That not more than $7,503,000 may be used for the Combatant Commander Ini-tiative Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to exceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $33,025,000 shall be made available for the Procurement Tech-nical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $2,600,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D): Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further, That $19,160,000, to remain available until ex-pended, is available only for expenses relat-ing to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance ap-propriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and main-tenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $686,744,000, of which $171,686,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be available to provide support and as-sistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security co-operation programs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and com-munications, $2,854,909,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and com-munications, $1,018,006,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and trans-portation; care of the dead; recruiting; pro-curement of services, supplies, and equip-ment; and communications, $271,570,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and mainte-nance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; re-pair of facilities and equipment; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; travel and transpor-tation; care of the dead; recruiting; procure-ment of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,247,534,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY N
ATIONAL GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Army National Guard, in-cluding medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the Na-tional Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of sup-plies and equipment (including aircraft), $7,261,295,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Air National Guard, in-cluding medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; sup-plying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for re-pair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those fur-nished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; trav-el expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while in-specting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bu-reau, $6,433,697,000. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  A
RMED FORCES  For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,662,000, of which not to ex-ceed $5,000 may be used for official represen-tation purposes. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $228,449,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appro-priations to which transferred: Provided fur-ther, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appro-priation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Navy, $329,253,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other ap-propriations made available to the Depart-ment of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided here-in, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5624 August 15, 2018 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Air Force, $365,808,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided else-where in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of Defense, $8,926,000, to remain available until transferred: Pro- vided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, upon determining that such funds are re-quired for environmental restoration, reduc-tion and recycling of hazardous waste, re-moval of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar pur-poses, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of De-fense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That upon a deter-mination that all or part of the funds trans-ferred from this appropriation are not nec-essary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this ap-propriation: Provided further, That the trans-fer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY  U
SEDDEFENSE SITES 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $212,346,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental res-toration, reduction and recycling of haz-ardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the De-partment of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other ap-propriations made available to the Depart-ment of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided here-in, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided elsewhere in this Act. O
VERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , AND C
IVICAID For expenses relating to the Overseas Hu-manitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid pro-grams of the Department of Defense (con-sisting of the programs provided under sec-tions 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $107,663,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020. COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  For assistance, including assistance pro-vided by contract or by grants, under pro-grams and activities of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Pro-gram authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $335,240,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION  W
ORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, $552,000,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That no other amounts may be otherwise credited or trans-ferred to the Fund, or deposited into the Fund, in fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 1705(d) of title 10, United States Code. TITLE III PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of air-craft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,890,658,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $3,160,597,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, includ-ing ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary there-for, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and in-stallation of equipment, appliances, and ma-chine tools in public and private plants; re-serve plant and Government and contractor- owned equipment layaway; and other ex-penses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,515,290,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2021. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $2,283,369,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. OTHER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and non-tracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor ve-hicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $7,709,078,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of air-craft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary there-for, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away, $20,083,169,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, produc-tion, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and re-lated support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construc-tion prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equip-ment layaway, $3,780,572,000, to remain avail-able for obligation until September 30, 2021. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5625 August 15, 2018 
purposes, $970,454,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. S
HIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY For expenses necessary for the construc-tion, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and ar-mament thereof, plant equipment, appli-ances, and machine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted there-on prior to approval of title, as follows: Ohio Replacement Submarine (AP), $3,242,330,000; Carrier Replacement Program (CVN 80), $1,573,181,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $4,373,382,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $2,796,401,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), $449,597,000; DDG–1000 Program, $270,965,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $5,171,827,000; DDG–51 Destroyer (AP), $641,928,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,121,244,000; LPD–17, $500,000,000; Expeditionary Sea Base, $650,000,000; LHA Replacement (AP), $350,000,000; Expeditionary Fast Transport, $225,000,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $977,104,000; TAO Fleet Oiler (AP), $75,046,000; Towing Salvage and Rescue Ship, $80,517,000; LCU 1700, $41,520,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $325,375,000; Service Craft, $97,062,000; LCAC SLEP, $23,321,000; For outfitting, post delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $550,038,000; Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Programs, $207,099,000; and Cable Ship, $250,000,000. In all: $23,992,937,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2023: Pro- vided, That additional obligations may be in-curred after September 30, 2023, for engineer-ing services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be con-structed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this Act for production of the com-mon missile compartment of nuclear-pow-ered vessels may be available for multiyear procurement of critical components to sup-port continuous production of such compart-ments only in accordance with the provi-sions of subsection (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328)). O
THER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For procurement, production, and mod-ernization of support equipment and mate-rials not otherwise provided for, Navy ord-nance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests there-in, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away, $10,393,562,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For expenses necessary for the procure-ment, manufacture, and modification of mis-siles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equip-ment, appliances, and machine tools, and in-stallation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; vehi-cles for the Marine Corps, including the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests there-in, may be acquired, and construction pros-ecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $2,800,997,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2021. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; special-ized equipment; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erec-tion of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to ap-proval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $15,772,473,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and acces-sories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equip-ment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $2,614,954,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. S
PACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modi-fication of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and acces-sories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equip-ment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $2,224,142,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, produc-tion, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facili-ties, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,564,880,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. OTHER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For procurement and modification of equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; lease of passenger motor ve-hicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construc-tion prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $20,839,366,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2021. P
ROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procure-ment, production, and modification of equip-ment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of struc-tures, and acquisition of land for the fore-going purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $6,663,821,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2021. N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  A
CCOUNT  For procurement of rotary-wing aircraft; combat, tactical and support vehicles; other weapons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $900,000,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2021: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense commit-tees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Re-serve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this para-graph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, munitions, or ammunition. D
EFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  For activities by the Department of De-fense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4518, 4531, 4532, and 4533), $38,578,000, to remain available until expended. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5626 August 15, 2018 
and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $10,812,458,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $18,992,064,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph which are available for the V– 22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE  For expenses necessary for basic and ap-plied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, re-habilitation, lease, and operation of facili-ties and equipment, $40,896,667,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $24,049,621,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2020. O
PERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , D
EFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evalua-tion, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, pro-duction decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $381,009,000, to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2020. TITLE V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,641,115,000. TITLE VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $34,135,992,000; of which $31,588,995,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, and of which up to $15,152,801,000 may be avail-able for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $873,160,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2021, shall be for procurement; and of which $1,673,837,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, shall be for research, development, test and eval-uation: Provided, That of the funds provided under this heading for research, develop-ment, test and evaluation, not less than $761,500,000 shall be made available to the United States Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congres-sionally directed medical research programs. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  D
ESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provi-sions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chem-ical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $993,816,000, of which $105,997,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $52,735,000 shall be for the Chemical Stock-pile Emergency Preparedness Program, con-sisting of $21,600,000 for activities on mili-tary installations and $31,135,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, to assist State and local governments; $1,091,000 shall be for procurement, to remain available until September 30, 2021, of which $1,091,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emer-gency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments; and $886,728,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation, of which $880,283,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alter-natives program. D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For drug interdiction and counter-drug ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military per-sonnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and main-tenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $872,525,000, of which $507,171,000 shall be for counter-narcotics support; $117,900,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; $217,178,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug program; and $30,276,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug schools program: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the ap-propriation to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained else-where in this Act. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $329,273,000, of which $325,236,000 shall be for operation and main-tenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and pay-ments may be made on the Inspector Gen-eral’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; of which $60,000, to re-main available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2021, shall be for procurement; and of which $3,977,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for research, de-velopment, test and evaluation. TITLE VII RELATED AGENCIES C
ENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND For payment to the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, $514,000,000. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  A
CCOUNT  For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $529,624,000. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 8001. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for pub-licity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. S
EC. 8002. During the current fiscal year, provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any per-son not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of De-fense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase au-thorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is com-puted under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in ex-cess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own em-ployees, whichever is higher: Provided fur-ther, That this section shall not apply to De-partment of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplo-matic missions whose pay is set by the De-partment of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limita-tions of this provision shall not apply to for-eign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. S
EC. 8003. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 8004. No more than 20 percent of the appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Of-ficers’ Training Corps. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8005. Upon determination by the Sec-retary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, he may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $4,000,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made avail-able in this Act to the Department of De-fense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropriations or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which trans-ferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which origi-nally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other au-thority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be avail-able to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for re-programming of funds, unless for higher pri-ority items, based on unforeseen military re-quirements, than those for which originally 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5627 August 15, 2018 
appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided fur-ther, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2019: Provided further, That trans-fers among military personnel appropria-tions shall not be taken into account for pur-poses of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this sec-tion. S
EC. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of spe-cific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budg-et activities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the ta-bles titled ‘‘Committee Recommended Ad-justments’’ in the explanatory statement re-garding this Act, the obligation and expendi-ture of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those pro-grams, projects, and activities for which the amounts appropriated exceed the amounts requested are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced ta-bles described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That section 8005 shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appropriation accounts. S
EC. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congres-sional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2019: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year en-acted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation both by budget activity and pro-gram, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in sub-section (a) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congres-sional defense committees that such re-programming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Army’’; (2) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Navy’’; (3) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Air Force’’; (4) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Defense- Wide’’; (5) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites’’; and (6) ‘‘Drug Interdiction and Counter-drug Activities, Defense’’. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided further, That transfers may be made between working cap-ital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluc-tuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed trans-fer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appropriated to work-ing capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war re-serve material inventory, unless the Sec-retary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. SEC. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 cal-endar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. S
EC. 8010. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liabil-ity in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the con-gressional defense committees have been no-tified at least 30 days in advance of the pro-posed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quan-tity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s li-ability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear con-tract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifi-cally provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30-day prior notifica-tion to the congressional defense commit-tees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds pro-vided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procure-ment of aircraft, that includes, for any air-craft unit to be procured through the con-tract for which procurement funds are re-quested in that budget request for produc-tion beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor asso-ciated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a fol-low-on contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used for multiyear procurement con-tracts for any or all of the following projects: (1) Standard Missile–3 IB; (2) Standard Missile–6; (3) F/A–18E/F Super Hornet and EA–18G Aircraft variants; (4) E–2D Advanced Hawkeye (AHE) Air-craft; and (5) C–130J, KC–130J, HC–130J; MC–130J, AC– 130J Aircraft: Provided, That the multiyear procurement authority for the E–2D Advanced Hawkeye (AHE) and the F/A–18E/F Super Hornet pro-grams provided for by this section shall be subject to the certification requirement in section 2306b(i) of title 10, United States Code, with the cost analysis in connection with such certification to be current as of the date of such certification and to be sub-mitted to Congress prior to the Secretary ex-ercising the authority in accordance with section 2306b(i)(3) of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That the multiyear procurement authority for the Standard Mis-sile—6 program provided for by this section shall be subject to the certification require-ment in section 2306b(i) of title 10, United States Code, with the cost analysis in con-nection with such certification to be current as of the date of such certification and to be submitted to Congress prior to the Secretary exercising the authority in accordance with section 2306b(i)(3) of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic as-sistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code. Such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assist-ance costs incidental to authorized oper-ations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humani-tarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided further, That upon a de-termination by the Secretary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such fa-cilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian pa-tients from American Samoa, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Mi-cronesia, Palau, and Guam. S
EC. 8012. (a) During the current fiscal year, the civilian personnel of the Depart-ment of Defense may not be managed on the basis of any end-strength, and the manage-ment of such personnel during that fiscal year shall not be subject to any constraint or limitation (known as an end-strength) on the number of such personnel who may be employed on the last day of such fiscal year. (b) The fiscal year 2020 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all jus-tification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2020 Department of Defense budget request shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress as if subsections (a) and (b) of this provision were effective with regard to fiscal year 2020. (c) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to apply to military (civilian) techni-cians. S
EC. 8013. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5628 August 15, 2018 
or indirectly, to influence congressional ac-tion on any legislation or appropriation mat-ters pending before the Congress. S
EC. 8014. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army participating as a full-time student and receiving benefits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Benefits Fund when time spent as a full-time student is credited to-ward completion of a service commitment: Provided, That this section shall not apply to those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Provided fur-ther, That this section applies only to active components of the Army. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8015. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot Mentor-Prote´ge´Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a Mentor-Prote´ge´Program developmental as-sistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the au-thority of this provision or any other trans-fer authority contained in this Act. S
EC. 8016. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be used for the support of any nonappropriated funds activity of the Department of Defense that procures malt beverages and wine with nonappropriated funds for resale (including such alcoholic beverages sold by the drink) on a military installation located in the United States un-less such malt beverages and wine are pro-cured within that State, or in the case of the District of Columbia, within the District of Columbia, in which the military installation is located: Provided, That, in a case in which the military installation is located in more than one State, purchases may be made in any State in which the installation is lo-cated: Provided further, That such local pro-curement requirements for malt beverages and wine shall apply to all alcoholic bev-erages only for military installations in States which are not contiguous with an-other State: Provided further, That alcoholic beverages other than wine and malt bev-erages, in contiguous States and the District of Columbia shall be procured from the most competitive source, price and other factors considered. S
EC. 8017. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to de-militarize or destroy small arms ammuni-tion or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for fur-ther use. S
EC. 8018. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Cap-ital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case- by-case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. S
EC. 8019. Of the funds made available in this Act, up to $15,000,000 may be available for incentive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Provided, That a prime con-tractor or a subcontractor at any tier that makes a subcontract award to any subcon-tractor or supplier as defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an indi-vidual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be considered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and involves the expenditure of funds appropriated by an Act making appro-priations for the Department of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be ap-plicable to any Department of Defense acqui-sition of supplies or services, including any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisition of commercial items produced or manufactured, in whole or in part, by any subcontractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under sec-tion 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. SEC. 8020. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international polit-ical or psychological activities. S
EC. 8021. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided, That, upon receipt, such contribu-tions from the Government of Kuwait shall be credited to the appropriations or fund which incurred such obligations. S
EC. 8022. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $46,100,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corpora-tion, of which— (1) $33,600,000 shall be available from ‘‘Op-eration and Maintenance, Air Force’’ to sup-port Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counter-drug activities, and drug demand reduction activi-ties involving youth programs; (2) $10,800,000 shall be available from ‘‘Air-craft Procurement, Air Force’’; and (3) $1,700,000 shall be available from ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’ for vehicle pro-curement. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counter-drug activi-ties in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. S
EC. 8023. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this Act are available to establish a new Department of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administrated by an orga-nization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation con-sisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. (b) No member of a Board of Directors, Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, ex-cept when acting in a technical advisory ca-pacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided, That a member of any such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the de-partment from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Govern-ment grants, for absorption of contract over-runs, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include employee participation in community service and/or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2019, not more than 6,030 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided, That, of the specific amount referred to pre-viously in this subsection, not more than 1,125 staff years may be funded for the de-fense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the National Intel-ligence Program (NIP) and the Military In-telligence Program (MIP). (e) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2020 budget request, submit a report pre-senting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each de-fense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $179,000,000: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to appropriations for the Na-tional Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Military Intelligence Program (MIP). SEC. 8024. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Government-owned facility or property under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Pro- vided, That these procurement restrictions shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of car-bon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of the military de-partment responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided fur-ther, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. 8025. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Serv-ices Committee of the Senate, the Sub-committee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives. S
EC. 8026. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defense- related articles, through competition be-tween Department of Defense depot mainte-nance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency con-cerned, with power of delegation, shall cer-tify that successful bids include comparable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5629 August 15, 2018 
estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Cir-cular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. S
EC. 8027. (a)(1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a for-eign country which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall re-scind the Secretary’s blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memorandum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursu-ant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain products in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from for-eign entities in fiscal year 2019. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreement Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 8028. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of De-fense Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery Account established by section 2921(c)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act of 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall be available until expended for the payments specified by section 2921(c)(2) of that Act. S
EC. 8029. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Or-egon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall convey, at no cost to the Air Force, military housing units under subsection (a) in accord-ance with the request for such units that are submitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walking Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Or-egon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as deter-mined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of Indian tribes for housing units under sub-section (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Sec-retary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 5131). S
EC. 8030. During the current fiscal year, appropriations which are available to the De-partment of Defense for operation and main-tenance may be used to purchase items hav-ing an investment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. SEC. 8031. Up to $10,518,000 of the funds ap-propriated under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’ may be made available for the Asia Pacific Regional Initiative Pro-gram for the purpose of enabling the Pacific Command to execute Theater Security Co-operation activities such as humanitarian assistance, and payment of incremental and personnel costs of training and exercising with foreign security forces: Provided, That funds made available for this purpose may be used, notwithstanding any other funding au-thorities for humanitarian assistance, secu-rity assistance or combined exercise ex-penses: Provided further, That funds may not be obligated to provide assistance to any for-eign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such type of assistance under any other provision of law. S
EC. 8032. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobacco-related products in mili-tary resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local com-munity: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or to-bacco-related products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. S
EC. 8033. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the pur-pose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to cus-tomers of the Department of Defense Work-ing Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fis-cal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for pro-curement. (b) The fiscal year 2020 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all jus-tification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2020 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and sub-mitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropria-tion contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2020 procure-ment appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. S
EC. 8034. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central In-telligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, ex-cept for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund dur-ing this or any prior or subsequent fiscal year shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any funds appropriated or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and develop-ment acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall re-main available until September 30, 2020. S
EC. 8035. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, not less than $12,000,000 may be made available only for the mitigation of environ-mental impacts, including training and tech-nical assistance to tribes, related adminis-trative support, the gathering of informa-tion, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. SEC. 8036. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with the Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of inten-tionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall deter-mine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the per-son should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or prod-ucts purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of De-fense, in expending the appropriation, pur-chase only American-made equipment and products, provided that American-made equipment and products are cost-competi-tive, quality competitive, and available in a timely fashion. S
EC. 8037. (a) Except as provided in sub-sections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the de-partment who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the lim-itations in subsection (a), on a case-by-case basis, if the Secretary determines, and cer-tifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate that the granting of the waiver will re-duce the personnel requirements or the fi-nancial requirements of the department. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency estab-lished to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency estab-lished to improve the effectiveness and effi-ciencies of biometric activities and to inte-grate common biometric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency es-tablished to administer the Air Force Mor-tuary Affairs Program and Mortuary Oper-ations for the Department of Defense and au-thorized Federal entities. S
EC. 8038. (a) None of the funds appro-priated by this Act shall be available to con-vert to contractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of De-fense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a public-private competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organiza-tion plan developed by such activity or func-tion; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5630 August 15, 2018 
(2) the Competitive Sourcing Official deter-mines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for per-formance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or func-tion by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— (A) 10 percent of the most efficient organi-zation’s personnel-related costs for perform-ance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an ad-vantage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employer-sponsored health insurance plan available to the work-ers who are to be employed in the perform-ance of that activity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer- sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian em-ployees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b)(1) The Department of Defense, without regard to subsection (a) of this section or subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwith-standing any administrative regulation, re-quirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or in-dustrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list es-tablished pursuant to section 2 of the Javits- Wagner-O’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to perform-ance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other severely handicapped individuals in ac-cordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to perform-ance by a qualified firm under at least 51 per-cent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determina-tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15)). (2) This section shall not apply to depot contracts or contracts for depot mainte-nance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or func-tion of the Department of Defense under the authority provided by this section shall be credited toward any competitive or out-sourcing goal, target, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in compliance with, sub-section (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or out-sourcing of commercial activities. 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 8039. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency require-ment pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $16,000,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $12,900,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $7,465,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $32,344,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/ 2019, $179,029,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $15,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $29,600,000; ‘‘Defense Health Program: Procurement’’, 2017/2019, $2,413,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, 2018/2020, $4,939,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, 2018/2020, $149,400,000; ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, 2018/2020, $210,506,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2018/2020, $115,389,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2018/2020, $14,600,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, 2018/2020, $36,600,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/ 2020, $254,166,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $192,300,000; ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $17,100,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $128,500,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Army’’, 2018/2019, $237,384,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Air Force’’, 2018/2019, $505,300,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Defense-Wide’’, 2018/2019, $25,000,000; and ‘‘Defense Health Program: Procurement’’, 2018/2020, $215,000,000. SEC. 8040. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the author-ized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air Na-tional Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any ad-ministratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military tech-nicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. S
EC. 8041. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that pur-pose. S
EC. 8042. Funds appropriated in this Act for operation and maintenance of the Mili-tary Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the Na-tional Guard and Reserve provide intel-ligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Mili-tary Intelligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. S
EC. 8043. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appro-priations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activi-ties may be transferred to any other depart-ment or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. SEC. 8044. Of the amounts appropriated for ‘‘Working Capital Fund, Army’’, $99,000,000 shall be available to maintain competitive rates at the arsenals. S
EC. 8045. In addition to the amounts ap-propriated or otherwise made available else-where in this Act, $20,000,000 is hereby appro-priated to the Department of Defense: Pro- vided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organiza-tions. S
EC. 8046. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense cer-tifies to the congressional defense commit-tees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national se-curity purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. S
EC. 8047. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision in this Act, the Small Business Inno-vation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program set- asides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the ex-tent they contribute to the extramural budg-et. S
EC. 8048. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a con-tractor under a contract with the Depart-ment of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— (1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8049. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which trans-ferred, to be used in support of such per-sonnel in connection with support and serv-ices for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8050. During the current fiscal year, in the case of an appropriation account of the Department of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of sec-tion 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unex-pended balance, an obligation or an adjust-ment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— (1) the obligation would have been properly chargeable (except as to amount) to the ex-pired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that ac-count; (2) the obligation is not otherwise properly chargeable to any current appropriation ac-count of the Department of Defense; and (3) in the case of an expired account, the obligation is not chargeable to a current ap-propriation of the Department of Defense under the provisions of section 1405(b)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, Public Law 101–510, as amended (31 U.S.C. 1551 note): Provided, That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5631 August 15, 2018 
in the case of an expired account, if subse-quent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the account, any charge to a current account under the au-thority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Pro- vided further, That the total amount charged to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. S
EC. 8051. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equip-ment of the National Guard Distance Learn-ing Project by any person or entity on a space-available, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall es-tablish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a case-by-case basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associ-ated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8052. Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-wide’’, $25,000,000 shall be for continued implementation and expansion of the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Coun-sel Program: Provided, That the funds are made available for transfer to the Depart-ment of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force: Provided further, That funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are trans-ferred: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. S
EC. 8053. None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure end-items for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use or in-ventory requirements: Provided, That this re-striction does not apply to end-items used in development, prototyping, and test activi-ties preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, with submission of the department’s fiscal year 2020 budget request, submit a report detailing the use of funds requested in research, development, test and evaluation accounts for end-items used in development, prototyping and test activities preceding and leading to accept-ance for operational use: Provided further, That this restriction does not apply to pro-grams funded within the National Intel-ligence Program: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restric-tion on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. S
EC. 8054. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a case-by-case basis, waive with re-spect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from for-eign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limi-tation with respect to that country would in-validate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate recip-rocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under con-tracts that are entered into before such date if the option prices are adjusted for any rea-son other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). (c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limi-tation regarding construction of public ves-sels, ball and roller bearings, food, and cloth-ing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chapters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8055. Of the amounts appropriated for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, up to $1,000,000 shall be available for transfer to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Serv-ice Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Cen-ter for Public Service Training and Develop-ment Act (2 U.S.C. 1105). S
EC. 8056. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ for any new start advanced concept technology dem-onstration project or joint capability dem-onstration project may only be obligated 45 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national inter-est to do so. S
EC. 8057. The Secretary of Defense shall continue to provide a classified quarterly re-port to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. S
EC. 8058. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a Reserve who is a member of the National Guard serv-ing on full-time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform duties in support of the ground- based elements of the National Ballistic Mis-sile Defense System. S
EC. 8059. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any non-governmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a center- fire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature designation of ‘‘armor pene-trator’’, ‘‘armor piercing (AP)’’, ‘‘armor piercing incendiary (API)’’, or ‘‘armor-pierc-ing incendiary tracer (API–T)’’, except to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a con-tract that requires the entity to dem-onstrate to the satisfaction of the Depart-ment of Defense that armor piercing projec-tiles are either: (1) rendered incapable of reuse by the demilitarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pursuant to a contract with the Department of De-fense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pursuant to a License for Permanent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. S
EC. 8060. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under sec-tion 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of personal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organi-zation specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, so-cial, or fraternal nonprofit organization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, on a case-by- case basis. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8061. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $62,483,700 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the ac-quisition of real property, construction, per-sonal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further, That contracts en-tered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Pro- vided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the max-imum extent consistent with the national se-curity, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 8062. (a) None of the funds appro-priated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— (1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budg-et, including through the creation of a new appropriation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassi-fied P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are appor-tioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are allotted, obligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in section (a) shall be con-strued to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Pro-gram budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is other-wise in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1)–(3). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal re-porting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management proc-esses. Such study shall include a comprehen-sive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed pro-posals defined under subsection (c), the Di-rector of National Intelligence and the Sec-retary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all affected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agencies attesting that the proposed alter-natives will help achieve auditability, im-prove fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifi-cations to the congressional defense and in-telligence committees. S
EC. 8063. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be obligated to modify command and control relation-ships to give Fleet Forces Command oper-ational and administrative control of United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5632 August 15, 2018 
States Navy forces assigned to the Pacific fleet: Provided, That the command and con-trol relationships which existed on October 1, 2004, shall remain in force until a written modification has been proposed to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees: Pro- vided further, That the proposed modification may be implemented 30 days after the notifi-cation unless an objection is received from either the House or Senate Appropriations Committees: Provided further, That any pro-posed modification shall not preclude the ability of the commander of United States Pacific Command to meet operational re-quirements. S
EC. 8064. Any notice that is required to be submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives under section 806(c)(4) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be submitted pursuant to that require-ment concurrently to the Subcommittees on Defense of the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8065. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’, $500,000,000 shall be for the Israeli Coopera-tive Programs: Provided, That of this amount, $70,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter short-range rock-et threats, subject to the U.S.-Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $187,000,000 shall be for the Short Range Bal-listic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, in-cluding cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program, of which $50,000,000 shall be for co-production activities of SRBMD systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for SRBMD, as amended; $80,000,000 shall be for an upper-tier component to the Israeli Mis-sile Defense Architecture, of which $80,000,000 shall be for co-production activi-ties of Arrow 3 Upper Tier systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier, as amend-ed; and $163,000,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including de-velopment of a long range, ground and air-borne, detection suite: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8066. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, $207,099,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases: Pro- vided, That upon enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropriations in the amounts specified: Provided further, That the amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appro-priations to which transferred to: (1) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2011/2019: LHA Replace-ment $25,100,000; (2) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2019: DDG-51 De-stroyer $53,966,000; (3) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2014/2019: Littoral Com-bat Ship $19,498,000; (4) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2019: Littoral Com-bat Ship $83,686,000; (5) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2019: LCAC $9,400,000; and (6) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2016/2019: TAO Fleet Oiler $15,449,000. SEC. 8067. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2019 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. S
EC. 8068. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new pro-gram, project, or activity unless such pro-gram, project, or activity must be under-taken immediately in the interest of na-tional security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. S
EC. 8069. The budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in con-tingency operations for the Military Per-sonnel accounts, the Operation and Mainte-nance accounts, the Procurement accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided, That these documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency oper-ation, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided fur-ther, That these documents shall include es-timated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve component, and estimates of the major weapons systems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further, That these documents shall include budget exhib-its OP–5 and OP–32 (as defined in the Depart-ment of Defense Financial Management Reg-ulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two preceding fiscal years. S
EC. 8070. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile de-fense system. S
EC. 8071. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to por-nography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national defense, including intelligence activities. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8072. The Secretary of Defense may transfer up to $800,000,000 of the amounts ap-propriated or otherwise made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for the rapid acquisition and deployment of sup-plies and associated support pursuant to sec-tion 806 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Pub-lic Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note): Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other authority in this Act: Provided further, That the transfer au-thority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. SEC. 8073. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of na-tional defense requirements during the non- hurricane season. S
EC. 8074. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized foreign intelligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States per-sons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitu-tion as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. S
EC. 8075. (a) None of the funds appro-priated by this Act may be used to transfer research and development, acquisition, or other program authority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. (b) The Army shall retain responsibility for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of un-manned aerial vehicles. S
EC. 8076. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall re-main available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appro-priated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2020. S
EC. 8077. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appro-priations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. S
EC. 8078. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence com-mittees to establish the baseline for applica-tion of reprogramming and transfer authori-ties for fiscal year 2019: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year en-acted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5633 August 15, 2018 
submitted to the congressional intelligence committees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the con-gressional intelligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. S
EC. 8079. None of the funds provided in this Act for the TAO–205 program shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following compo-nents unless those components are manufac-tured in the United States: Auxiliary equip-ment (including pumps) for shipboard serv-ices; propulsion equipment (including en-gines, reduction gears, and propellers); ship-board cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes. S
EC. 8080. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, any transfer of funds, appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act, for support to friendly foreign countries in connection with the conduct of operations in which the United States is not partici-pating, pursuant to section 331(d) of title 10, United States Code, shall be made in accord-ance with sections 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. S
EC. 8081. Any transfer of amounts appro-priated to, credited to, or deposited in the Department of Defense Acquisition Work-force Development Fund in or for fiscal year 2019 to a military department or Defense Agency pursuant to section 1705(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, shall be covered by and subject to sections 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. S
EC. 8082. None of the funds made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assist-ance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Sol-diers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1) may be used to support any military training or operation that in-cludes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under sec-tion 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. S
EC. 8083. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in ac-cordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the Na-tional Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropria-tions, unless the congressional intelligence com-mittees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notifica-tion period may be reduced for urgent na-tional security requirements. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a re-programming or transfer of funds in accord-ance with section 102A(d) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that re-sults in a cumulative increase or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congres-sional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be re-duced for urgent national security require-ments. S
EC. 8084. The Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to Congress each year, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress that year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future-years intelligence pro-gram (including associated annexes) reflect-ing the estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in that budget. Any such future-years intelligence program shall cover the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. SEC. 8085. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence commit-tees’’ means the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8086. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the ap-propriations made in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Navy’’, and ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred by the military department con-cerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8087. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be available for the purpose of making remittances to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8088. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary infor-mation. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 8089. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal con-tract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the contractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provi-sion of an existing agreement with an em-ployee or independent contractor that man-dates that the employee or independent con-tractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention. (b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available by this Act may be ex-pended for any Federal contract unless the contractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor’s or sub-contractor’s agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be en-forced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a particular contractor or subcontractor for the purposes of a particular contract or sub-contract if the Secretary or the Deputy Sec-retary personally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national secu-rity interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term selected, and shall state any alternatives considered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to na-tional security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall trans-mit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this sub-section not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8090. From within the funds appro-priated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $113,000,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84: Provided, That for pur-poses of section 1704(b), the facility oper-ations funded are operations of the inte-grated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and sup-porting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility as described by sec-tion 706 of Public Law 110–417: Provided fur-ther, That additional funds may be trans-ferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Pro-gram to the Joint Department of Defense- Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Fa-cility Demonstration Fund upon written no-tification by the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 8091. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8092. Appropriations available to the Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8093. Upon a determination by the Di-rector of National Intelligence that such ac-tion is necessary and in the national inter-est, the Director may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, trans-fer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5634 August 15, 2018 
made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unfore-seen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are re-quested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2019. S
EC. 8094. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or with-in the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. S
EC. 8095. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprison-ment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this sub-section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 8096. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other for-eign country, or any other foreign entity ex-cept in accordance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). S
EC. 8097. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). S
EC. 8098. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Sec-retary of Defense, or any other official or of-ficer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of under-standing, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any sub-sidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intel-ligence, determines that it is in the vital na-tional security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the con-gressional defense committees that, to the best of the Secretary’s knowledge: (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the trans-fer of lethal military equipment to, and the maintenance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) The armed forces of the Russian Federa-tion have withdrawn from Crimea, other than armed forces present on military bases subject to agreements in force between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of Ukraine; and (3) Agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on which such a waiver is issued by the Sec-retary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. SEC. 8099. The Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the Service Secretaries, shall submit two reports to the congressional de-fense committees, not later than March 1, 2019, and not later than September 1, 2019, detailing the submission of records during the previous 6 months to databases acces-sible to the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System (NICS), including the Interstate Identification Index (III), the Na-tional Crime Information Center (NCIC), and the NICS Index, as required by Public Law 110–180: Provided, That such reports shall pro-vide the number and category of records sub-mitted by month to each such database, by Service or Component: Provided further, That such reports shall identify the number and category of records submitted by month to those databases for which the Identification for Firearm Sales (IFFS) flag or other data-base flags were used to pre-validate the records and indicate that such persons are prohibited from receiving or possessing a firearm: Provided further, That such reports shall describe the steps taken during the pre-vious 6 months, by Service or Component, to ensure complete and accurate submission and appropriate flagging of records of indi-viduals prohibited from gun possession or re-ceipt pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 922(g) or (n) in-cluding applicable records involving pro-ceedings under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. S
EC. 8100. (a) Of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Department of Defense, amounts should be made available, under such regulations as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, to local military commanders appointed by the Secretary, or by an officer or employee designated by the Secretary, to provide at their discretion ex gratia pay-ments in amounts consistent with subsection (d) of this section for damage, personal in-jury, or death that is incident to combat op-erations of the Armed Forces in a foreign country. (b) An ex gratia payment under this sec-tion may be provided only if— (1) the prospective foreign civilian recipi-ent is determined by the local military com-mander to be friendly to the United States; (2) a claim for damages would not be com-pensable under chapter 163 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘For-eign Claims Act’’); and (3) the property damage, personal injury, or death was not caused by action by an enemy. (c) N
ATURE OF PAYMENTS .—Any payments provided under a program under subsection (a) shall not be considered an admission or acknowledgement of any legal obligation to compensate for any damage, personal injury, or death. (d) AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—If the Sec-retary of Defense determines a program under subsection (a) to be appropriate in a particular setting, the amounts of payments, if any, to be provided to civilians determined to have suffered harm incident to combat op-erations of the Armed Forces under the pro-gram should be determined pursuant to regu-lations prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should in-clude such factors as cultural appropriate-ness and prevailing economic conditions. (e) L
EGAL ADVICE .—Local military com-manders shall receive legal advice before making ex gratia payments under this sub-section. The legal advisor, under regulations of the Department of Defense, shall advise on whether an ex gratia payment is proper under this section and applicable Depart-ment of Defense regulations. (f) W
RITTEN RECORD .—A written record of any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense. (g) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. S
EC. 8101. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades or mainte-nance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and non-deployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accord-ance with section 1042 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. S
EC. 8102. Amounts in working capital funds of the Department of Defense estab-lished pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be obligated and ex-pended in fiscal year 2020 for the payment of death gratuities authorized by subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 10, United States Code, that are payable during the period in which the appropriations bill for fiscal year 2020 for the Department has not become law and an Act or joint resolution making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2020 for the De-partment is not in effect (a ‘‘lapse in appro-priations’’): Provided, That, upon enactment of the appropriations Act for fiscal year 2020 for the Department, such obligations and ex-penditures shall be recorded against the ap-propriations made available by such Act for the payment of such death gratuities. S
EC. 8103. The Secretary of each military department, in reducing each research, de-velopment, test and evaluation and procure-ment account of the military department as required under paragraph (1) of section 828(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note), as amended by section 825(a)(3) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018, shall allocate the percentage reduction determined under paragraph (2) of such section 828(d) propor-tionally from all programs, projects, or ac-tivities under such account: Provided, That the authority under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) to transfer amounts available in the Rapid Prototyping Fund shall be subject to section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applica-ble. S
EC. 8104. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Se-curity Agency to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5635 August 15, 2018 
(1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to sec-tion 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or (2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any elec-tronic communication of a United States person from a provider of electronic commu-nication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978. S
EC. 8105. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Fed-eral agency not financed by this Act without the express authorization of Congress: Pro- vided, That this limitation shall not apply to transfers of funds expressly provided for in Defense Appropriations Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supplemental appropriations for the Department of Defense. S
EC. 8106. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated for activities authorized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or ex-pand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals unless the con-gressional defense committees are notified in accordance with the direction contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be used under section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military oper-ation being conducted by United States Spe-cial Operations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may waive the prohibitions in this sec-tion if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by extraordinary cir-cumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the con-gressional defense committees of such waiv-er. S
EC. 8107. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $310,805,000, to remain available until expended, may be used for any purposes re-lated to the National Defense Reserve Fleet established under section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. 4405): Pro- vided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and ex-penses related to the National Defense Re-serve Fleet. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8108. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act, the Secretary of Defense may use up to $52,657,000 under the heading ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, and up to $39,400,000 under the heading ‘‘Re-search, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ to develop, replace, and sus-tain Federal Government security and suit-ability background investigation informa-tion technology systems of the Office of Per-sonnel Management or other Federal agency responsible for conducting such investiga-tions: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer additional amounts into these head-ings or into ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’ using established reprogramming procedures prescribed in the Department of Defense Fi-nancial Management Regulation 7000.14, Vol-ume 3, Chapter 6, dated September 2015: Pro-vided further, That such funds shall supple-ment, not supplant any other amounts made available to other Federal agencies for such purposes. SEC. 8109. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the clo-sure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 8110. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, any transfer of funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act to the Global Engagement Center estab-lished by section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) shall be made in accordance with section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. S
EC. 8111. No amounts credited or other-wise made available in this or any other Act to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund may be trans-ferred to: (1) the Rapid Prototyping Fund established under section 804(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note); or (2) credited to a military-department spe-cific fund established under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (as amended by section 897 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017). S
EC. 8112. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, from funds made available to the Department of Defense in title II of this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’, $15,000,000 shall be available for a project in a country des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense: Pro- vided, That in furtherance of the project, the Department of Defense is authorized to ac-quire services, including services performed pursuant to a grant agreement, from another Federal agency, on an advance of funds or re-imbursable basis: Provided further, That an order for services placed under this section is deemed to be an obligation in the same man-ner that a similar order placed under a con-tract with a private contractor is an obliga-tion. S
EC. 8113. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available to trans-fer, or to facilitate the transfer of, F–35 air-craft to Turkey, including any defense arti-cles or services related to such aircraft, until the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the Government of Turkey is not purchasing the S–400 missile defense system from Russia and will not accept the delivery of such sys-tem. TITLE IX OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Army’’, $2,929,154,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Navy’’, $385,461,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $109,232,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Air Force’’, $964,508,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Army’’, $37,007,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Navy’’, $11,100,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $2,380,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Air Force’’, $21,076,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Army’’, $195,283,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $5,460,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $19,028,500,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $5,572,155,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5636 August 15, 2018 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,475,800,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $10,055,789,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, $8,354,905,000: Provided, That of the funds pro-vided under this heading, not to exceed $900,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, shall be for payments to re-imburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, in-cluding access, provided to United States military and stability operations in Afghani-stan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That such reim-bursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may de-termine, based on documentation deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense to ade-quately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclu-sive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notifi-cation to the appropriate congressional com-mittees: Provided further, That these funds may be used for the purpose of providing spe-cialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a non-reimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and sta-bility operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and 15 days following notification to the ap-propriate congressional committees: Pro- vided further, That these funds may be used in accordance with section 1226 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), upon 15 days prior written notification to the congres-sional defense committees outlining the amounts intended to be provided and the na-ture of the expenses incurred: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $793,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide quarterly re-ports to the congressional defense commit-tees on the use of funds provided in this paragraph: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $41,887,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $25,637,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve’’, $3,345,000: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $60,500,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY N
ATIONAL GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $110,729,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $15,870,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
FGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND For the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, $4,666,815,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense for the purpose of allowing the Com-mander, Combined Security Transition Com-mand—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s des-ignee, to provide assistance, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, to the secu-rity forces of Afghanistan, including the pro-vision of equipment, supplies, services, train-ing, facility and infrastructure repair, ren-ovation, construction, and funding: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may obligate and expend funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title for additional costs associated with existing projects previously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan In-frastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further, That such costs shall be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate adjustments, and other necessary contract actions to complete existing projects, and associated supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction: Provided further, That the Secretary may not use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall notify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the authority to pro-vide assistance under this heading is in addi-tion to any other authority to provide assist-ance to foreign nations: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any person, foreign government, or international organization may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall notify the congres-sional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the spe-cific use of such contributions: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the con-gressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget sub-activity groups in excess of $20,000,000: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was trans-ferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment pro-cured using funds provided under this head-ing in this or prior Acts, and not yet trans-ferred to the security forces of Afghanistan or transferred to the security forces of Af-ghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written no-tification to the congressional defense com-mittees: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and reten-tion of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruitment and training of female security personnel: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. COUNTER -ISIS T RAIN AND EQUIP FUND For the ‘‘Counter-Islamic State of Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Fund’’, $994,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide as-sistance, including training; equipment; lo-gistics support, supplies, and services; sti-pends; infrastructure repair and renovation; and sustainment, to foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals par-ticipating, or preparing to participate in ac-tivities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and their affiliated or associated groups: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be avail-able to provide assistance only for activities in a country designated by the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and following written notification to the congressional defense committees of such designation: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to elements of any forces or individuals, such elements or indi-viduals are appropriately vetted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5637 August 15, 2018 
to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropria-tion account, notify the congressional de-fense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and re-tain contributions, including assistance in- kind, from foreign governments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other entity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary determines that such provision of law would prohibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justifica-tion for such waiver is submitted to the con-gressional defense committees, the Commit-tees on Appropriations and Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Provided further, That the United States may accept equip-ment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, that was transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria and returned by such forces or groups to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the De-partment of Defense upon written notifica-tion to the congressional defense commit-tees: Provided further, That equipment pro-cured using funds provided under this head-ing, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, and not yet transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for transfer to such forces or groups and upon written notification to the congres-sional defense committees: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional de-fense committees on the use of funds pro-vided under this heading, including, but not limited to, the number of individuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment provided to each group or indi-vidual, the area of operations for each group, and the contributions of other countries, groups, or individuals: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, $363,363,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Army’’, $1,740,985,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehi-cles, Army’’, $1,107,183,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Army’’, $299,075,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Army’’, $1,372,487,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, $80,119,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, $14,134,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $223,312,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Navy’’, $181,173,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Marine Corps’’, $58,023,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, $1,007,888,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $493,526,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $1,371,516,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $3,705,044,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2021: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Defense-Wide’’, $557,135,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $325,104,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $167,812,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $287,971,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5638 August 15, 2018 
Wide’’, $394,883,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Working Capital Funds’’, $15,190,000: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $352,068,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Inter-diction and Counter-Drug Activities, De-fense’’, $143,100,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Inspector General’’, $24,692,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE S
EC. 9001. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds made available in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Depart-ment of Defense for fiscal year 2019. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9002. Upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $2,000,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided, That the Sec-retary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the author-ity in this section: Provided further, That the authority provided in this section is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority avail-able to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. S
EC. 9003. Supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construc-tion associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for op-eration and maintenance or the ‘‘Afghani-stan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of over-seas contingency operations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Provided, That, for the purpose of this section, supervision and ad-ministration costs and costs for design dur-ing construction include all in-house Govern-ment costs. SEC. 9004. From funds made available in this title, the Secretary of Defense may pur-chase for use by military and civilian em-ployees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of re-sponsibility: (1) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (2) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger car-rying vehicles. S
EC. 9005. Not to exceed $5,000,000 of the amounts appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to fund the Com-manders’ Emergency Response Program (CERP), for the purpose of enabling military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, small-scale, humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility: Provided, That each project (including any ancillary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not ex-ceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after the end of each 6 months of the fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds during that 6-month period that were made available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year quar-ter, the Army shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees quarterly com-mitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP in Afghanistan: Provided fur-ther, That, not less than 15 days before mak-ing funds available pursuant to the author-ity provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes de-scribed herein for a project with a total an-ticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a written no-tice containing each of the following: (1) The location, nature and purpose of the proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military cam-paign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. (2) The budget, implementation timeline with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. (3) A plan for the sustainment of the pro-posed project, including the agreement with either the host nation, a non-Department of Defense agency of the United States Govern-ment or a third-party contributor to finance the sustainment of the activities and main-tenance of any equipment or facilities to be provided through the proposed project. S
EC. 9006. Funds available to the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to provide supplies, services, transportation, including airlift and sealift, and other logistical support to allied forces participating in a combined op-eration with the armed forces of the United States and coalition forces supporting mili-tary and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided, That the Secretary of De-fense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees regarding support provided under this section. S
EC. 9007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: (1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq. (3) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. SEC. 9008. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Na-tions Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Re-form and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of Public Law 105–277; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Depart-ment of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–148). S
EC. 9009. None of the funds provided for the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the ap-proval of a financial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the Department of Defense: Pro- vided, That the AROC must approve the re-quirement and acquisition plan for any serv-ice requirements in excess of $50,000,000 an-nually and any non-standard equipment re-quirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further, That the Department of Defense must certify to the congressional defense committees that the AROC has con-vened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the preceding proviso and accompanying report language for the ASFF. S
EC. 9010. Funds made available in this title to the Department of Defense for oper-ation and maintenance may be used to pur-chase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided, That, upon determination by the Secretary of De-fense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Com-mander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. S
EC. 9011. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’ for payments under section 1233 of Public Law 110–181 for reim-bursement to the Government of Pakistan may be made available unless the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Government of Pakistan is— (1) cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar e-Tayyiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist or-ganizations, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neigh-boring countries; (2) not supporting terrorist activities against United States or coalition forces in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5639 August 15, 2018 
Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and in-telligence agencies are not intervening extra-judicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; (3) dismantling improvised explosive device (IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; (4) preventing the proliferation of nuclear- related material and expertise; (5) implementing policies to protect judi-cial independence and due process of law; (6) issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors engaged in counterter-rorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and (7) providing humanitarian organizations access to detainees, internally displaced per-sons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. (b) The Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a case-by- case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national security interest to do so: Provided, That if the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, ex-ercises such waiver authority, the Secre-taries shall report to the congressional de-fense committees on both the justification for the waiver and on the requirements of this section that the Government of Paki-stan was not able to meet: Provided further, That such report may be submitted in classi-fied form if necessary. S
EC. 9012. None of the funds in this Act may be made available for the transfer of ad-ditional C–130 cargo aircraft to the Afghani-stan National Security Forces or the Af-ghanistan Air Force until the Department of Defense provides a report to the congres-sional defense committees of the Afghani-stan Air Force’s medium airlift require-ments. The report should identify Afghani-stan’s ability to utilize and maintain exist-ing medium lift aircraft in the inventory and the best alternative platform, if necessary, to provide additional support to the Afghani-stan Air Force’s current medium airlift ca-pacity. 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 9013. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide: Coalition Support Funds’’, 2018/2019, $800,000,000; ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide: DSCA Security Cooperation’’, 2018/2019, $150,000,000; ‘‘Counter-ISIS Train and Equip Fund’’, 2018/2019, $400,000,000; and ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/ 2020, $88,400,000. S
EC. 9014. Funds available for the Afghani-stan Security Forces Fund may be used to provide limited training, equipment, and other assistance that would otherwise be prohibited by 10 U.S.C. 362 to a unit of the se-curity forces of Afghanistan only if the Sec-retary certifies to the congressional defense committees, within 30 days of a decision to provide such assistance, that (1) a denial of such assistance would present significant risk to U.S. or coalition forces or signifi-cantly undermine United States national se-curity objectives in Afghanistan; and (2) the Secretary has sought a commitment by the Government of Afghanistan to take all nec-essary corrective steps: Provided, That such certification shall be accompanied by a re-port describing: (1) the information relating to the gross violation of human rights; (2) the circumstances that necessitated the pro-vision of such assistance; (3) the Afghan se-curity force unit involved; (4) the assistance provided and the assistance withheld; and (5) the corrective steps to be taken by the Gov-ernment of Afghanistan: Provided further, That every 120 days after the initial report an additional report shall be submitted de-tailing the status of any corrective steps taken by the Government of Afghanistan: Provided further, That if the Government of Afghanistan has not initiated necessary cor-rective steps within one year of the certifi-cation, the authority under this section to provide assistance to such unit shall no longer apply: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall submit a report to such commit-tees detailing the final disposition of the case by the Government of Afghanistan. SEC. 9015. Equipment procured using funds provided in prior Acts under the heading ‘‘Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund’’ for the program authorized by section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), and not yet transferred to authorized recipients may be transferred to foreign security forces, ir-regular forces, groups, or individuals, au-thorized to receive assistance using amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Counter-ISIS Train and Equip Fund’’ in this Act: Provided, That such equipment may be transferred 15 days following written notification to the congressional defense committees. S
EC. 9016. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subse-quently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION B—DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF LABOR E
MPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION  
TRAINING AND EMPLOYMENT SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (referred to in this Act as ‘‘WIOA’’), the Second Chance Act of 2007, and the National Apprenticeship Act, $3,501,200,000, plus reimbursements, shall be available. Of the amounts provided: (1) for grants to States for adult employ-ment and training activities, youth activi-ties, and dislocated worker employment and training activities, $2,789,832,000 as follows: (A) $845,556,000 for adult employment and training activities, of which $133,556,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020, and of which $712,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; (B) $903,416,000 for youth activities, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; and (C) $1,040,860,000 for dislocated worker em-ployment and training activities, of which $180,860,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020, and of which $860,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020: Provided, That the funds available for allot-ment to outlying areas to carry out subtitle B of title I of the WIOA shall not be subject to the requirements of section 127(b)(1)(B)(ii) of such Act; and (2) for national programs, $711,368,000 as follows: (A) $220,859,000 for the dislocated workers assistance national reserve, of which $20,859,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through September 30, 2020, and of which $200,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2019 through September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds provided to carry out section 132(a)(2)(A) of the WIOA may be used to provide assistance to a State for statewide or local use in order to address cases where there have been worker disloca-tions across multiple sectors or across mul-tiple local areas and such workers remain dislocated; coordinate the State workforce development plan with emerging economic development needs; and train such eligible dislocated workers: Provided further, That funds provided to carry out sections 168(b) and 169(c) of the WIOA may be used for tech-nical assistance and demonstration projects, respectively, that provide assistance to new entrants in the workforce and incumbent workers: Provided further, That notwith-standing section 168(b) of the WIOA, of the funds provided under this subparagraph, the Secretary of Labor (referred to in this title as ‘‘Secretary’’) may reserve not more than 10 percent of such funds to provide technical assistance and carry out additional activi-ties related to the transition to the WIOA: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this subparagraph, $30,000,000 shall be for training and employment assistance under sections 168(b), 169(c) (notwithstanding the 10 percent limitation in such section) and 170 of the WIOA for workers in the Appa-lachian region, as defined by 40 U.S.C. 14102(a)(1) and workers in the Lower Mis-sissippi, as defined in section 4(2) of the Delta Development Act (Public Law 100–460, 102 Stat. 2246; 7 U.S.C. 2009aa(2)); (B) $54,000,000 for Native American pro-grams under section 166 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; (C) $87,896,000 for migrant and seasonal farmworker programs under section 167 of the WIOA, including $81,447,000 for formula grants (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for employment and training serv-ices), $5,922,000 for migrant and seasonal housing (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for permanent housing), and $527,000 for other discretionary purposes, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law or related regulation, the Department of Labor shall take no action limiting the number or proportion of eligible participants receiving related assistance services or discouraging grantees from providing such services; (D) $89,534,000 for YouthBuild activities as described in section 171 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; (E) $93,079,000 for ex-offender activities, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA and section 212 of the Second Chance Act of 2007, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020: Provided, That of this amount, $25,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to national and regional intermediaries for activities that prepare young ex-offenders and school dropouts for employment, with a priority for projects serving high-crime, high-poverty areas; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5640 August 15, 2018 
(F) $6,000,000 for the Workforce Data Qual-ity Initiative, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; and (G) $160,000,000 to expand opportunities re-lating to apprenticeship programs registered under the National Apprenticeship Act, to be available to the Secretary to carry out ac-tivities through grants, cooperative agree-ments, contracts and other arrangements, with States and other appropriate entities, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020. 
JOB CORPS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  To carry out subtitle C of title I of the WIOA, including Federal administrative ex-penses, the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, the construction, alteration, and repairs of buildings and other facilities, and the purchase of real property for train-ing centers as authorized by the WIOA, $1,718,655,000, plus reimbursements, as fol-lows: (1) $1,603,325,000 for Job Corps Operations, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; (2) $83,000,000 for construction, rehabilita-tion and acquisition of Job Corps Centers, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2022, and which may include the acquisition, maintenance, and repair of major items of equipment: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer up to 15 percent of such funds to meet the oper-ational needs of such centers or to achieve administrative efficiencies: Provided further, That any funds transferred pursuant to the preceding provision shall not be available for obligation after June 30, 2020: Provided fur-ther, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer; and (3) $32,330,000 for necessary expenses of Job Corps, which shall be available for obligation for the period October 1, 2018 through Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That no funds from any other ap-propriation shall be used to provide meal services at or for Job Corps centers. 
COMMUNITY SERVICE EMPLOYMENT FOR OLDER  
AMERICANS  To carry out title V of the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘OAA’’), $400,000,000, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020, and may be recaptured and reobligated in accordance with section 517(c) of the OAA. 
FEDERAL UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS AND  
ALLOWANCES  For payments during fiscal year 2019 of trade adjustment benefit payments and al-lowances under part I of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and section 246 of that Act; and for training, employment and case management services, allowances for job search and relocation, and related State administrative expenses under part II of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and including benefit payments, allowances, training, em-ployment and case management services, and related State administration provided pursuant to section 231(a) of the Trade Ad-justment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 and section 405(a) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, $790,000,000 together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent appropriation for payments for any period subsequent to Sep-tember 15, 2019: Provided, That notwith-standing section 502 of this Act, any part of the appropriation provided under this head-ing may remain available for obligation be-yond the current fiscal year pursuant to the authorities of section 245(c) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2317(c)). STATE UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE AND  
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE OPERATIONS  For authorized administrative expenses, $84,066,000, together with not to exceed $3,254,944,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund (‘‘the Trust Fund’’), of which: (1) $2,515,816,000 from the Trust Fund is for grants to States for the administration of State unemployment insurance laws as au-thorized under title III of the Social Security Act (including not less than $150,000,000 to carry out reemployment services and eligi-bility assessments under section 306 of such Act, any claimants of regular compensation, as defined in such section, including those who are profiled as most likely to exhaust their benefits, may be eligible for such serv-ices and assessments: Provided, That of such amount, $117,000,000 is specified for grants under section 306 of the Social Security Act and is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(E)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $33,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(E)(i)(II) of such Act; and $9,000,000 for continued support of the Unem-ployment Insurance Integrity Center of Ex-cellence), the administration of unemploy-ment insurance for Federal employees and for ex-service members as authorized under 5 U.S.C. 8501–8523, and the administration of trade readjustment allowances, reemploy-ment trade adjustment assistance, and alter-native trade adjustment assistance under the Trade Act of 1974 and under section 231(a) of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 and section 405(a) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, and shall be available for obligation by the States through December 31, 2019, except that funds used for automation shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2019, and for State obligation through Sep-tember 30, 2021, or, if the automation is being carried out through consortia of States, for State obligation through September 30, 2024, and for expenditure through September 30, 2025, and funds for competitive grants award-ed to States for improved operations and to conduct in-person reemployment and eligi-bility assessments and unemployment insur-ance improper payment reviews and provide reemployment services and referrals to training, as appropriate, shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2019, and for obligation by the States through September 30, 2021, and funds for the Unemployment Insurance Integrity Center of Excellence shall be available for obligation by the State through September 30, 2020, and funds used for unemployment insurance workloads experienced through September 30, 2019 shall be available for Federal obliga-tion through December 31, 2019; (2) $12,000,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities necessary to support the administration of the Federal-State unem-ployment insurance system; (3) $645,000,000 from the Trust Fund, to-gether with $21,413,000 from the General Fund of the Treasury, is for grants to States in accordance with section 6 of the Wagner- Peyser Act, and shall be available for Fed-eral obligation for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; (4) $19,818,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities of the Employment Serv-ice, including administration of the work op-portunity tax credit under section 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the provi-sion of technical assistance and staff train-ing under the Wagner-Peyser Act; (5) $62,310,000 from the Trust Fund is for the administration of foreign labor certifi-cations and related activities under the Im-migration and Nationality Act and related laws, of which $48,028,000 shall be available for the Federal administration of such ac-tivities, and $14,282,000 shall be available for grants to States for the administration of such activities; and (6) $62,653,000 from the General Fund is to provide workforce information, national electronic tools, and one-stop system build-ing under the Wagner-Peyser Act and shall be available for Federal obligation for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020: Provided, That to the extent that the Aver-age Weekly Insured Unemployment (‘‘AWIU’’) for fiscal year 2019 is projected by the Department of Labor to exceed 2,030,000, an additional $28,600,000 from the Trust Fund shall be available for obligation for every 100,000 increase in the AWIU level (including a pro rata amount for any increment less than 100,000) to carry out title III of the So-cial Security Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this Act that are allot-ted to a State to carry out activities under title III of the Social Security Act may be used by such State to assist other States in carrying out activities under such title III if the other States include areas that have suf-fered a major disaster declared by the Presi-dent under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States for the use of the National Directory of New Hires under section 453(j)(8) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make pay-ments on behalf of States to the entity oper-ating the State Information Data Exchange System: Provided further, That funds appro-priated in this Act which are used to estab-lish a national one-stop career center sys-tem, or which are used to support the na-tional activities of the Federal-State unem-ployment insurance, employment service, or immigration programs, may be obligated in contracts, grants, or agreements with States and non-State entities: Provided further, That States awarded competitive grants for im-proved operations under title III of the So-cial Security Act, or awarded grants to sup-port the national activities of the Federal- State unemployment insurance system, may award subgrants to other States and non- State entities under such grants, subject to the conditions applicable to the grants: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated under this Act for activities authorized under title III of the Social Security Act and the Wag-ner-Peyser Act may be used by States to fund integrated Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service automation efforts, notwithstanding cost allocation principles prescribed under the final rule entitled ‘‘Uni-form Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Fed-eral Awards’’ at part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided further, That the Secretary, at the request of a State par-ticipating in a consortium with other States, may reallot funds allotted to such State under title III of the Social Security Act to other States participating in the consortium in order to carry out activities that benefit the administration of the unemployment compensation law of the State making the request: Provided further, That the Secretary may collect fees for the costs associated with additional data collection, analyses, and re-porting services relating to the National Ag-ricultural Workers Survey requested by State and local governments, public and pri-vate institutions of higher education, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5641 August 15, 2018 
nonprofit organizations and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a, for the National Agricultural Workers Survey infrastructure, method-ology, and data to meet the information col-lection and reporting needs of such entities, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for such purposes. 
ADVANCES TO THE UNEMPLOYMENT TRUST FUND  
AND OTHER FUNDS  For repayable advances to the Unemploy-ment Trust Fund as authorized by sections 905(d) and 1203 of the Social Security Act, and to the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund as authorized by section 9501(c)(1) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986; and for non-repayable advances to the revolving fund es-tablished by section 901(e) of the Social Se-curity Act, to the Unemployment Trust Fund as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 8509, and to the ‘‘Federal Unemployment Benefits and Allowances’’ account, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obli-gation through September 30, 2020. 
PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION  For expenses of administering employment and training programs, $108,674,000, together with not to exceed $49,982,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Ad-ministration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. E
MPLOYEE BENEFITS SECURITY  A
DMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Employee Benefits Security Administration, $186,500,000, of which up to $3,000,000 shall be made available through September 30, 2020, for the procurement of expert witnesses for enforcement litigation. P
ENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION  
PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION  
FUND  The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (‘‘Corporation’’) is authorized to make such expenditures, including financial assistance authorized by subtitle E of title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, within limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such con-tracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by 31 U.S.C. 9104, as may be necessary in carrying out the program, including associated ad-ministrative expenses, through September 30, 2019, for the Corporation: Provided, That none of the funds available to the Corpora-tion for fiscal year 2019 shall be available for obligations for administrative expenses in excess of $445,363,000: Provided further, That to the extent that the number of new plan participants in plans terminated by the Cor-poration exceeds 100,000 in fiscal year 2019, an amount not to exceed an additional $9,200,000 shall be available through Sep-tember 30, 2020, for obligation for adminis-trative expenses for every 20,000 additional terminated participants: Provided further, That obligations in excess of the amounts provided in this paragraph may be incurred for unforeseen and extraordinary pretermination expenses or extraordinary multiemployer program related expenses after approval by the Office of Management and Budget and notification of the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate. W
AGE AND HOURDIVISION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Wage and Hour Division, including reimbursement to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for inspection services rendered, $229,000,000. OFFICE OF LABOR -MANAGEMENT STANDARDS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Labor-Management Standards, $40,187,000. O
FFICE OF FEDERAL CONTRACT COMPLIANCE  P
ROGRAMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, $103,476,000. O
FFICE OF WORKERS ’ COMPENSATION  P
ROGRAMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, $115,424,000, together with $2,177,000 which may be expended from the Special Fund in accordance with sections 39(c), 44(d), and 44(j) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act. 
SPECIAL BENEFITS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation, bene-fits, and expenses (except administrative ex-penses) accruing during the current or any prior fiscal year authorized by 5 U.S.C. 81; continuation of benefits as provided for under the heading ‘‘Civilian War Benefits’’ in the Federal Security Agency Appropriation Act, 1947; the Employees’ Compensation Commission Appropriation Act, 1944; section 5(f) of the War Claims Act (50 U.S.C. App. 2012); obligations incurred under the War Hazards Compensation Act (42 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 50 percent of the additional com-pensation and benefits required by section 10(h) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act, $230,000,000, together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent year appropria-tion for the payment of compensation and other benefits for any period subsequent to August 15 of the current year, for deposit into and to assume the attributes of the Em-ployees’ Compensation Fund established under 5 U.S.C. 8147(a): Provided, That amounts appropriated may be used under 5 U.S.C. 8104 by the Secretary to reimburse an employer, who is not the employer at the time of injury, for portions of the salary of a re-employed, disabled beneficiary: Provided further, That balances of reimbursements un-obligated on September 30, 2018, shall remain available until expended for the payment of compensation, benefits, and expenses: Pro- vided further, That in addition there shall be transferred to this appropriation from the Postal Service and from any other corpora-tion or instrumentality required under 5 U.S.C. 8147(c) to pay an amount for its fair share of the cost of administration, such sums as the Secretary determines to be the cost of administration for employees of such fair share entities through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That of those funds transferred to this account from the fair share entities to pay the cost of administra-tion of the Federal Employees’ Compensa-tion Act, $74,777,000 shall be made available to the Secretary as follows: (1) For enhancement and maintenance of automated data processing systems oper-ations and telecommunications systems, $24,540,000; (2) For automated workload processing op-erations, including document imaging, cen-tralized mail intake, and medical bill proc-essing, $22,968,000; (3) For periodic roll disability management and medical review, $25,535,000; (4) For program integrity, $1,734,000; and (5) The remaining funds shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That the Secretary may re-quire that any person filing a notice of in-jury or a claim for benefits under 5 U.S.C. 81, or the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Com-pensation Act, provide as part of such notice and claim, such identifying information (in-cluding Social Security account number) as such regulations may prescribe. SPECIAL BENEFITS FOR DISABLED COAL MINERS  For carrying out title IV of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended by Public Law 107–275, $10,319,000, to remain available until expended. For making after July 31 of the current fis-cal year, benefit payments to individuals under title IV of such Act, for costs incurred in the current fiscal year, such amounts as may be necessary. For making benefit payments under title IV for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, $14,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES , ENERGY EMPLOY -
EES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS COMPENSATION  
FUND  For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $59,098,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may require that any person filing a claim for benefits under the Act provide as part of such claim such iden-tifying information (including Social Secu-rity account number) as may be prescribed. 
BLACK LUNG DISABILITY TRUST FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Such sums as may be necessary from the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund (the ‘‘Fund’’), to remain available until expended, for payment of all benefits authorized by sec-tion 9501(d)(1), (2), (6), and (7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and repayment of, and payment of interest on advances, as author-ized by section 9501(d)(4) of that Act. In addi-tion, the following amounts may be expended from the Fund for fiscal year 2019 for ex-penses of operation and administration of the Black Lung Benefits program, as author-ized by section 9501(d)(5): not to exceed $38,246,000 for transfer to the Office of Work-ers’ Compensation Programs, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’; not to exceed $31,994,000 for trans-fer to Departmental Management, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’; not to exceed $330,000 for transfer to Departmental Management, ‘‘Of-fice of Inspector General’’; and not to exceed $356,000 for payments into miscellaneous re-ceipts for the expenses of the Department of the Treasury. O
CCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH  A
DMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Administration, $556,787,000, including not to exceed $102,850,000 which shall be the maximum amount available for grants to States under section 23(g) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (the ‘‘Act’’), which grants shall be no less than 50 percent of the costs of State occupational safety and health pro-grams required to be incurred under plans approved by the Secretary under section 18 of the Act; and, in addition, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration may retain up to $499,000 per fiscal year of training institute course tuition and fees, otherwise authorized by law to be collected, and may utilize such sums for occupational safety and health training and education: Provided, That not- withstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Secretary is authorized, during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, to collect and retain fees for services provided to Nationally Recog-nized Testing Laboratories, and may utilize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5642 August 15, 2018 
such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a, to administer national and international laboratory recognition pro-grams that ensure the safety of equipment and products used by workers in the work-place: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to prescribe, issue, administer, or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act which is applicable to any person who is en-gaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and em-ploys 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That no funds appropriated under this para-graph shall be obligated or expended to ad-minister or enforce any standard, rule, regu-lation, or order under the Act with respect to any employer of 10 or fewer employees who is included within a category having a Days Away, Restricted, or Transferred (‘‘DART’’) occupational injury and illness rate, at the most precise industrial classification code for which such data are published, less than the national average rate as such rates are most recently published by the Secretary, acting through the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics, in accordance with section 24 of the Act, except— (1) to provide, as authorized by the Act, consultation, technical assistance, edu-cational and training services, and to con-duct surveys and studies; (2) to conduct an inspection or investiga-tion in response to an employee complaint, to issue a citation for violations found dur-ing such inspection, and to assess a penalty for violations which are not corrected within a reasonable abatement period and for any willful violations found; (3) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to imminent dangers; (4) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to health hazards; (5) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to a report of an employ-ment accident which is fatal to one or more employees or which results in hospitaliza-tion of two or more employees, and to take any action pursuant to such investigation authorized by the Act; and (6) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to complaints of discrimi-nation against employees for exercising rights under the Act: Provided further, That the foregoing proviso shall not apply to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not main-tain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That $10,537,000 shall be available for Susan Har-wood training grants, of which the Secretary shall reserve not less than $4,500,000 for Susan Harwood Training Capacity Building Developmental grants, as described in Fund-ing Opportunity Number SHTG–GY–16–02 (referenced in the notice of availability of funds published in the Federal Register on May 3, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 30568)) for program activities starting not later than September 30, 2019 and lasting for a period of 12 months: Provided further, That not less than $3,500,000 shall be for Voluntary Protection Programs. M
INESAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Mine Safety and Health Administration, $373,816,000, in-cluding purchase and bestowal of certificates and trophies in connection with mine rescue and first-aid work, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, including up to $2,000,000 for mine rescue and recovery activities and not less than $10,537,000 for State assistance grants: Provided, That amounts available for State assistance grants may be used for the purchase and maintenance of new equipment required by the final rule entitled ‘‘Lowering Miners’ Exposure to Respirable Coal Mine Dust, Including Continuous Personal Dust Monitors’’ published by the Department of Labor in the Federal Register on May 1, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 24813 et seq.), for operators that demonstrate financial need as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That not-withstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, not to exceed $750,000 may be collected by the National Mine Health and Safety Academy for room, board, tuition, and the sale of training mate-rials, otherwise authorized by law to be col-lected, to be available for mine safety and health education and training activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Mine Safety and Health Ad-ministration is authorized to collect and re-tain up to $2,499,000 from fees collected for the approval and certification of equipment, materials, and explosives for use in mines, and may utilize such sums for such activi-ties: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to accept lands, buildings, equip-ment, and other contributions from public and private sources and to prosecute projects in cooperation with other agencies, Federal, State, or private: Provided further, That the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to promote health and safety edu-cation and training in the mining commu-nity through cooperative programs with States, industry, and safety associations: Provided further, That the Secretary is au-thorized to recognize the Joseph A. Holmes Safety Association as a principal safety asso-ciation and, notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, may provide funds and, with or without reimbursement, personnel, including service of Mine Safety and Health Adminis-tration officials as officers in local chapters or in the national organization: Provided fur-ther, That any funds available to the Depart-ment of Labor may be used, with the ap-proval of the Secretary, to provide for the costs of mine rescue and survival operations in the event of a major disaster. BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Bureau of Labor Statistics, including advances or re-imbursements to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for services rendered, $550,000,000, together with not to exceed $65,000,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administra-tion account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. O
FFICE OF DISABILITY EMPLOYMENT POLICY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Disability Employment Policy to provide leadership, develop policy and initiatives, and award grants furthering the objective of eliminating barriers to the training and em-ployment of people with disabilities, $38,203,000. D
EPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for Departmental Management, including the hire of three pas-senger motor vehicles, $337,536,000, together with not to exceed $308,000, which may be ex-pended from the Employment Security Ad-ministration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund: Provided, That $59,825,000 for the Bureau of International Labor Affairs shall be available for obligation through Decem-ber 31, 2019: Provided further, That funds available to the Bureau of International Labor Affairs may be used to administer or operate international labor activities, bilat-eral and multilateral technical assistance, and microfinance programs, by or through contracts, grants, subgrants and other ar-rangements: Provided further, That not more than $53,825,000 shall be for programs to com-bat exploitative child labor internationally and not less than $6,000,000 shall be used to implement model programs that address worker rights issues through technical as-sistance in countries with which the United States has free trade agreements or trade preference programs: Provided further, That $8,040,000 shall be used for program evalua-tion and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2020: Provided further, That funds available for program evaluation may be used to administer grants for the purpose of evaluation: Provided further, That grants made for the purpose of evaluation shall be awarded through fair and open com-petition: Provided further, That funds avail-able for program evaluation may be trans-ferred to any other appropriate account in the Department for such purpose: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in ad-vance of any transfer: Provided further, That the funds available to the Women’s Bureau may be used for grants to serve and promote the interests of women in the workforce: Pro- vided further, That of the amounts made available to the Women’s Bureau, $994,000 shall be used for grants authorized by the Women in Apprenticeship and Nontradi-tional Occupations Act. VETERANS EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING  Not to exceed $250,041,000 may be derived from the Employment Security Administra-tion account in the Unemployment Trust Fund to carry out the provisions of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code, of which: (1) $180,000,000 is for Jobs for Veterans State grants under 38 U.S.C. 4102A(b)(5) to support disabled veterans’ outreach program specialists under section 4103A of such title and local veterans’ employment representa-tives under section 4104(b) of such title, and for the expenses described in section 4102A(b)(5)(C), which shall be available for obligation by the States through December 31, 2019, and not to exceed 3 percent for the necessary Federal expenditures for data sys-tems and contract support to allow for the tracking of participant and performance in-formation: Provided, That, in addition, such funds may be used to support such special-ists and representatives in the provision of services to transitioning members of the Armed Forces who have participated in the Transition Assistance Program and have been identified as in need of intensive serv-ices, to members of the Armed Forces who are wounded, ill, or injured and receiving treatment in military treatment facilities or warrior transition units, and to the spouses or other family caregivers of such wounded, ill, or injured members; (2) $24,500,000 is for carrying out the Tran-sition Assistance Program under 38 U.S.C. 4113 and 10 U.S.C. 1144; (3) $42,127,000 is for Federal administration of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That, up to $500,000 may be used to carry out the Hire VETS Act (division O of Public Law 115–31); and (4) $3,414,000 is for the National Veterans’ Employment and Training Services Institute under 38 U.S.C. 4109: Provided, That the Secretary may reallocate among the appropriations provided under paragraphs (1) through (4) above an amount not to exceed 3 percent of the appropriation from which such reallocation is made. In addition, from the General Fund of the Treasury, $50,000,000 is for carrying out pro-grams to assist homeless veterans and vet-erans at risk of homelessness who are transitioning from certain institutions under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5643 August 15, 2018 
sections 2021, 2021A, and 2023 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That notwith-standing subsections (c)(3) and (d) of section 2023, the Secretary may award grants through September 30, 2019, to provide serv-ices under such section: Provided further, That services provided under section 2023 may include, in addition to services to the individuals described in subsection (e) of such section, services to veterans recently released from incarceration who are at risk of homelessness. In addition, fees may be assessed and de-posited in the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund pursuant to section 5(b) of the HIRE Vets Act, and such amounts shall be avail-able to the Secretary to carry out the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program, as author-ized by such Act, and shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such sums shall be in addition to any other funds avail-able for such purposes, including funds avail-able under paragraph (3) of this heading: Pro- vided further, That section 2(d) of division O of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31; 38 U.S.C. 4100 note) shall not apply. 
IT MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses for Department of Labor centralized infrastructure technology investment activities related to support sys-tems and modernization, $20,769,000, which shall be available until expended. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $83,487,000, together with not to exceed $5,660,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration ac-count in the Unemployment Trust Fund. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for the Job Corps shall be used to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or any proration as an indirect cost, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 102. Not to exceed 1 percent of any dis-cretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the cur-rent fiscal year for the Department of Labor in this Act may be transferred between a program, project, or activity, but no such program, project, or activity shall be in-creased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer author-ity granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. S
EC. 103. In accordance with Executive Order 13126, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended for the procurement of goods mined, produced, man-ufactured, or harvested or services rendered, in whole or in part, by forced or indentured child labor in industries and host countries already identified by the United States De-partment of Labor prior to enactment of this Act. S
EC. 104. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made avail-able to the Department of Labor for grants under section 414(c) of the American Com-petitiveness and Workforce Improvement Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2916a) may be used for any purpose other than competitive grants for training individuals who are older than 16 years of age and are not currently enrolled in school within a local educational agency in the occupations and industries for which employers are using H–1B visas to hire for-eign workers, and the related activities nec-essary to support such training. SEC. 105. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Employment and Training Administration’’ shall be used by a recipient or subrecipient of such funds to pay the salary and bonuses of an indi-vidual, either as direct costs or indirect costs, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. This limitation shall not apply to vendors providing goods and services as defined in Of-fice of Management and Budget Circular A– 133. Where States are recipients of such funds, States may establish a lower limit for salaries and bonuses of those receiving sala-ries and bonuses from subrecipients of such funds, taking into account factors including the relative cost-of-living in the State, the compensation levels for comparable State or local government employees, and the size of the organizations that administer Federal programs involved including Employment and Training Administration programs. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 106. (a) Notwithstanding section 102, the Secretary may transfer funds made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act, either directly or through a set-aside, for technical assist-ance services to grantees to ‘‘Program Ad-ministration’’ when it is determined that those services will be more efficiently per-formed by Federal employees: Provided, That this section shall not apply to section 171 of the WIOA. (b) Notwithstanding section 102, the Sec-retary may transfer not more than 0.5 per-cent of each discretionary appropriation made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act to ‘‘Program Administration’’ in order to carry out program integrity activities relating to any of the programs or activities that are funded under any such discretionary appro-priations: Provided, That notwithstanding section 102 and the preceding proviso, the Secretary may transfer not more than 0.5 percent of funds made available in para-graphs (1) and (2) of the ‘‘Office of Job Corps’’ account to paragraph (3) of such account to carry out program integrity activities re-lated to the Job Corps program: Provided fur-ther, That funds transferred under the au-thority provided by this subsection shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2020. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 107. (a) The Secretary may reserve not more than 0.75 percent from each appropria-tion made available in this Act identified in subsection (b) in order to carry out evalua-tions of any of the programs or activities that are funded under such accounts. Any funds reserved under this section shall be transferred to ‘‘Departmental Management’’ for use by the Office of the Chief Evaluation Officer within the Department of Labor, and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall only be available if the Chief Evalua-tion Officer of the Department of Labor sub-mits a plan to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate describing the evaluations to be carried out 15 days in advance of any trans-fer. (b) The accounts referred to in subsection (a) are: ‘‘Training and Employment Serv-ices’’, ‘‘Job Corps’’, ‘‘Community Service Employment for Older Americans’’, ‘‘State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations’’, ‘‘Employee Benefits Se-curity Administration’’, ‘‘Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs’’, ‘‘Wage and Hour Division’’, ‘‘Office of Federal Contract Com-pliance Programs’’, ‘‘Office of Labor Manage-ment Standards’’, ‘‘Occupational Safety and Health Administration’’, ‘‘Mine Safety and Health Administration’’, ‘‘Office of Dis-ability Employment Policy’’, funding made available to the ‘‘Bureau of International Labor Affairs’’ and ‘‘Women’s Bureau’’ with-in the ‘‘Departmental Management, Salaries and Expenses’’ account, and ‘‘Veterans Em-ployment and Training’’. SEC. 108. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, beginning October 1, 2017, the Secretary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture may select an enti-ty to operate a Civilian Conservation Center on a competitive basis in accordance with section 147 of the WIOA, if the Secretary of Labor determines such Center has had con-sistently low performance under the per-formance accountability system in effect for the Job Corps program prior to July 1, 2016, or with respect to expected levels of perform-ance established under section 159(c) of such Act beginning July 1, 2016. S
EC. 109. (a) Section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 207) shall be applied as if the following text is part of such section: ‘‘(s)(1) The provisions of this section shall not apply for a period of 2 years after the oc-currence of a major disaster to any em-ployee— ‘‘(A) employed to adjust or evaluate claims resulting from or relating to such major dis-aster, by an employer not engaged, directly or through an affiliate, in underwriting, sell-ing, or marketing property, casualty, or li-ability insurance policies or contracts; ‘‘(B) who receives from such employer on average weekly compensation of not less than $591.00 per week or any minimum week-ly amount established by the Secretary, whichever is greater, for the number of weeks such employee is engaged in any of the activities described in subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(C) whose duties include any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) interviewing insured individuals, indi-viduals who suffered injuries or other dam-ages or losses arising from or relating to a disaster, witnesses, or physicians; ‘‘(ii) inspecting property damage or review-ing factual information to prepare damage estimates; ‘‘(iii) evaluating and making recommenda-tions regarding coverage or compensability of claims or determining liability or value aspects of claims; ‘‘(iv) negotiating settlements; or ‘‘(v) making recommendations regarding litigation. ‘‘(2) The exemption in this subsection shall not affect the exemption provided by section 13(a)(1). ‘‘(3) For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘major disaster’ means any disaster or catastrophe declared or des-ignated by any State or Federal agency or department; ‘‘(B) the term ‘employee employed to ad-just or evaluate claims resulting from or re-lating to such major disaster’ means an indi-vidual who timely secured or secures a li-cense required by applicable law to engage in and perform the activities described in clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (1)(C) re-lating to a major disaster, and is employed by an employer that maintains worker com-pensation insurance coverage or protection for its employees, if required by applicable law, and withholds applicable Federal, State, and local income and payroll taxes from the wages, salaries and any benefits of such em-ployees; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘affiliate’ means a company that, by reason of ownership or control of 25 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5644 August 15, 2018 
percent or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities of one or more companies, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another company.’’. (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 110. Of the funds made available under the heading ‘‘Employment and Training Ad-ministration–Training and Employment Services’’ in division H of Public Law 115–141, $34,000,000 is rescinded, to be derived from the amount made available in paragraph (2)(A) under such heading for the period Oc-tober 1, 2018, through September 30, 2019. S
EC. 111. (a) F LEXIBILITY WITHRESPECT TO  
THECROSSING OF H–2B N ONIMMIGRANTS WORK-
ING IN THE SEAFOOD INDUSTRY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), if a petition for H–2B nonimmigrants filed by an employer in the seafood industry is grant-ed, the employer may bring the non-immigrants described in the petition into the United States at any time during the 120- day period beginning on the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants without filing another petition. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR CROSSINGS AFTER  
90TH DAY .—An employer in the seafood indus-try may not bring H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States after the date that is 90 days after the start date for which the em-ployer is seeking the services of the non-immigrants unless the employer— (A) completes a new assessment of the local labor market by— (i) listing job orders in local newspapers on 2 separate Sundays; and (ii) posting the job opportunity on the ap-propriate Department of Labor Electronic Job Registry and at the employer’s place of employment; and (B) offers the job to an equally or better qualified United States worker who— (i) applies for the job; and (ii) will be available at the time and place of need. (3) E
XEMPTION FROM RULES WITH RESPECT TO  
STAGGERING .—The Secretary of Labor shall not consider an employer in the seafood in-dustry who brings H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States during the 120-day period specified in paragraph (1) to be staggering the date of need in violation of section 655.20(d) of title 20, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any other applicable provision of law. (b) H–2B N
ONIMMIGRANTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘H–2B nonimmigrants’’ means aliens admitted to the United States pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B)). S
EC. 112. The determination of prevailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program shall be the greater of—(1) the actual wage level paid by the employer to other employ-ees with similar experience and qualifica-tions for such position in the same location; or (2) the prevailing wage level for the occu-pational classification of the position in the geographic area in which the H–2B non-immigrant will be employed, based on the best information available at the time of fil-ing the petition. In the determination of pre-vailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program, the Secretary shall accept private wage surveys even in instances where Occu-pational Employment Statistics survey data are available unless the Secretary deter-mines that the methodology and data in the provided survey are not statistically sup-ported. S
EC. 113. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to enforce the definition of cor-responding employment found in 20 CFR 655.5 or the three-fourths guarantee rule defi-nition found in 20 CFR 655.20, or any ref-erences thereto. Further, for the purpose of regulating admission of temporary workers under the H–2B program, the definition of temporary need shall be that provided in 8 CFR 214.2(h)(6)(ii)(B). SEC. 114. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary may furnish through grants, cooperative agreements, contracts, and other arrangements, up to $2,000,000 of excess personal property to ap-prenticeship programs for the purpose of training apprentices in those programs. S
EC. 115. The proviso at the end of para-graph (1) under the heading ‘‘Department of Labor—Employment and Training Adminis-tration—State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations’’ in title I of division G of Public Law 113–235 shall be applied in fiscal year 2019 by substituting ‘‘seven’’ for ‘‘six’’. S
EC. 116. (a) The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to create a Department of Labor’’, approved March 4, 1913 (37 Stat. 736, chapter 141) shall be applied as if the following text is part of such Act: 
‘‘SEC. 12. SECURITY DETAIL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Labor is authorized to employ law enforcement of-ficers or special agents to— ‘‘(1) provide protection for the Secretary of Labor during the workday of the Secretary and during any activity that is preliminary or postliminary to the performance of offi-cial duties by the Secretary; ‘‘(2) provide protection, incidental to the protection provided to the Secretary, to a member of the immediate family of the Sec-retary who is participating in an activity or event relating to the official duties of the Secretary; ‘‘(3) provide continuous protection to the Secretary (including during periods not de-scribed in paragraph (1)) and to the members of the immediate family of the Secretary if there is a unique and articulable threat of physical harm, in accordance with guidelines established by the Secretary; and ‘‘(4) provide protection to the Deputy Sec-retary of Labor or another senior officer rep-resenting the Secretary of Labor at a public event if there is a unique and articulable threat of physical harm, in accordance with guidelines established by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITIES .—The Secretary of Labor may authorize a law enforcement officer or special agent employed under subsection (a), for the purpose of performing the duties au-thorized under subsection (a), to— ‘‘(1) carry firearms; ‘‘(2) make arrests without a warrant for any offense against the United States com-mitted in the presence of such officer or spe-cial agent; ‘‘(3) perform protective intelligence work, including identifying and mitigating poten-tial threats and conducting advance work to review security matters relating to sites and events; ‘‘(4) coordinate with local law enforcement agencies; and ‘‘(5) initiate criminal and other investiga-tions into potential threats to the security of the Secretary, in coordination with the Inspector General of the Department of Labor. ‘‘(c) C
OMPLIANCE WITHGUIDELINES .—A law enforcement officer or special agent em-ployed under subsection (a) shall exercise any authority provided under this section in accordance with any— ‘‘(1) guidelines issued by the Attorney Gen-eral; and ‘‘(2) guidelines prescribed by the Secretary of Labor.’’. (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 117. The Secretary is authorized to dispose of or divest, by any means the Sec-retary determines appropriate, including an agreement or partnership to construct a new Job Corps center, all or a portion of the real property on which the Treasure Island Job Corps Center is situated. Any sale or other disposition will not be subject to any re-quirement of any Federal law or regulation relating to the disposition of Federal real property, including but not limited to sub-chapter III of chapter 5 of title 40 of the United States Code and subchapter V of chapter 119 of title 42 of the United States Code. The net proceeds of such a sale shall be transferred to the Secretary, which shall be available until expended to carry out the Job Corps Program. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Labor Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES H
EALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES  A
DMINISTRATION  
PRIMARY HEALTH CARE  For carrying out titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘PHS Act’’) with respect to pri-mary health care and the Native Hawaiian Health Care Act of 1988, $1,626,522,000: Pro- vided, That no more than $1,000,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out the provisions of section 224(o) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That no more than $114,893,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out subsections (g) through (n) and (q) of section 224 of the PHS Act, and for expenses incurred by the Department of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as ‘‘HHS’’) pertaining to adminis-trative claims made under such law: Provided further, That of funds provided for the Health Centers program, as defined by section 330 of the PHS Act, by this Act or any other Act for fiscal year 2019, not less than $200,000,000 shall be obligated in fiscal year 2019 for im-proving quality of care or expanded service grants under section 330 of the PHS Act to support and enhance behavioral health, men-tal health, or substance use disorder serv-ices. 
HEALTH WORKFORCE  For carrying out titles III, VII, and VIII of the PHS Act with respect to the health workforce, sections 1128E and 1921 of the So-cial Security Act, and the Health Care Qual-ity Improvement Act of 1986, $1,072,695,000, of which $111,916,000 shall be available to carry out sections 755 and 756 of the PHS Act: Pro- vided, That sections 747(c)(2), 751(j)(2), 762(k), and the proportional funding amounts in paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 756(f) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That for any program operating under section 751 of the PHS Act on or before Janu-ary 1, 2009, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this title as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may hereafter waive any of the requirements contained in sections 751(d)(2)(A) and 751(d)(2)(B) of such Act for the full project period of a grant under such section: Provided further, That no funds shall be available for section 340G–1 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That fees collected for the disclosure of information under section 427(b) of the Health Care Quality Improve-ment Act of 1986 and sections 1128E(d)(2) and 1921 of the Social Security Act shall be suffi-cient to recover the full costs of operating the programs authorized by such sections and shall remain available until expended for the National Practitioner Data Bank: Pro- vided further, That funds transferred to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5645 August 15, 2018 
account to carry out section 846 and subpart 3 of part D of title III of the PHS Act may be used to make prior year adjustments to awards made under such sections: Provided further, That $105,000,000 shall remain avail-able until expended for the purposes of pro-viding primary health services, be used to as-sign National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to expand the delivery of substance use disorder treatment services, notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations in or under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), and 333A(a)(1)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act, and to make NHSC Loan Repay-ment Program awards under section 338B of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the previous proviso, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term ‘‘primary health services’’ includes clinical substance use disorder treatment services, including those provided by masters level, li-censed substance use disorder treatment counselors. 
MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH  For carrying out titles III, XI, XII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to maternal and child health, title V of the Social Secu-rity Act, and section 712 of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, $924,789,000, of which $10,000,000 shall be available for car-rying out section 330M of the PHS Act: Pro- vided, That notwithstanding sections 502(a)(1) and 502(b)(1) of the Social Security Act, not more than $109,593,000 shall be avail-able for carrying out special projects of re-gional and national significance pursuant to section 501(a)(2) of such Act and $10,276,000 shall be available for projects described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of section 501(a)(3) of such Act. 
RYAN WHITE HIV /AIDS PROGRAM  For carrying out title XXVI of the PHS Act with respect to the Ryan White HIV/ AIDS program, $2,318,781,000, of which $1,970,881,000 shall remain available to the Secretary through September 30, 2021, for parts A and B of title XXVI of the PHS Act, and of which not less than $900,313,000 shall be for State AIDS Drug Assistance Programs under the authority of section 2616 or 311(c) of such Act. 
HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS  For carrying out titles III and XII of the PHS Act with respect to health care sys-tems, and the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Re-search Act of 2005, $113,693,000, of which $122,000 shall be available until expended for facilities renovations at the Gillis W. Long Hansen’s Disease Center. 
RURAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles III and IV of the PHS Act with respect to rural health, sec-tion 427(a) of the Federal Coal Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969, and sections 711 and 1820 of the Social Security Act, $318,794,000, of which $49,609,000 from general revenues, notwithstanding section 1820(j) of the Social Security Act, shall be available for carrying out the Medicare rural hospital flexibility grants program: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading for Medi-care rural hospital flexibility grants, $15,942,000 shall be available for the Small Rural Hospital Improvement Grant Program for quality improvement and adoption of health information technology and up to $1,000,000 shall be to carry out section 1820(g)(6) of the Social Security Act, with funds provided for grants under section 1820(g)(6) available for the purchase and im-plementation of telehealth services, includ-ing pilots and demonstrations on the use of electronic health records to coordinate rural veterans care between rural providers and the Department of Veterans Affairs elec-tronic health record system: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 338J(k) of the PHS Act, $10,000,000 shall be available for State Offices of Rural Health: Provided fur-ther, That $15,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2021 to support the Rural Residency Development Program: Pro- vided further, That $120,000,000 shall be for the Rural Communities Opioids Response Pro-gram. FAMILY PLANNING  For carrying out the program under title X of the PHS Act to provide for voluntary fam-ily planning projects, $286,479,000: Provided, That amounts provided to said projects under such title shall not be expended for abortions, that all pregnancy counseling shall be nondirective, and that such amounts shall not be expended for any activity (in-cluding the publication or distribution of lit-erature) that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legisla-tive proposal or candidate for public office. 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT  For program support in the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, $155,000,000: Provided, That funds made avail-able under this heading may be used to sup-plement program support funding provided under the headings ‘‘Primary Health Care’’, ‘‘Health Workforce’’, ‘‘Maternal and Child Health’’, ‘‘Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program’’, ‘‘Health Care Systems’’, and ‘‘Rural Health’’. 
VACCINE INJURY COMPENSATION PROGRAM  
TRUST FUND  For payments from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Trust Fund (the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), such sums as may be nec-essary for claims associated with vaccine-re-lated injury or death with respect to vac-cines administered after September 30, 1988, pursuant to subtitle 2 of title XXI of the PHS Act, to remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That for necessary administrative ex-penses, not to exceed $9,200,000 shall be avail-able from the Trust Fund to the Secretary. C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
IMMUNIZATION AND RESPIRATORY DISEASES  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXI, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Edu-cation Assistance Act, with respect to immu-nization and respiratory diseases, $474,055,000. 
HIV/AIDS, VIRAL HEPATITIS , SEXUALLY TRANS -
MITTED DISEASES , AND TUBERCULOSIS PRE -
VENTION  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXIII of the PHS Act with respect to HIV/ AIDS, viral hepatitis, sexually transmitted diseases, and tuberculosis prevention, $1,132,278,000. 
EMERGING AND ZOONOTIC INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Education As-sistance Act, with respect to emerging and zoonotic infectious diseases, $565,572,000. 
CHRONIC DISEASE PREVENTION AND HEALTH  
PROMOTION  For carrying out titles II, III, XI, XV, XVII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to chronic disease prevention and health pro-motion, $911,821,000: Provided, That funds ap-propriated under this account may be avail-able for making grants under section 1509 of the PHS Act for not less than 21 States, tribes, or tribal organizations: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be available to continue and expand community specific ex-tension and outreach programs to combat obesity in counties with the highest levels of obesity: Provided further, That the propor-tional funding requirements under section 1503(a) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading. BIRTH DEFECTS , DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES , 
DISABILITIES AND HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, XI, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to birth defects, developmental disabilities, disabilities and health, $153,560,000. 
PUBLIC HEALTH SCIENTIFIC SERVICES  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to health statis-tics, surveillance, health informatics, and workforce development, $492,397,000. 
ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health, $188,750,000. 
INJURY PREVENTION AND CONTROL  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to injury preven-tion and control, $648,559,000, of which $475,579,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020 for an evidence-based opioid drug overdose prevention program. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE FOR OCCUPATIONAL  
SAFETY AND HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act, sections 101, 102, 103, 201, 202, 203, 301, and 501 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act, section 13 of the Mine Im-provement and New Emergency Response Act, and sections 20, 21, and 22 of the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Act, with respect to occupational safety and health, $335,300,000. 
ENERGY EMPLOYEES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS  
COMPENSATION PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $55,358,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That this amount shall be available con-sistent with the provision regarding adminis-trative expenses in section 151(b) of division B, title I of Public Law 106–554. 
GLOBAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to global health, $488,621,000, of which: (1) $128,421,000 shall re-main available through September 30, 2020 for international HIV/AIDS; and (2) $50,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2021 for Global Disease Detec-tion and Emergency Response: Provided, That funds may be used for purchase and in-surance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries. 
PUBLIC HEALTH PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to public health preparedness and response, and for expenses necessary to support activities related to countering potential biological, nuclear, ra-diological, and chemical threats to civilian populations, $1,470,000,000, of which $610,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the Strategic National Stockpile: Provided, That in the event the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion (referred to in this title as ‘‘CDC’’) acti-vates the Emergency Operations Center, the Director of the CDC may detail CDC staff without reimbursement for up to 90 days to support the work of the CDC Emergency Op-erations Center, so long as the Director pro-vides a notice to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 15 days of the use of this authority and a full report within 30 days after use of this authority which in-cludes the number of staff and funding level broken down by the originating center and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5646 August 15, 2018 
number of days detailed: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to support a contract for the op-eration and maintenance of an aircraft in di-rect support of activities throughout CDC to ensure the agency is prepared to address pub-lic health preparedness emergencies. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition of real property, equip-ment, construction, demolition, and renova-tion of facilities, $30,000,000, which shall re-main available until September 30, 2023: Pro- vided, That funds previously set-aside by CDC for repair and upgrade of the Lake Lynn Experimental Mine and Laboratory shall be used to acquire a replacement mine safety research facility: Provided further, That in addition, the prior year unobligated balance of any amounts assigned to former employ-ees in accounts of CDC made available for In-dividual Learning Accounts shall be credited to and merged with the amounts made avail-able under this heading to support the re-placement of the mine safety research facil-ity. 
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII and XIX, and section 2821 of the PHS Act and for cross-cutting activities and program support for activities funded in other appropriations included in this Act for the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, $113,570,000: Provided, That paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b) of section 2821 of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading and in all other accounts of the CDC: Provided further, That employees of CDC or the Public Health Service, both civil-ian and commissioned officers, detailed to States, municipalities, or other organiza-tions under authority of section 214 of the PHS Act, or in overseas assignments, shall be treated as non-Federal employees for re-porting purposes only and shall not be in-cluded within any personnel ceiling applica-ble to the Agency, Service, or HHS during the period of detail or assignment: Provided further, That CDC may use up to $10,000 from amounts appropriated to CDC in this Act for official reception and representation ex-penses when specifically approved by the Di-rector of CDC: Provided further, That in addi-tion, such sums as may be derived from au-thorized user fees, which shall be credited to the appropriation charged with the cost thereof: Provided further, That with respect to the previous proviso, authorized user fees from the Vessel Sanitation Program and the Respirator Certification Program shall be available through September 30, 2020. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL CANCER INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cancer, $5,747,125,000, of which up to $30,000,000 may be used for facilities repairs and improve-ments at the National Cancer Institute— Frederick Federally Funded Research and Development Center in Frederick, Maryland. 
NATIONAL HEART , LUNG , AND BLOOD INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cardiovascular, lung, and blood diseases, and blood and blood products, $3,490,171,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF DENTAL AND  
CRANIOFACIAL RESEARCH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to dental and craniofacial diseases, $462,024,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF DIABETES AND  
DIGESTIVE AND KIDNEY DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to diabetes and di-gestive and kidney disease, $2,030,892,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF NEUROLOGICAL  
DISORDERS AND STROKE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to neurological disorders and stroke, $2,218,080,000: Provided, That $250,000,000 shall be for research related to opioid addiction, development of opioid alternatives, pain management, and addic-tion treatment: Provided further, That each for-profit recipient of funds provided in the previous proviso shall be subject to a match-ing requirement of funds or documented in- kind contributions of not less than 50 per-cent of the total funds awarded to such enti-ty. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to allergy and in-fectious diseases, $5,506,190,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF GENERAL MEDICAL  
SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to general medical sciences, $2,874,292,000, of which $1,018,321,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act: Provided, That not less than $361,763,000 is provided for the Institu-tional Development Awards program. 
EUNICE KENNEDY SHRIVER NATIONAL INSTITUTE  
OF CHILD HEALTH AND HUMAN DEVELOPMENT  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to child health and human development, $1,507,251,000. 
NATIONAL EYE INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to eye diseases and visual disorders, $796,955,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ENVIRONMENTAL  
HEALTH SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health sciences, $775,115,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON AGING  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to aging, $3,084,809,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ARTHRITIS AND  
MUSCULOSKELETAL AND SKIN DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases, $605,383,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DEAFNESS AND OTHER  
COMMUNICATION DISORDERS  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to deafness and other communication disorders, $474,653,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF NURSING RESEARCH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to nursing re-search, $163,076,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON ALCOHOL ABUSE AND  
ALCOHOLISM  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to alcohol abuse and alcoholism, $525,867,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DRUG ABUSE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to drug abuse, $1,420,591,000: Provided, That $250,000,000 shall be for research related to opioid addiction, development of opioid alternatives, pain management, and addiction treatment: Pro- vided further, That each for-profit recipient of funds provided in the previous proviso shall be subject to a matching requirement of funds or documented in-kind contribu-tions of not less than 50 percent of the total funds awarded to such entity. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, $1,813,750,000. NATIONAL HUMAN GENOME RESEARCH INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to human genome research, $575,882,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF BIOMEDICAL IMAGING  
AND BIOENGINEERING  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to biomedical im-aging and bioengineering research, $389,672,000. 
NATIONAL CENTER FOR COMPLEMENTARY AND  
INTEGRATIVE HEALTH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to complementary and integrative health, $146,550,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON MINORITY HEALTH AND  
HEALTH DISPARITIES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to minority health and health disparities research, $314,845,000. 
JOHN E . FOGARTY INTERNATIONAL CENTER  For carrying out the activities of the John E. Fogarty International Center (described in subpart 2 of part E of title IV of the PHS Act), $78,150,000. 
NATIONAL LIBRARY OF MEDICINE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to health informa-tion communications, $442,230,000: Provided, That of the amounts available for improve-ment of information systems, $4,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided further, That in fiscal year 2019, the Na-tional Library of Medicine may enter into personal services contracts for the provision of services in facilities owned, operated, or constructed under the jurisdiction of the Na-tional Institutes of Health (referred to in this title as ‘‘NIH’’). 
NATIONAL CENTER FOR ADVANCING  
TRANSLATIONAL SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to translational sciences, $806,787,000: Provided, That up to $80,000,000 shall be available to implement section 480 of the PHS Act, relating to the Cures Acceleration Network: Provided fur-ther, That at least $560,031,000 is provided to the Clinical and Translational Sciences Awards program. 
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR  For carrying out the responsibilities of the Office of the Director, NIH, $1,910,060,000: Provided, That funding shall be available for the purchase of not to exceed 29 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only: Pro- vided further, That all funds credited to the NIH Management Fund shall remain avail-able for one fiscal year after the fiscal year in which they are deposited: Provided further, That $606,885,000 shall be available for the Common Fund established under section 402A(c)(1) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $10,000 shall be for official reception and representation ex-penses when specifically approved by the Di-rector of the NIH: Provided further, That the Office of AIDS Research within the Office of the Director of the NIH may spend up to $8,000,000 to make grants for construction or renovation of facilities as provided for in section 2354(a)(5)(B) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That $50,000,000 shall be used to carry out section 404I of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 283K), relating to biomedical and behavioral research facilities. In addition to other funds appropriated for the Common Fund established under section 402A(c) of the PHS Act, $12,600,000 is appro-priated to the Common Fund from the 10- year Pediatric Research Initiative Fund de-scribed in section 9008 of title 26, United States Code, for the purpose of carrying out section 402(b)(7)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act (relat-ing to pediatric research), as authorized in the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5647 August 15, 2018 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For the study of, construction of, demoli-tion of, renovation of, and acquisition of equipment for, facilities of or used by NIH, including the acquisition of real property, $200,000,000, to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2023. 
NIH INNOVATION ACCOUNT , CURES ACT  For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described in section 1001(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act, in addition to amounts available for such purposes in the appropriations provided to the NIH in this Act, $711,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are appropriated pursuant to section 1001(b)(3) of such Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1001(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Di-rector of the National Institutes of Health to other accounts of the National Institutes of Health solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a de-termination by the Director that funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso are not necessary for the purposes provided, such amounts may be transferred back to the Account: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided by law. S
UBSTANCE ABUSE AND MENTAL HEALTH  S
ERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
MENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, and the Protection and Advocacy for Individ-uals with Mental Illness Act, $1,532,972,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 520A(f)(2) of the PHS Act, no funds appro-priated for carrying out section 520A shall be available for carrying out section 1971 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $21,039,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out subpart I of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act to fund section 1920(b) tech-nical assistance, national data, data collec-tion and evaluation activities, and further that the total available under this Act for section 1920(b) activities shall not exceed 5 percent of the amounts appropriated for sub-part I of part B of title XIX: Provided further, That up to 10 percent of the amounts made available to carry out the Children’s Mental Health Services program may be used to carry out demonstration grants or contracts for early interventions with persons not more than 25 years of age at clinical high risk of developing a first episode of psy-chosis: Provided further, That section 520E(b)(2) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated in this Act for fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That States shall ex-pend at least 10 percent of the amount each receives for carrying out section 1911 of the PHS Act to support evidence-based programs that address the needs of individuals with early serious mental illness, including psy-chotic disorders, regardless of the age of the individual at onset: Provided further, That $150,000,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2021 for grants to communities and community organizations who meet cri-teria for Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinics pursuant to section 223(a) of Public Law 113–93: Provided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1911 of the PHS Act shall be subject to section 241 of such Act: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be to carry out section 224 of the Pro-tecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–93; 42 U.S.C. 290aa 22 note). 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE TREATMENT  For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse treatment and title XIX of such Act with re-spect to substance abuse treatment and pre-vention, $3,730,806,000: Provided, That $1,500,000,000 shall be for State Opioid Re-sponse Grants for carrying out activities per-taining to opioids undertaken by the State agency responsible for administering the substance abuse prevention and treatment block grant under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–21 et seq.): Provided further, That of such amount $50,000,000 shall be made available to Indian Tribes or tribal organizations: Provided fur-ther, That 15 percent of the remaining amount shall be for the States with the high-est mortality rate related to opioid use dis-orders: Provided further, That of the amounts provided for State Opioid Response Grants not more than 2 percent shall be available for Federal administrative expenses, train-ing, technical assistance, and evaluation: Provided further, That of the amount not re-served by the previous three provisos, the Secretary shall make allocations to States, territories, and the District of Columbia ac-cording to a formula using national survey results that the Secretary determines are the most objective and reliable measure of drug use and drug-related deaths: Provided further, That the Secretary shall submit the formula methodology to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate not less than 15 days prior to publishing a Funding Opportunity Announcement: Provided further, That pre- vention and treatment activities funded through such grants may include education, treatment (including the provision of medi-cation), behavioral health services for indi-viduals in treatment programs, referral to treatment services, recovery support, and medical screening associated with such treatment: Provided further, That each State, as well as the District of Columbia, shall re-ceive not less than $4,000,000: Provided fur-ther, That in addition to amounts provided herein, the following amounts shall be avail-able under section 241 of the PHS Act: (1) $79,200,000 to carry out subpart II of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act to fund section 1935(b) technical assistance, national data, data collection and evaluation activities, and further that the total available under this Act for section 1935(b) activities shall not exceed 5 percent of the amounts appro-priated for subpart II of part B of title XIX; and (2) $2,000,000 to evaluate substance abuse treatment programs: Provided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1921 of the PHS Act or State Opioid Response Grants shall be subject to section 241 of such Act. SUBSTANCE ABUSE PREVENTION  For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse prevention, $200,219,000. 
HEALTH SURVEILLANCE AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For program support and cross-cutting ac-tivities that supplement activities funded under the headings ‘‘Mental Health’’, ‘‘Sub-stance Abuse Treatment’’, and ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention’’ in carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act and the Protec-tion and Advocacy for Individuals with Men-tal Illness Act in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, $128,830,000: Provided, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $31,428,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to supplement funds available to carry out na-tional surveys on drug abuse and mental health, to collect and analyze program data, and to conduct public awareness and tech-nical assistance activities: Provided further, That, in addition, fees may be collected for the costs of publications, data, data tabula-tions, and data analysis completed under title V of the PHS Act and provided to a pub-lic or private entity upon request, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until expended for such purposes: Provided further, That amounts made available in this Act for car-rying out section 501(m) of the PHS Act shall remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used to supple-ment program support funding provided under the headings ‘‘Mental Health’’, ‘‘Sub-stance Abuse Treatment’’, and ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention’’. AGENCY FOR HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND  Q
UALITY  
HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND QUALITY  For carrying out titles III and IX of the PHS Act, part A of title XI of the Social Se-curity Act, and section 1013 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Mod-ernization Act of 2003, $334,000,000: Provided, That section 947(c) of the PHS Act shall not apply in fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That in addition, amounts received from Freedom of Information Act fees, reimburs-able and interagency agreements, and the sale of data shall be credited to this appro-priation and shall remain available until September 30, 2020. C
ENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID  S
ERVICES  
GRANTS TO STATES FOR MEDICAID  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, titles XI and XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act, $276,236,212,000, to remain available until expended. For making, after May 31, 2019, payments to States under title XIX or in the case of section 1928 on behalf of States under title XIX of the Social Security Act for the last quarter of fiscal year 2019 for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. For making payments to States or in the case of section 1928 on behalf of States under title XIX of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, $137,931,797,000, to remain available until ex-pended. Payment under such title XIX may be made for any quarter with respect to a State plan or plan amendment in effect during such quarter, if submitted in or prior to such quarter and approved in that or any subse-quent quarter. 
PAYMENTS TO THE HEALTH CARE TRUST FUNDS  For payment to the Federal Hospital In-surance Trust Fund and the Federal Supple-mentary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as provided under sections 217(g), 1844, and 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act, sections 103(c) and 111(d) of the Social Security Amendments of 1965, section 278(d)(3) of Pub-lic Law 97–248, and for administrative ex-penses incurred pursuant to section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, $378,343,800,000. In addition, for making matching pay-ments under section 1844 and benefit pay-ments under section 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act that were not anticipated in budget estimates, such sums as may be nec-essary. 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, titles XI, XVIII, XIX, and XXI of the Social Security Act, titles XIII and XXVII of the PHS Act, the Clinical Laboratory Im-provement Amendments of 1988, and other responsibilities of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, not to exceed $3,669,744,000, to be transferred from the Fed-eral Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5648 August 15, 2018 
of the Social Security Act; together with all funds collected in accordance with section 353 of the PHS Act and section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Security Act, funds retained by the Secretary pursuant to section 1893(h) of the Social Security Act, and such sums as may be collected from authorized user fees and the sale of data, which shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided, That all funds derived in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 9701 from organiza-tions established under title XIII of the PHS Act shall be credited to and available for carrying out the purposes of this appropria-tion: Provided further, That the Secretary is directed to collect fees in fiscal year 2019 from Medicare Advantage organizations pur-suant to section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Secu-rity Act and from eligible organizations with risk-sharing contracts under section 1876 of that Act pursuant to section 1876(k)(4)(D) of that Act. 
HEALTH CARE FRAUD AND ABUSE CONTROL  
ACCOUNT  In addition to amounts otherwise available for program integrity and program manage-ment, $765,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020, to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Med-ical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, of which $600,464,000 shall be for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Program in-tegrity activities, of which $86,664,000 shall be for the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General to carry out fraud and abuse activities authorized by section 1817(k)(3) of such Act, and of which $77,872,000 shall be for the Department of Justice to carry out fraud and abuse activi-ties authorized by section 1817(k)(3) of such Act: Provided, That the report required by section 1817(k)(5) of the Social Security Act for fiscal year 2019 shall include measures of the operational efficiency and impact on fraud, waste, and abuse in the Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP programs for the funds provided by this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That of the amount provided under this heading, $311,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(C)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $454,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(C) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide not less than $17,621,000 for the Sen-ior Medicare Patrol program to combat health care fraud and abuse from the funds provided to this account. A
DMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES  
PAYMENTS TO STATES FOR CHILD SUPPORT  
ENFORCEMENT AND FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, $2,922,247,000, to remain available until expended; and for such purposes for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, $1,400,000,000, to remain available until expended. For carrying out, after May 31 of the cur-rent fiscal year, except as otherwise pro-vided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. 
LOW INCOME HOME ENERGY ASSISTANCE  For making payments under subsections (b) and (d) of section 2602 of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, $3,690,304,000: Provided, That all but $716,000,000 of this amount shall be allocated as though the total appropriation for such payments for fiscal year 2019 was less than $1,975,000,000: Provided further, That notwith-standing section 2609A(a), of the amounts ap-propriated under section 2602(b), not more than $2,988,000 of such amounts may be re-served by the Secretary for technical assist-ance, training, and monitoring of program activities for compliance with internal con-trols, policies and procedures and may, in ad-dition to the authorities provided in section 2609A(a)(1), use such funds through contracts with private entities that do not qualify as nonprofit organizations. REFUGEE AND ENTRANT ASSISTANCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for refugee and en-trant assistance activities authorized by sec-tion 414 of the Immigration and Nationality Act and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980, and for carrying out section 462 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008, the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (‘‘TVPA’’), and the Tor-ture Victims Relief Act of 1998, $1,905,201,000, of which $1,864,446,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2021 for carrying out such sections 414, 501, 462, and 235: Provided, That amounts available under this heading to carry out the TVPA shall also be avail-able for research and evaluation with respect to activities under such Act: Provided further, That the limitation in section 205 of this Act regarding transfers increasing any appro-priation shall apply to transfers to appro-priations under this heading by substituting ‘‘15 percent’’ for ‘‘3 percent’’. 
PAYMENTS TO STATES FOR THE CHILD CARE AND  
DEVELOPMENT BLOCK GRANT  For carrying out the Child Care and Devel-opment Block Grant Act of 1990 (‘‘CCDBG Act’’), $5,226,000,000 shall be used to supple-ment, not supplant State general revenue funds for child care assistance for low-in-come families: Provided, That technical as-sistance under section 658I(a)(3) of such Act may be provided directly, or through the use of contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, or interagency agreements: Provided further, That all funds made available to carry out section 418 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618), including funds appropriated for that purpose in such section 418 or any other provision of law, shall be subject to the res-ervation of funds authority in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 658O(a) of the CCDBG Act: Provided further, That in addition to the amounts required to be reserved by the Sec-retary under section 658O(a)(2)(A) of such Act, $156,780,000 shall be for Indian tribes and tribal organizations. 
SOCIAL SERVICES BLOCK GRANT  For making grants to States pursuant to section 2002 of the Social Security Act, $1,700,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding subparagraph (B) of section 404(d)(2) of such Act, the applicable percent specified under such subparagraph for a State to carry out State programs pursuant to title XX–A of such Act shall be 10 percent. 
CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, the Head Start Act, the Every Student Succeeds Act, the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, sections 303 and 313 of the Family Violence Prevention and Serv-ices Act, the Native American Programs Act of 1974, title II of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment and Adoption Reform Act of 1978 (adoption opportunities), part B–1 of title IV and sections 429, 473A, 477(i), 1110, 1114A, and 1115 of the Social Security Act, and the Community Services Block Grant Act (‘‘CSBG Act’’); and for necessary admin-istrative expenses to carry out titles I, IV, V, X, XI, XIV, XVI, and XX–A of the Social Se-curity Act, the Act of July 5, 1960, the Low- Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990, the Assets for Independence Act, title IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Edu-cation Assistance Act of 1980, $12,288,225,000, of which $75,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020, shall be for grants to States for adoption and legal guardianship incentive payments, as defined by section 473A of the Social Security Act and may be made for adoptions and legal guardianships completed before September 30, 2019: Provided, That $10,113,095,000, of which $132,000,000 shall be available through March 31, 2020, shall be for making payments under the Head Start Act, of which: (1) $215,000,000 shall be available for a cost of living adjustment notwithstanding section 640(a)(3)(A) of such Act, and with respect to any continuing appropriations act, funding available for a cost of living adjustment shall not be construed as an authority or condition under this Act; (2) $16,000,000 shall be available to supple-ment funding otherwise available for re-search, evaluation, and Federal administra-tive costs; (3) $25,000,000 shall be available for alloca-tion by the Secretary to supplement activi-ties described in paragraphs (7)(B) and (9) of section 641(c) of the Head Start Act under the Designation Renewal System, estab-lished under the authority of sections 641(c)(7), 645A(b)(12), and 645A(d) of such Act, and such funds shall not be included in the calculation of ‘‘base grant’’ in subsequent fiscal years, as such term is used in section 640(a)(7)(A) of such Act; and (4) $35,000,000 of the amount available through March 31, 2020 shall be available for award by the Secretary to grantees that apply for supplemental funding to increase their hours of program operations and for training and technical assistance for such activities (of which up to one percent may be reserved for research and evaluation in addi-tion to amounts described in paragraph (2)): Provided further, That notwithstanding the sixth proviso under this heading in division H of Public Law 115–141, any amount issued through a grant for the purposes described in the following proviso shall be included in any calculation of ‘‘base grant’’, as such term is used in section 640(a)(7)(A) of the Head Start Act, that affects the allocation of funds appropriated in this Act: Provided fur-ther, That the previous proviso applies to funds granted for Early Head Start programs as described in section 645A of the Head Start Act, for conversion of Head Start serv-ices to Early Head Start services as de-scribed in section 645(a)(5)(A) of such Act, and for discretionary grants for high quality infant and toddler care through Early Head Start-Child Care Partnerships, to entities de-fined as eligible under section 645A(d) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may reduce the reservation of funds under section 640(a)(2)(C) of such Act in lieu of re-ducing the reservation of funds under sec-tions 640(a)(2)(B), 640(a)(2)(D), and 640(a)(2)(E) of such Act: Provided further, That $250,000,000 shall be available until December 31, 2019 for carrying out sections 9212 and 9213 of the Every Student Succeeds Act: Provided further, That up to 3 percent of the funds in the preceding proviso shall be available for technical assistance and evaluation related to grants awarded under such section 9212: Provided further, That $752,883,000 shall be for making payments under the CSBG Act: Pro- vided further, That $28,233,000 shall be for sec-tions 680 and 678E(b)(2) of the CSBG Act, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5649 August 15, 2018 
which not less than $19,883,000 shall be for section 680(a)(2) and not less than $8,000,000 shall be for section 680(a)(3)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding sec-tion 675C(a)(3) of such Act, to the extent Community Services Block Grant funds are distributed as grant funds by a State to an eligible entity as provided under such Act, and have not been expended by such entity, they shall remain with such entity for carry-over into the next fiscal year for expenditure by such entity consistent with program pur-poses: Provided further, That the Secretary shall establish procedures regarding the dis-position of intangible assets and program in-come that permit such assets acquired with, and program income derived from, grant funds authorized under section 680 of the CSBG Act to become the sole property of such grantees after a period of not more than 12 years after the end of the grant period for any activity consistent with section 680(a)(2)(A) of the CSBG Act: Provided fur-ther, That intangible assets in the form of loans, equity investments and other debt in-struments, and program income may be used by grantees for any eligible purpose con-sistent with section 680(a)(2)(A) of the CSBG Act: Provided further, That these procedures shall apply to such grant funds made avail-able after November 29, 1999: Provided further, That funds appropriated for section 680(a)(2) of the CSBG Act shall be available for fi-nancing construction and rehabilitation and loans or investments in private business en-terprises owned by community development corporations: Provided further, That $165,000,000 shall be for carrying out section 303(a) of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act, of which $5,000,000 shall be allo-cated notwithstanding section 303(a)(2) of such Act for carrying out section 309 of such Act: Provided further, That the percentages specified in section 112(a)(2) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further That $1,864,000 shall be for a human services case management system for federally declared disasters, to in-clude a comprehensive national case man-agement contract and Federal costs of ad-ministering the system: Provided further, That up to $2,000,000 shall be for improving the Public Assistance Reporting Information System, including grants to States to sup-port data collection for a study of the sys-tem’s effectiveness. 
PROMOTING SAFE AND STABLE FAMILIES  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, section 436 of the Social Security Act, $345,000,000 and, for carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 437 of such Act, $99,765,000: Provided, That of the funds avail-able to carry out section 437, $59,765,000 shall be allocated consistent with subsections (b) through (d) of such section: Provided further, That of the funds available to carry out sec-tion 437, to assist in meeting the require-ments described in section 471(e)(4)(C), $20,000,000 shall be for grants to each State, territory, and Indian tribe operating title IV–E plans for developing, enhancing, or evaluating kinship navigator programs, as described in section 427(a)(1) of such Act, and $20,000,000, in addition to funds otherwise ap-propriated in section 436 for such purposes, shall be for competitive grants to regional partnerships as described in section 437(f) and for developing enhancing, or evaluating family-focused residential treatment pro-grams: Provided further, That section 437(b)(1) shall be applied to amounts in the previous proviso by substituting ‘‘5 percent’’ for ‘‘3.3 percent’’, and notwithstanding section 436(b)(1), such reserved amounts may be used for identifying, establishing, and dissemi-nating practices to meet the criteria speci-fied in section 471(e)(4)(C): Provided further, That the reservation in section 437(b)(2) and the limitations in section 437(d) shall not apply to funds specified in the second pro-viso: Provided further, That the minimum grant award for kinship navigator programs in the case of States and territories shall be $200,000, and, in the case of tribes, shall be $25,000. PAYMENTS FOR FOSTER CARE AND PERMANENCY  For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, $6,035,000,000. For carrying out, except as otherwise pro-vided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, $2,800,000,000. For carrying out, after May 31 of the cur-rent fiscal year, except as otherwise pro-vided, section 474 of title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. A
DMINISTRATION FOR COMMUNITY LIVING  
AGING AND DISABILITY SERVICES PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, the Older Americans Act of 1965 (‘‘OAA’’), titles III and XXIX of the PHS Act, sections 1252 and 1253 of the PHS Act, section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, title XX– B of the Social Security Act, the Develop-mental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act, parts 2 and 5 of subtitle D of title II of the Help America Vote Act of 2002, the Assistive Technology Act of 1998, titles II and VII (and section 14 with respect to such titles) of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and for Department-wide coordination of policy and program activities that assist individ-uals with disabilities, $2,100,400,000, together with $49,115,000 to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insur-ance Trust Fund to carry out section 4360 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990: Provided, That amounts appropriated under this heading may be used for grants to States under section 361 of the OAA only for disease prevention and health promotion programs and activities which have been demonstrated through rigorous evaluation to be evidence-based and effective: Provided fur-ther, That of amounts made available under this heading to carry out sections 311, 331, and 336 of the OAA, up to one percent of such amounts shall be available for developing and implementing evidence-based practices for enhancing senior nutrition: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, funds made available under this heading to carry out section 311 of the OAA may be transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture in accordance with such section: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to support alternative fi-nancing programs that provide for the pur-chase of assistive technology devices, such as a low-interest loan fund; an interest buy- down program; a revolving loan fund; a loan guarantee; or an insurance program: Provided further, That applicants shall provide an as-surance that, and information describing the manner in which, the alternative financing program will expand and emphasize con-sumer choice and control: Provided further, That State agencies and community-based disability organizations that are directed by and operated for individuals with disabilities shall be eligible to compete: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used by an eligible sys-tem (as defined in section 102 of the Protec-tion and Advocacy for Individuals with Men-tal Illness Act (42 U.S.C. 10802)) to continue to pursue any legal action in a Federal or State court on behalf of an individual or group of individuals with a developmental disability (as defined in section 102(8)(A) of the Developmental Disabilities and Assist-ance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (20 U.S.C. 15002(8)(A)) that is attributable to a mental impairment (or a combination of mental and physical impairments), that has as the re-quested remedy the closure of State operated intermediate care facilities for people with intellectual or developmental disabilities, unless reasonable public notice of the action has been provided to such individuals (or, in the case of mental incapacitation, the legal guardians who have been specifically award-ed authority by the courts to make healthcare and residential decisions on be-half of such individuals) who are affected by such action, within 90 days of instituting such legal action, which informs such indi-viduals (or such legal guardians) of their legal rights and how to exercise such rights consistent with current Federal Rules of Civil Procedure: Provided further, That the limitations in the immediately preceding proviso shall not apply in the case of an indi-vidual who is neither competent to consent nor has a legal guardian, nor shall the pro-viso apply in the case of individuals who are a ward of the State or subject to public guardianship. O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
GENERAL DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided, for general departmental manage-ment, including hire of six passenger motor vehicles, and for carrying out titles III, XVII, XXI, and section 229 of the PHS Act, the United States-Mexico Border Health Commission Act, and research studies under section 1110 of the Social Security Act, $480,629,000, together with $64,828,000 from the amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out national health or human services research and evaluation ac-tivities: Provided, That of this amount, $53,900,000 shall be for minority AIDS preven-tion and treatment activities: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available under this heading, $101,000,000 shall be for making competitive contracts and grants to public and private entities to fund medically accu-rate and age appropriate programs that re-duce teen pregnancy and for the Federal costs associated with administering and evaluating such contracts and grants, of which not more than 10 percent of the avail-able funds shall be for training and technical assistance, evaluation, outreach, and addi-tional program support activities, and of the remaining amount 75 percent shall be for replicating programs that have been proven effective through rigorous evaluation to re-duce teenage pregnancy, behavioral risk fac-tors underlying teenage pregnancy, or other associated risk factors, and 25 percent shall be available for research and demonstration grants to develop, replicate, refine, and test additional models and innovative strategies for preventing teenage pregnancy: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading from amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act, $6,800,000 shall be available to carry out evaluations (including longitudinal evaluations) of teenage preg-nancy prevention approaches: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available under this heading, $35,000,000 shall be for making competitive grants which exclusively imple-ment education in sexual risk avoidance (de-fined as voluntarily refraining from non- marital sexual activity): Provided further, That funding for such competitive grants for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5650 August 15, 2018 
sexual risk avoidance shall use medically ac-curate information referenced to peer-re-viewed publications by educational, sci-entific, governmental, or health organiza-tions; implement an evidence-based approach integrating research findings with practical implementation that aligns with the needs and desired outcomes for the intended audi-ence; and teach the benefits associated with self-regulation, success sequencing for pov-erty prevention, healthy relationships, goal setting, and resisting sexual coercion, dating violence, and other youth risk behaviors such as underage drinking or illicit drug use without normalizing teen sexual activity: Provided further, That no more than 10 per-cent of the funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall be available for technical assistance and admin-istrative costs of such programs: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act for embryo adoption activities may be used to provide to individuals adopting embryos, through grants and other mechanisms, med-ical and administrative services deemed nec-essary for such adoptions: Provided further, That such services shall be provided con-sistent with 42 CFR 59.5(a)(4). 
OFFICE OF MEDICARE HEARINGS AND APPEALS  For expenses necessary for the Office of Medicare Hearings and Appeals, $182,381,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, to be transferred in appropriate part from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Med-ical Insurance Trust Fund. 
OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL COORDINATOR FOR  
HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  For expenses necessary for the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, including grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements for the development and advancement of interoperable health in-formation technology, $60,367,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General, including the hire of pas-senger motor vehicles for investigations, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $80,000,000: Provided, That of such amount, necessary sums shall be available for providing protective services to the Secretary and investigating non-pay-ment of child support cases for which non- payment is a Federal offense under 18 U.S.C. 228. 
OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS  For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, $38,798,000. 
RETIREMENT PAY AND MEDICAL BENEFITS FOR  
COMMISSIONED OFFICERS  For retirement pay and medical benefits of Public Health Service Commissioned Officers as authorized by law, for payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protection Plan and Survivor Benefit Plan, and for med-ical care of dependents and retired personnel under the Dependents’ Medical Care Act, such amounts as may be required during the current fiscal year. 
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES  
EMERGENCY FUND  For expenses necessary to support activi-ties related to countering potential biologi-cal, nuclear, radiological, chemical, and cy-bersecurity threats to civilian populations, and for other public health emergencies, $1,026,458,000, of which $561,700,000 shall re-main available through September 30, 2020, for expenses necessary to support advanced research and development pursuant to sec-tion 319L of the PHS Act and other adminis-trative expenses of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority: Pro- vided, That funds provided under this head-ing for the purpose of acquisition of security countermeasures shall be in addition to any other funds available for such purpose: Pro- vided further, That products purchased with funds provided under this heading may, at the discretion of the Secretary, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile pursuant to section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That $5,000,000 of the amounts made available to support emergency operations shall remain available through September 30, 2021. For expenses necessary for procuring secu-rity countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act), $735,000,000, to remain available until expended. For an additional amount for expenses nec-essary to prepare for or respond to an influ-enza pandemic, $285,000,000; of which $250,000,000 shall be available until expended, for activities including the development and purchase of vaccine, antivirals, necessary medical supplies, diagnostics, and other sur-veillance tools: Provided, That notwith-standing section 496(b) of the PHS Act, funds may be used for the construction or renova-tion of privately owned facilities for the pro-duction of pandemic influenza vaccines and other biologics, if the Secretary finds such construction or renovation necessary to se-cure sufficient supplies of such vaccines or biologics. GENERAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 201. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for not to exceed $50,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses when specifically approved by the Secretary. S
EC. 202. None of the funds appropriated in this title shall be used to pay the salary of an individual, through a grant or other ex-tramural mechanism, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. S
EC. 203. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended pursuant to sec-tion 241 of the PHS Act, except for funds spe-cifically provided for in this Act, or for other taps and assessments made by any office lo-cated in HHS, prior to the preparation and submission of a report by the Secretary to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate de-tailing the planned uses of such funds. S
EC. 204. Notwithstanding section 241(a) of the PHS Act, such portion as the Secretary shall determine, but not more than 2.6 per-cent, of any amounts appropriated for pro-grams authorized under such Act shall be made available for the evaluation (directly, or by grants or contracts) and the implemen-tation and effectiveness of programs funded in this title. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 205. Not to exceed 1 percent of any dis-cretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the cur-rent fiscal year for HHS in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority grant-ed by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. S
EC. 206. In lieu of the timeframe specified in section 338E(c)(2) of the PHS Act, termi-nations described in such section may occur up to 60 days after the execution of a con-tract awarded in fiscal year 2019 under sec-tion 338B of such Act. S
EC. 207. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be made available to any enti-ty under title X of the PHS Act unless the applicant for the award certifies to the Sec-retary that it encourages family participa-tion in the decision of minors to seek family planning services and that it provides coun-seling to minors on how to resist attempts to coerce minors into engaging in sexual activi-ties. SEC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no provider of services under title X of the PHS Act shall be exempt from any State law requiring notification or the reporting of child abuse, child molestation, sexual abuse, rape, or incest. S
EC. 209. None of the funds appropriated by this Act (including funds appropriated to any trust fund) may be used to carry out the Medicare Advantage program if the Sec-retary denies participation in such program to an otherwise eligible entity (including a Provider Sponsored Organization) because the entity informs the Secretary that it will not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or provide referrals for abortions: Provided, That the Secretary shall make appropriate prospective adjustments to the capitation payment to such an entity (based on an actu-arially sound estimate of the expected costs of providing the service to such entity’s en-rollees): Provided further, That nothing in this section shall be construed to change the Medicare program’s coverage for such serv-ices and a Medicare Advantage organization described in this section shall be responsible for informing enrollees where to obtain in-formation about all Medicare covered serv-ices. S
EC. 210. None of the funds made available in this title may be used, in whole or in part, to advocate or promote gun control. S
EC. 211. The Secretary shall make avail-able through assignment not more than 60 employees of the Public Health Service to assist in child survival activities and to work in AIDS programs through and with funds provided by the Agency for Inter-national Development, the United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund or the World Health Organization. S
EC. 212. In order for HHS to carry out international health activities, including HIV/AIDS and other infectious disease, chronic and environmental disease, and other health activities abroad during fiscal year 2019: (1) The Secretary may exercise authority equivalent to that available to the Secretary of State in section 2(c) of the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956. The Sec-retary shall consult with the Secretary of State and relevant Chief of Mission to ensure that the authority provided in this section is exercised in a manner consistent with sec-tion 207 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 and other applicable statutes administered by the Department of State. (2) The Secretary is authorized to provide such funds by advance or reimbursement to the Secretary of State as may be necessary to pay the costs of acquisition, lease, alter-ation, renovation, and management of facili-ties outside of the United States for the use of HHS. The Department of State shall co-operate fully with the Secretary to ensure that HHS has secure, safe, functional facili-ties that comply with applicable regulation governing location, setback, and other facili-ties requirements and serve the purposes es-tablished by this Act. The Secretary is au-thorized, in consultation with the Secretary of State, through grant or cooperative agree-ment, to make available to public or non-profit private institutions or agencies in par-ticipating foreign countries, funds to ac-quire, lease, alter, or renovate facilities in those countries as necessary to conduct pro-grams of assistance for international health activities, including activities relating to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5651 August 15, 2018 
HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases, chronic and environmental diseases, and other health activities abroad. (3) The Secretary is authorized to provide to personnel appointed or assigned by the Secretary to serve abroad, allowances and benefits similar to those provided under chapter 9 of title I of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, and 22 U.S.C. 4081 through 4086 and subject to such regulations prescribed by the Secretary. The Secretary is further author-ized to provide locality-based comparability payments (stated as a percentage) up to the amount of the locality-based comparability payment (stated as a percentage) that would be payable to such personnel under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code if such per-sonnel’s official duty station were in the Dis-trict of Columbia. Leaves of absence for per-sonnel under this subsection shall be on the same basis as that provided under sub-chapter I of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, or section 903 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, to individuals serving in the Foreign Service. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 213. The Director of the NIH, jointly with the Director of the Office of AIDS Re-search, may transfer up to 3 percent among institutes and centers from the total amounts identified by these two Directors as funding for research pertaining to the human immunodeficiency virus: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are noti-fied at least 15 days in advance of any trans-fer. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 214. Of the amounts made available in this Act for NIH, the amount for research re-lated to the human immunodeficiency virus, as jointly determined by the Director of NIH and the Director of the Office of AIDS Re-search, shall be made available to the ‘‘Of-fice of AIDS Research’’ account. The Direc-tor of the Office of AIDS Research shall transfer from such account amounts nec-essary to carry out section 2353(d)(3) of the PHS Act. S
EC. 215. (a) A UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Director of NIH (‘‘Director’’) may use funds authorized under section 402(b)(12) of the PHS Act to enter into transactions (other than con-tracts, cooperative agreements, or grants) to carry out research identified pursuant to or research and activities described in such sec-tion 402(b)(12). (b) P
EERREVIEW .—In entering into trans-actions under subsection (a), the Director may utilize such peer review procedures (in-cluding consultation with appropriate sci-entific experts) as the Director determines to be appropriate to obtain assessments of scientific and technical merit. Such proce-dures shall apply to such transactions in lieu of the peer review and advisory council re-view procedures that would otherwise be re-quired under sections 301(a)(3), 405(b)(1)(B), 405(b)(2), 406(a)(3)(A), 492, and 494 of the PHS Act. S
EC. 216. Not to exceed $45,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act to the institutes and centers of the National Institutes of Health may be used for alteration, repair, or improvement of facilities, as necessary for the proper and efficient conduct of the ac-tivities authorized herein, at not to exceed $3,500,000 per project. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 217. Of the amounts made available for NIH, 1 percent of the amount made avail-able for National Research Service Awards (‘‘NRSA’’) shall be made available to the Ad-ministrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration to make NRSA awards for research in primary medical care to individuals affiliated with entities who have received grants or contracts under sec-tions 736, 739, or 747 of the PHS Act, and 1 percent of the amount made available for NRSA shall be made available to the Direc-tor of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to make NRSA awards for health service research. SEC. 218. (a) The Biomedical Advanced Re-search and Development Authority (‘‘BARDA’’) may enter into a contract, for more than one but no more than 10 program years, for purchase of research services or of security countermeasures, as that term is defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(c)(1)(B)), if— (1) funds are available and obligated— (A) for the full period of the contract or for the first fiscal year in which the contract is in effect; and (B) for the estimated costs associated with a necessary termination of the contract; and (2) the Secretary determines that a multi- year contract will serve the best interests of the Federal Government by encouraging full and open competition or promoting economy in administration, performance, and oper-ation of BARDA’s programs. (b) A contract entered into under this sec-tion— (1) shall include a termination clause as described by subsection (c) of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code; and (2) shall be subject to the congressional no-tice requirement stated in subsection (d) of such section. S
EC. 219. (a) The Secretary shall publish in the fiscal year 2020 budget justification and on Departmental Web sites information con-cerning the employment of full-time equiva-lent Federal employees or contractors for the purposes of implementing, admin-istering, enforcing, or otherwise carrying out the provisions of the ACA, and the amend-ments made by that Act, in the proposed fis-cal year and each fiscal year since the enact-ment of the ACA. (b) With respect to employees or contrac-tors supported by all funds appropriated for purposes of carrying out the ACA (and the amendments made by that Act), the Sec-retary shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing information: (1) For each such fiscal year, the section of such Act under which such funds were appro-priated, a statement indicating the program, project, or activity receiving such funds, the Federal operating division or office that ad-ministers such program, and the amount of funding received in discretionary or manda-tory appropriations. (2) For each such fiscal year, the number of full-time equivalent employees or contracted employees assigned to each authorized and funded provision detailed in accordance with paragraph (1). (c) In carrying out this section, the Sec-retary may exclude from the report employ-ees or contractors who— (1) are supported through appropriations enacted in laws other than the ACA and work on programs that existed prior to the passage of the ACA; (2) spend less than 50 percent of their time on activities funded by or newly authorized in the ACA; or (3) work on contracts for which FTE re-porting is not a requirement of their con-tract, such as fixed-price contracts. S
EC. 220. The Secretary shall publish, as part of the fiscal year 2020 budget of the President submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, information that details the uses of all funds used by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services specifically for Health Insurance Exchanges for each fiscal year since the enactment of the ACA and the proposed uses for such funds for fiscal year 2020. Such information shall include, for each such fiscal year, the amount of funds used for each activity speci-fied under the heading ‘‘Health Insurance Exchange Transparency’’ in the report ac-companying this Act. SEC. 221. (a) The Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: (1) Detailed monthly enrollment figures from the Exchanges established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 pertaining to enrollments during the open enrollment period; and (2) Notification of any new or competitive grant awards, including supplements, au-thorized under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act. (b) The Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate must be notified at least 2 business days in advance of any pub-lic release of enrollment information or the award of such grants. S
EC. 222. None of the funds made available by this Act from the Federal Hospital Insur-ance Trust Fund or the Federal Supple-mental Medical Insurance Trust Fund, or transferred from other accounts funded by this Act to the ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services—Program Management’’ account, may be used for payments under section 1342(b)(1) of Public Law 111–148 (relat-ing to risk corridors). S
EC. 223. The Secretary shall include in the fiscal year 2020 budget justification an anal-ysis of how section 2713 of the PHS Act will impact eligibility for discretionary HHS pro-grams. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 224. (a) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transfer funds appropriated under section 4002 of the ACA to the accounts specified, in the amounts specified, and for the activities specified under the heading ‘‘Prevention and Public Health Fund’’ in the report accompanying this Act. (b) Notwithstanding section 4002(c) of the ACA, the Secretary may not further transfer these amounts. (c) Funds transferred for activities author-ized under section 2821 of the PHS Act shall be made available without reference to sec-tion 2821(b) of such Act. S
EC. 225. Effective during the period begin-ning on November 1, 2015 and ending January 1, 2021, any provision of law that refers (in-cluding through cross-reference to another provision of law) to the current rec-ommendations of the United States Preven-tive Services Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention shall be administered by the Sec-retary involved as if— (1) such reference to such current rec-ommendations were a reference to the rec-ommendations of such Task Force with re-spect to breast cancer screening, mammog-raphy, and prevention last issued before 2009; and (2) such recommendations last issued be-fore 2009 applied to any screening mammog-raphy modality under section 1861(jj) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(jj)). S
EC. 226. In making Federal financial as-sistance, the provisions relating to indirect costs in part 75 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, including with respect to the approval of deviations from negotiated rates, shall continue to apply to the National Insti-tutes of Health to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions were applied in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior Acts or otherwise made available to the De-partment of Health and Human Services or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5652 August 15, 2018 
to any department or agency may be used to develop or implement a modified approach to such provisions, or to intentionally or sub-stantially expand the fiscal effect of the ap-proval of such deviations from negotiated rates beyond the proportional effect of such approvals in such quarter. S
EC. 227. In addition to the amounts other-wise available for ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Program Management’’, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may transfer up to $305,000,000 to such ac-count from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund to support program management activity related to the Medicare Program: Provided, That except for the foregoing purpose, such funds may not be used to support any provision of Public Law 111–148 or Public Law 111–152 (or any amend-ment made by either such Public Law) or to supplant any other amounts within such ac-count. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 228. The NIH Director may transfer funds specifically appropriated for opioid ad-diction, opioid alternatives, pain manage-ment, and addiction treatment to other In-stitutes and Centers of the NIH to be used for the same purpose 15 days after notifying the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That the transfer authority provided in the previous proviso is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. S
EC. 229. None of the funds made available by this Act to carry out the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 may be provided to any child care provider if a list of providers (as mentioned in part 98 of title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, appli-cable to the Department of Health and Human Services, Administration of Children and Families, and in the final rule published in the Federal Register, Vol. 81, No. 190, on Sept. 30, 2016) indicates that a serious injury or death occurred at the provider due to a substantiated health or safety violation. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 230. Of the unobligated balances avail-able in the ‘‘Nonrecurring Expenses Fund’’ established in section 223 of division G of Public Law 110–161, $350,000,000 are hereby re-scinded. S
EC. 231. Not later than the 15th day of each month, the Department of Health and Human Services shall provide the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and Senate a report on staffing described in the report accompanying this Act. S
EC. 232. Funds appropriated in this Act that are available for salaries and expenses of employees of the Department of Health and Human Services shall also be available to pay travel and related expenses of such an employee or of a member of his or her fam-ily, when such employee is assigned to duty, in the United States or in a U.S. territory, during a period and in a location that are the subject of a determination of a public health emergency under section 319 of the Public Health Service Act and such travel is nec-essary to obtain medical care for an illness, injury, or medical condition that cannot be adequately addressed in that location at that time. For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘U.S. territory’’ means Guam, the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, or the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services Appropria-tions Act, 2019’’. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION E
DUCATION FOR THE DISADVANTAGED  For carrying out title I and subpart 2 of part B of title II of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘ESEA’’) and section 418A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘HEA’’), $16,568,790,000, of which $5,650,990,000 shall become available on July 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, and of which $10,841,177,000 shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for academic year 2019–2020: Provided, That $6,459,401,000 shall be for basic grants under section 1124 of the ESEA: Provided further, That up to $5,000,000 of these funds shall be available to the Secretary of Education (referred to in this title as ‘‘Secretary’’) on October 1, 2018, to obtain annually updated local educational agency-level census poverty data from the Bureau of the Census: Provided further, That $1,362,301,000 shall be for concentration grants under section 1124A of the ESEA: Pro- vided further, That $4,031,550,000 shall be for targeted grants under section 1125 of the ESEA: Provided further, That $4,031,550,000 shall be for education finance incentive grants under section 1125A of the ESEA: Pro- vided further, That $217,000,000 shall be for carrying out subpart 2 of part B of title II: Provided further, That $44,623,000 shall be for carrying out section 418A of the HEA. IMPACT AID For carrying out programs of financial as-sistance to federally affected schools author-ized by title VII of the ESEA, $1,439,112,000, of which $1,294,242,000 shall be for basic sup-port payments under section 7003(b), $48,316,000 shall be for payments for children with disabilities under section 7003(d), $17,406,000, to remain available for obligation through September 30, 2020, shall be for con-struction under section 7007(b), $74,313,000 shall be for Federal property payments under section 7002, and $4,835,000, to remain avail-able until expended, shall be for facilities maintenance under section 7008: Provided, That for purposes of computing the amount of a payment for an eligible local edu-cational agency under section 7003(a) for school year 2018–2019, children enrolled in a school of such agency that would otherwise be eligible for payment under section 7003(a)(1)(B) of such Act, but due to the de-ployment of both parents or legal guardians, or a parent or legal guardian having sole cus-tody of such children, or due to the death of a military parent or legal guardian while on active duty (so long as such children reside on Federal property as described in section 7003(a)(1)(B)), are no longer eligible under such section, shall be considered as eligible students under such section, provided such students remain in average daily attendance at a school in the same local educational agency they attended prior to their change in eligibility status. S
CHOOL IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS  For carrying out school improvement ac-tivities authorized by part B of title I, part A of title II, subpart 1 of part A of title IV, part B of title IV, part B of title V, and parts B and C of title VI of the ESEA; the McKin-ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act; section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002; the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003; and the Civil Rights Act of 1964, $5,291,967,000, of which $3,463,402,000 shall become available on July 1, 2019, and remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2020, and of which $1,681,441,000 shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2020, for academic year 2019–2020: Provided, That $378,000,000 shall be for part B of title I: Provided further, That $1,211,673,000 shall be for part B of title IV: Provided fur-ther, That $36,397,000 shall be for part B of title VI and may be used for construction, renovation, and modernization of any ele-mentary school, secondary school, or struc-ture related to an elementary school or sec-ondary school, run by the Department of Education of the State of Hawaii, that serves a predominantly Native Hawaiian student body: Provided further, That $35,453,000 shall be for part C of title VI and shall be awarded on a competitive basis, and also may be used for construction: Provided further, That $52,000,000 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 203 of the Educational Technical Assist-ance Act of 2002 and the Secretary shall make such arrangements as determined to be necessary to ensure that the Bureau of In-dian Education has access to services pro-vided under this section: Provided further, That $16,699,000 shall be available to carry out the Supplemental Education Grants pro-gram for the Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of the Marshall Islands: Provided further, That the Secretary may re-serve up to 5 percent of the amount referred to in the previous proviso to provide tech-nical assistance in the implementation of these grants: Provided further, That $180,840,000 shall be for part B of title V: Pro- vided further, That $1,225,000,000 shall be available for grants under subpart 1 of part A of title IV. INDIAN EDUCATION  For expenses necessary to carry out, to the extent not otherwise provided, title VI, part A of the ESEA, $180,239,000, of which $67,993,000 shall be for subpart 2 of part A of title VI and $6,865,000 shall be for subpart 3 of part A of title VI. I
NNOVATION AND IMPROVEMENT  For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 1, 3 and 4 of part B of title II, and parts C, D, and E and subparts 1 and 4 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $1,042,256,000: Pro- vided, That $278,515,000 shall be for subparts 1, 3 and 4 of part B of title II and shall be made available without regard to sections 2201, 2231(b) and 2241: Provided further, That $628,741,000 shall be for parts C, D, and E and subpart 4 of part F of title IV, and shall be made available without regard to sections 4311, 4409(a), and 4601 of the ESEA: Provided further, That section 4303(d)(3)(A)(i) shall not apply to the funds available for part C of title IV: Provided further, That of the funds available for part C of title IV, the Secretary shall use $55,000,000 to carry out section 4304, of which not more than $10,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 4304(k), $140,000,000, to remain available through March 31, 2020, to carry out section 4305(b), and not more than $15,000,000 to carry out the activities in section 4305(a)(3): Provided further, That notwithstanding section 4601(b), $135,000,000 shall be available through December 31, 2019 for subpart 1 of part F of title IV. S
AFESCHOOLS AND CITIZENSHIP EDUCATION  For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 2 and 3 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $190,754,000: Provided, That $95,000,000 shall be available for section 4631, of which up to $5,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for the Project School Emergency Response to Violence (‘‘Project SERV’’) program: Provided further, That $17,500,000 shall be available for section 4625: Provided further, That $78,254,000 shall be available through December 31, 2019, for sec-tion 4624. E
NGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION  For carrying out part A of title III of the ESEA, $737,400,000, which shall become avail-able on July 1, 2019, and shall remain avail-able through September 30, 2020, except that 6.5 percent of such amount shall be available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, to carry out ac-tivities under section 3111(c)(1)(C). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5653 August 15, 2018 
SPECIAL EDUCATION  For carrying out the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act (IDEA) and the Spe-cial Olympics Sport and Empowerment Act of 2004, $13,493,684,000, of which $3,970,585,000 shall become available on July 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, and of which $9,283,383,000 shall be-come available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for academic year 2019–2020: Provided, That the amount for section 611(b)(2) of the IDEA shall be equal to the lesser of the amount available for that activity during fiscal year 2018, increased by the amount of inflation as specified in section 619(d)(2)(B) of the IDEA, or the percent change in the funds appro-priated under section 611(i) of the IDEA, but not less than the amount for that activity during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, without regard to sec-tion 611(d) of the IDEA, distribute to all other States (as that term is defined in sec-tion 611(g)(2)), subject to the third proviso, any amount by which a State’s allocation under section 611, from funds appropriated under this heading, is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B), according to the following: 85 percent on the basis of the States’ relative populations of children aged 3 through 21 who are of the same age as children with dis-abilities for whom the State ensures the availability of a free appropriate public edu-cation under this part, and 15 percent to States on the basis of the States’ relative populations of those children who are living in poverty: Provided further, That the Sec-retary may not distribute any funds under the previous proviso to any State whose re-duction in allocation from funds appro-priated under this heading made funds avail-able for such a distribution: Provided further, That the States shall allocate such funds dis-tributed under the second proviso to local educational agencies in accordance with sec-tion 611(f): Provided further, That the amount by which a State’s allocation under section 611(d) of the IDEA is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B) and the amounts distributed to States under the previous provisos in fiscal year 2012 or any subsequent year shall not be considered in calculating the awards under section 611(d) for fiscal year 2013 or for any subsequent fiscal years: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the provision in sec-tion 612(a)(18)(B) regarding the fiscal year in which a State’s allocation under section 611(d) is reduced for failure to comply with the requirement of section 612(a)(18)(A), the Secretary may apply the reduction specified in section 612(a)(18)(B) over a period of con-secutive fiscal years, not to exceed five, until the entire reduction is applied: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary may, in any fiscal year in which a State’s allocation under section 611 is reduced in accordance with section 612(a)(18)(B), reduce the amount a State may reserve under section 611(e)(1) by an amount that bears the same relation to the maximum amount described in that paragraph as the reduction under section 612(a)(18)(B) bears to the total allocation the State would have received in that fiscal year under section 611(d) in the absence of the re-duction: Provided further, That the Secretary shall either reduce the allocation of funds under section 611 for any fiscal year fol-lowing the fiscal year for which the State fails to comply with the requirement of sec-tion 612(a)(18)(A) as authorized by section 612(a)(18)(B), or seek to recover funds under section 452 of the General Education Provi-sions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234a): Provided further, That the funds reserved under 611(c) of the IDEA may be used to provide technical as-sistance to States to improve the capacity of the States to meet the data collection re-quirements of sections 616 and 618 and to ad-minister and carry out other services and ac-tivities to improve data collection, coordina-tion, quality, and use under parts B and C of the IDEA: Provided further, That the Sec-retary may use funds made available for the State Personnel Development Grants pro-gram under part D, subpart 1 of IDEA to evaluate program performance under such subpart. R
EHABILITATION SERVICES  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Helen Keller National Center Act, $3,656,189,000, of which $3,521,990,000 shall be for grants for vocational rehabilitation serv-ices under title I of the Rehabilitation Act: Provided, That the Secretary may use amounts provided in this Act that remain available subsequent to the reallotment of funds to States pursuant to section 110(b) of the Rehabilitation Act for innovative activi-ties aimed at improving the outcomes of in-dividuals with disabilities as defined in sec-tion 7(20)(B) of the Rehabilitation Act, in-cluding activities aimed at improving the education and post-school outcomes of chil-dren receiving Supplemental Security In-come (‘‘SSI’’) and their families that may re-sult in long-term improvement in the SSI child recipient’s economic status and self- sufficiency: Provided further, That States may award subgrants for a portion of the funds to other public and private, nonprofit entities: Provided further, That any funds made available subsequent to reallotment for innovative activities aimed at improving the outcomes of individuals with disabilities shall remain available until September 30, 2020. S
PECIAL INSTITUTIONS FOR PERSONS WITH D
ISABILITIES  
AMERICAN PRINTING HOUSE FOR THE BLIND  For carrying out the Act to promote the Education of the Blind of March 3, 1879, $30,431,000. 
NATIONAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE FOR THE DEAF  For the National Technical Institute for the Deaf under titles I and II of the Edu-cation of the Deaf Act of 1986, $76,500,000: Pro- vided, That from the total amount available, the Institute may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. 
GALLAUDET UNIVERSITY  For the Kendall Demonstration Elemen-tary School, the Model Secondary School for the Deaf, and the partial support of Gal-laudet University under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $133,000,000: Provided, That from the total amount available, the University may at its discretion use funds for the endowment pro-gram as authorized under section 207 of such Act. C
AREER , TECHNICAL , ANDADULT EDUCATION  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (‘‘AEFLA’’), $1,855,686,000, of which $1,064,686,000 shall become available on July 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, and of which $791,000,000 shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That of the amounts made available for AEFLA, $13,712,000 shall be for national leadership ac-tivities under section 242. S
TUDENT FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE  For carrying out subparts 1, 3, and 10 of part A, and part C of title IV of the HEA, $24,445,352,000, which shall remain available through September 30, 2020. The maximum Pell Grant for which a stu-dent shall be eligible during award year 2019– 2020 shall be $5,135. STUDENT AIDADMINISTRATION  For Federal administrative expenses to carry out part D of title I, and subparts 1, 3, 9, and 10 of part A, and parts B, C, D, and E of title IV of the HEA, and subpart 1 of part A of title VII of the Public Health Service Act, $1,678,943,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Secretary shall allocate new student loan borrower accounts to eligible student loan servicers on the basis of their perform-ance compared to all loan servicers utilizing established common metrics, and on the basis of the capacity of each servicer to proc-ess new and existing accounts: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall allow student loan borrowers who are consolidating Fed-eral student loans to select from any student loan servicer to service their new consoli-dated student loan under the current student loan servicing contracts: Provided further, That in order to promote accountability and high-quality service to borrowers, the Sec-retary shall not award funding for any con-tract solicitation for a new Federal student loan servicing environment, including the solicitation for the FSA Next Generation Processing and Servicing Environment as amended by the Department of Education on February 20, 2018, unless such an environ-ment provides for the participation of mul-tiple student loan servicers that contract di-rectly with the Department of Education to manage a unique portfolio of borrower ac-counts and the full life-cycle of loans from disbursement to pay-off with certain limited exceptions, and allocates student loan bor-rower accounts to eligible student loan servicers based on performance: Provided fur-ther, That such servicers described in the previous proviso shall be evaluated based on their ability to meet contract requirements, future performance on the contracts, and history of compliance with applicable con-sumer protections laws: Provided further, That to the extent Federal Student Aid (FSA) permits student loan servicing subcon-tracting, FSA shall hold such subcontractors accountable for meeting the requirements of the contract: Provided further, That FSA shall create a fee structure with contractors that provides more support to borrowers at risk of being distressed. H
IGHER EDUCATION  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, titles II, III, IV, V, VI, and VII of the HEA, the Mutual Educational and Cul-tural Exchange Act of 1961, and section 117 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, $2,260,551,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this Act to carry out title VI of the HEA and section 102(b)(6) of the Mutual Educational and Cul-tural Exchange Act of 1961 may be used to support visits and study in foreign countries by individuals who are participating in ad-vanced foreign language training and inter-national studies in areas that are vital to United States national security and who plan to apply their language skills and knowledge of these countries in the fields of government, the professions, or inter-national development: Provided further, That of the funds referred to in the preceding pro-viso up to 1 percent may be used for program evaluation, national outreach, and informa-tion dissemination activities: Provided fur-ther, That up to 1.5 percent of the funds made available under chapter 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the HEA may be used for evaluation. H
OWARD UNIVERSITY  For partial support of Howard University, $236,518,000, of which not less than $3,405,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5654 August 15, 2018 
shall be for a matching endowment grant pursuant to the Howard University Endow-ment Act and shall remain available until expended. C
OLLEGE HOUSING AND ACADEMIC FACILITIES  L
OANS PROGRAM  For Federal administrative expenses to carry out activities related to existing facil-ity loans pursuant to section 121 of the HEA, $435,000. H
ISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGE AND UNIVER -
SITY CAPITAL FINANCING PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans, $20,150,000, as authorized pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, which shall remain available through September 30, 2020: Pro- vided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $580,000,000: Provided further, That these funds may be used to support loans to public and private Historically Black Col-leges and Universities without regard to the limitations within section 344(a) of the HEA. In addition, $10,000,000 shall be made avail-able to provide for the deferment of loans made under part D of title III of the HEA to eligible institutions that are private Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities, which apply for the deferment of such a loan and demonstrate financial need for such deferment by having a score of 2.6 or less on the Department of Education’s financial re-sponsibility test: Provided, That during the period of deferment of such a loan, interest on the loan will not accrue or be capitalized, and the period of deferment shall be for at least a period of 3-fiscal years and not more than 6-fiscal years: Provided further, That when determining priority for such institu-tions to receive such a deferment, the Sec-retary shall give priority to institutions that operated in a financial deficit for at least one of the previous 5 years according to au-dits provided to the Department, or were sanctioned for financial related reasons by the agency or association that accredited such institutions: Provided further, That the Secretary shall create and execute an out-reach plan to work with States and the Cap-ital Financing Advisory Board to improve outreach to States and help additional public Historically Black Colleges and Universities participate in the program. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the Historically Black College and University Capital Financing Program en-tered into pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, $334,000. I
NSTITUTE OF EDUCATION SCIENCES  For carrying out activities authorized by the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002, the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act, section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and section 664 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, $615,462,000, which shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That funds avail-able to carry out section 208 of the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act may be used to link Statewide elementary and sec-ondary data systems with early childhood, postsecondary, and workforce data systems, or to further develop such systems: Provided further, That up to $6,000,000 of the funds available to carry out section 208 of the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act may be used for awards to public or private organi-zations or agencies to support activities to improve data coordination, quality, and use at the local, State, and national levels. DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION  For carrying out, to the extent not other-wise provided, the Department of Education Organization Act, including rental of con-ference rooms in the District of Columbia and hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $430,000,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the Department of Education available for obligation or expend-iture in the current fiscal year may be used for any activity relating to implementing a reorganization that decentralizes, reduces the staffing level, or alters the responsibil-ities, structure, authority, or functionality of the Budget Service of the Department of Education, relative to the organization and operation of the Budget Service as in effect on January 1, 2018. 
OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS  For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, as authorized by section 203 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $125,000,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General, as authorized by section 212 of the Department of Education Organiza-tion Act, $61,143,000. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. No funds appropriated in this Act may be used to prevent the implementation of programs of voluntary prayer and medita-tion in the public schools. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 302. Not to exceed 1 percent of any dis-cretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the De-partment of Education in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority grant-ed by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. S
EC. 303. Section 105(f)(1)(B)(ix) of the Com-pact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (48 U.S.C. 1921d(f)(1)(B)(ix)) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘‘2019’’ for ‘‘2009’’. S
EC. 304. Funds appropriated in this Act and consolidated for evaluation purposes under section 8601(c) of the ESEA shall be available from July 1, 2019, through Sep-tember 30, 2020. S
EC. 305. (a) An institution of higher edu-cation that maintains an endowment fund supported with funds appropriated for title III or V of the HEA for fiscal year 2019 may use the income from that fund to award scholarships to students, subject to the limi-tation in section 331(c)(3)(B)(i) of the HEA. The use of such income for such purposes, prior to the enactment of this Act, shall be considered to have been an allowable use of that income, subject to that limitation. (b) Subsection (a) shall be in effect until ti-tles III and V of the HEA are reauthorized. S
EC. 306. Section 114(f) of the HEA (20 U.S.C. 1011c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. S
EC. 307. Section 458(a) of the HEA (20 U.S.C. 1087h(a)) is amended in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 308. Of the unobligated balances avail-able under the heading ‘‘Student Financial Assistance’’ for carrying out subpart 1 of part A of title IV of the HEA, $600,000,000 are hereby rescinded. SEC. 309. Section 401(b)(7)(A)(iv)(IX) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a(b)(7)(A)(iv)(IX)) is amended by striking ‘‘$1,409,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,370,000,000’’. S
EC. 310. (a) An institution of higher edu-cation may, with explicit written consent of an applicant who has completed a FAFSA under such section 483(a), provide such infor-mation collected from the applicant’s FAFSA as is necessary to a scholarship granting organization, including a tribal or-ganization (defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)), or to an organiza-tion assisting the applicant in applying for and receiving Federal, State, local, or tribal assistance, that is designated by the appli-cant to assist the applicant in applying for and receiving financial assistance for any component of the applicant’s cost of attend-ance (defined in section 472 of the HEA) at that institution. (b) An organization that receives informa-tion pursuant to subsection (a) shall not sell or otherwise share such information. (c) This section shall be in effect until title IV of the HEA is reauthorized. S
EC. 311. For an additional amount for ‘‘Department of Education—Federal Direct Student Loan Program Account’’, $350,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for the cost, as defined under section 502 of the Congressional Budg-et Act of 1974, of the Secretary of Education providing loan cancellation in the same manner as under section 455(m) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(m)), for borrowers of loans made under part D of title IV of such Act who would qualify for loan cancellation under section 455(m) except some, or all, of the 120 required payments under section 455(m)(1)(A) do not qualify for purposes of the program because they were monthly payments made in accordance with graduated or extended repayment plans as described under subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 455(d)(1) or the corresponding repay-ment plan for a consolidation loan made under section 455(g) and that were less than the amount calculated under section 455(d)(1)(A), based on a 10-year repayment pe-riod: Provided, That the monthly payment made 12 months before the borrower applied for loan cancellation as described in the matter preceding this proviso and the most recent monthly payment made by the bor-rower at the time of such application were each not less than the monthly amount that would be calculated under, and for which the borrower would otherwise qualify for, clause (i) or (iv) of section 455(m)(1)(A) regarding in-come-based or income-contingent repayment plans, with exception for a borrower who would have otherwise been eligible under this section but demonstrates an unusual fluctuation of income over the past 5 years: Provided further, That the total loan volume, including outstanding principal, fees, cap-italized interest, or accrued interest, at ap-plication that is eligible for such loan can-cellation by such borrowers shall not exceed $500,000,000: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall develop and make available a simple method for borrowers to apply for loan cancellation under this section within 60 days of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide loan cancellation under this section to eligi-ble borrowers on a first-come, first-serve basis, based on the date of application and subject to both the limitation on total loan volume at application for such loan cancella-tion specified in the second proviso and the availability of appropriations under this sec-tion: Provided further, That no borrower may, for the same service, receive a reduction of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5655 August 15, 2018 
loan obligations under both this section and section 428J, 428K, 428L, or 460 of such Act. S
EC. 312. Of the amounts made available under this title under the heading ‘‘Student Aid Administration’’, $2,300,000 shall be used by the Secretary of Education to conduct outreach to borrowers of loans made under part D of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 who may intend to qualify for loan cancellation under section 455(m) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1087e(m)), to ensure that borrowers are meeting the terms and condi-tions of such loan cancellation: Provided, That the Secretary shall specifically conduct outreach to assist borrowers who would qual-ify for loan cancellation under section 455(m) of such Act except that the borrower has made some, or all, of the 120 required pay-ments under a repayment plan that is not described under section 455(m)(A) of such Act, to encourage borrowers to enroll in a qualifying repayment plan: Provided further, That the Secretary shall also communicate to all Direct Loan borrowers the full require-ments of section 455(m) of such Act and im-prove the filing of employment certification by providing improved outreach and infor-mation such as outbound calls, electronic communications, ensuring prominent access to program requirements and benefits on each servicer’s website, and creating an op-tion for all borrowers to complete the entire payment certification process electronically and on a centralized website. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Education Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE IV RELATED AGENCIES C
OMMITTEE FOR PURCHASE FROMPEOPLE WHO A
REBLIND OR SEVERELY DISABLED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled established under section 8502 of title 41, United States Code, $8,250,000: Provided, That in order to authorize any cen-tral nonprofit agency designated pursuant to section 8503(c) of title 41, United States Code, to perform contract requirements of the Committee as prescribed under section 51–3.2 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, the Committee shall enter into a written agree-ment with any such central nonprofit agen-cy: Provided further, That such agreement en-tered into under the preceding proviso shall contain such auditing, oversight, and report-ing provisions as necessary to implement chapter 85 of title 41, United States Code: Provided further, That such agreement shall include the elements listed under this head-ing in the explanatory statement accom-panying Public Law 114–113: Provided further, That a fee may not be charged under section 51–3.5 of title 41, Code of Federal Regula-tions, unless such fee is under the terms of the written agreement between the Com-mittee and any such central nonprofit agen-cy: Provided further, That no less than $1,250,000 shall be available for the Office of Inspector General. C
ORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY  S
ERVICE  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Corporation for National and Community Service (re-ferred to in this title as ‘‘CNCS’’) to carry out the Domestic Volunteer Service Act of 1973 (referred to in this title as ‘‘1973 Act’’) and the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (referred to in this title as ‘‘1990 Act’’), $770,629,000, notwithstanding sections 198B(b)(3), 198S(g), 501(a)(4)(C), and 501(a)(4)(F) of the 1990 Act: Provided, That of the amounts provided under this heading: (1) up to 1 percent of program grant funds may be used to defray the costs of conducting grant application reviews, including the use of outside peer reviewers and electronic management of the grants cycle; (2) $17,538,000 shall be available to provide as-sistance to State commissions on national and community service, under section 126(a) of the 1990 Act and notwithstanding section 501(a)(5)(B) of the 1990 Act; (3) $32,000,000 shall be available to carry out subtitle E of the 1990 Act; and (4) $5,400,000 shall be avail-able for expenses authorized under section 501(a)(4)(F) of the 1990 Act, which, notwith-standing the provisions of section 198P shall be awarded by CNCS on a competitive basis: Provided further, That for the purposes of car-rying out the 1990 Act, satisfying the re-quirements in section 122(c)(1)(D) may in-clude a determination of need by the local community. PAYMENT TO THE NATIONAL SERVICE TRUST  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payment to the National Service Trust established under subtitle D of title I of the 1990 Act, $198,163,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That CNCS may transfer additional funds from the amount provided within ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ allo-cated to grants under subtitle C of title I of the 1990 Act to the National Service Trust upon determination that such transfer is necessary to support the activities of na-tional service participants and after notice is transmitted to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That amounts appropriated for or transferred to the National Service Trust may be invested under section 145(b) of the 1990 Act without regard to the requirement to apportion funds under 31 U.S.C. 1513(b). 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of administration as provided under section 501(a)(5) of the 1990 Act and under section 504(a) of the 1973 Act, including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, the employment of experts and consultants authorized under 5 U.S.C. 3109, and not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $83,737,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the Inspec-tor General Act of 1978, $5,750,000. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 401. CNCS shall make any significant changes to program requirements, service delivery or policy only through public notice and comment rulemaking. For fiscal year 2019, during any grant selection process, an officer or employee of CNCS shall not know-ingly disclose any covered grant selection in-formation regarding such selection, directly or indirectly, to any person other than an of-ficer or employee of CNCS that is authorized by CNCS to receive such information. S
EC. 402. AmeriCorps programs receiving grants under the National Service Trust pro-gram shall meet an overall minimum share requirement of 24 percent for the first 3 years that they receive AmeriCorps funding, and thereafter shall meet the overall min-imum share requirement as provided in sec-tion 2521.60 of title 45, Code of Federal Regu-lations, without regard to the operating costs match requirement in section 121(e) or the member support Federal share limita-tions in section 140 of the 1990 Act, and sub-ject to partial waiver consistent with section 2521.70 of title 45, Code of Federal Regula-tions. S
EC. 403. Donations made to CNCS under section 196 of the 1990 Act for the purposes of financing programs and operations under ti-tles I and II of the 1973 Act or subtitle B, C, D, or E of title I of the 1990 Act shall be used to supplement and not supplant current pro-grams and operations. SEC. 404. In addition to the requirements in section 146(a) of the 1990 Act, use of an edu-cational award for the purpose described in section 148(a)(4) shall be limited to individ-uals who are veterans as defined under sec-tion 101 of the Act. S
EC. 405. For the purpose of carrying out section 189D of the 1990 Act— (1) entities described in paragraph (a) of such section shall be considered ‘‘qualified entities’’ under section 3 of the National Child Protection Act of 1993 (‘‘NCPA’’); (2) individuals described in such section shall be considered ‘‘volunteers’’ under sec-tion 3 of NCPA; and (3) State Commissions on National and Community Service established pursuant to section 178 of the 1990 Act, are authorized to receive criminal history record information, consistent with Public Law 92–544. S
EC. 406. Notwithstanding sections 139(b), 146 and 147 of the 1990 Act, an individual who successfully completes a term of service of not less than 1,200 hours during a period of not more than one year may receive a na-tional service education award having a value of 70 percent of the value of a national service education award determined under section 147(a) of the Act. C
ORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING  For payment to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (‘‘CPB’’), as authorized by the Communications Act of 1934, an amount which shall be available within limitations specified by that Act, for the fiscal year 2021, $445,000,000: Provided, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to pay for receptions, parties, or similar forms of entertainment for Government offi-cials or employees: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be available or used to aid or support any program or activity from which any person is excluded, or is denied benefits, or is discriminated against, on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, or sex: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to apply any political test or qualification in selecting, appointing, promoting, or taking any other personnel action with respect to officers, agents, and employees of CPB: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to support the Television Future Fund or any similar purpose. In addition, for the costs associated with replacing and upgrading the public broad-casting interconnection system and other technologies and services that create infra-structure and efficiencies within the public media system, $20,000,000. F
EDERAL MEDIATION AND CONCILIATION  S
ERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Me-diation and Conciliation Service (‘‘Service’’) to carry out the functions vested in it by the Labor-Management Relations Act, 1947, in-cluding hire of passenger motor vehicles; for expenses necessary for the Labor-Manage-ment Cooperation Act of 1978; and for ex-penses necessary for the Service to carry out the functions vested in it by the Civil Serv-ice Reform Act, $46,650,000, including up to $900,000 to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2020, for activities authorized by the Labor-Management Cooperation Act of 1978: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, fees charged, up to full-cost re-covery, for special training activities and other conflict resolution services and tech-nical assistance, including those provided to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5656 August 15, 2018 
foreign governments and international orga-nizations, and for arbitration services shall be credited to and merged with this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That fees for arbitration services shall be available only for edu-cation, training, and professional develop-ment of the agency workforce: Provided fur-ther, That the Director of the Service is au-thorized to accept and use on behalf of the United States gifts of services and real, per-sonal, or other property in the aid of any projects or functions within the Director’s jurisdiction. F
EDERAL MINESAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  C
OMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, $17,184,000. I
NSTITUTE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES  
OFFICE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES : 
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For carrying out the Museum and Library Services Act of 1996 and the National Mu-seum of African American History and Cul-ture Act, $242,000,000. M
EDICAID AND CHIP P AYMENT AND ACCESS  C
OMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out sec-tion 1900 of the Social Security Act, $8,480,000. M
EDICARE PAYMENT ADVISORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out sec-tion 1805 of the Social Security Act, $12,545,000, to be transferred to this appro-priation from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. N
ATIONAL COUNCIL ON DISABILITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the National Council on Disability as authorized by title IV of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, $3,250,000. N
ATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the National Labor Relations Board to carry out the func-tions vested in it by the Labor-Management Relations Act, 1947, and other laws, $274,224,000: Provided, That no part of this ap-propriation shall be available to organize or assist in organizing agricultural laborers or used in connection with investigations, hear-ings, directives, or orders concerning bar-gaining units composed of agricultural la-borers as referred to in section 2(3) of the Act of July 5, 1935, and as amended by the Labor- Management Relations Act, 1947, and as de-fined in section 3(f) of the Act of June 25, 1938, and including in said definition employ-ees engaged in the maintenance and oper-ation of ditches, canals, reservoirs, and wa-terways when maintained or operated on a mutual, nonprofit basis and at least 95 per-cent of the water stored or supplied thereby is used for farming purposes. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 407. None of the funds provided by this Act or previous Acts making appropriations for the National Labor Relations Board may be used to issue any new administrative di-rective or regulation that would provide em-ployees any means of voting through any electronic means in an election to determine a representative for the purposes of collec-tive bargaining. N
ATIONAL MEDIATION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the Railway Labor Act, includ-ing emergency boards appointed by the President, $13,800,000. OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  C
OMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Review Commis-sion, $13,225,000. R
AILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD  
DUAL BENEFITS PAYMENTS ACCOUNT  For payment to the Dual Benefits Pay-ments Account, authorized under section 15(d) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974, $19,000,000, which shall include amounts be-coming available in fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 224(c)(1)(B) of Public Law 98–76; and in addition, an amount, not to exceed 2 percent of the amount provided herein, shall be available proportional to the amount by which the product of recipients and the aver-age benefit received exceeds the amount available for payment of vested dual bene-fits: Provided, That the total amount pro-vided herein shall be credited in 12 approxi-mately equal amounts on the first day of each month in the fiscal year. 
FEDERAL PAYMENTS TO THE RAILROAD  
RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS  For payment to the accounts established in the Treasury for the payment of benefits under the Railroad Retirement Act for inter-est earned on unnegotiated checks, $150,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020, which shall be the maximum amount available for payment pursuant to section 417 of Public Law 98–76. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses for the Railroad Retirement Board (‘‘Board’’) for administra-tion of the Railroad Retirement Act and the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act, $123,500,000, to be derived in such amounts as determined by the Board from the railroad retirement accounts and from moneys cred-ited to the railroad unemployment insurance administration fund: Provided, That notwith-standing section 7(b)(9) of the Railroad Re-tirement Act this limitation may be used to hire attorneys only through the excepted service: Provided further, That the previous proviso shall not change the status under Federal employment laws of any attorney hired by the Railroad Retirement Board prior to January 1, 2013: Provided further, That $10,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be used to supplement, not sup-plant, existing resources devoted to oper-ations and improvements for the Board’s In-formation Technology Investment Initia-tives. 
LIMITATION ON THE OFFICE OF INSPECTOR  
GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General for audit, investigatory and review activities, as authorized by the In-spector General Act of 1978, not more than $11,000,000, to be derived from the railroad re-tirement accounts and railroad unemploy-ment insurance account. S
OCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
PAYMENTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY TRUST FUNDS  For payment to the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Fed-eral Disability Insurance Trust Fund, as pro-vided under sections 201(m) and 1131(b)(2) of the Social Security Act, $11,000,000. 
SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME PROGRAM  For carrying out titles XI and XVI of the Social Security Act, section 401 of Public Law 92–603, section 212 of Public Law 93–66, as amended, and section 405 of Public Law 95–216, including payment to the Social Secu-rity trust funds for administrative expenses incurred pursuant to section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act, $41,390,721,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That any portion of the funds provided to a State in the current fiscal year and not obligated by the State during that year shall be returned to the Treasury: Provided further, That not more than $101,000,000 shall be available for research and demonstrations under sections 1110, 1115, and 1144 of the Social Security Act, and remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2021. For making, after June 15 of the current fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for unanticipated costs incurred for the cur-rent fiscal year, such sums as may be nec-essary. For making benefit payments under title XVI of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, $19,700,000,000, to remain available until expended. LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including the hire of two passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $20,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, not more than $12,816,945,000 may be expended, as author-ized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Secu-rity Act, from any one or all of the trust funds referred to in such section: Provided, That not less than $2,300,000 shall be for the Social Security Advisory Board: Provided further, That $85,000,000 shall remain avail-able until expended for information tech-nology modernization, including related hardware and software infrastructure and equipment, and for administrative expenses directly associated with information tech-nology modernization: Provided further, That $100,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for activities to address the disability hearings backlog within the Office of Hearings Operations: Provided fur-ther, That unobligated balances of funds pro-vided under this paragraph at the end of fis-cal year 2019 not needed for fiscal year 2019 shall remain available until expended to in-vest in the Social Security Administration information technology and telecommuni-cations hardware and software infrastruc-ture, including related equipment and non- payroll administrative expenses associated solely with this information technology and telecommunications infrastructure: Provided further, That the Commissioner of Social Se-curity shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to making unobligated balances available under the authority in the previous proviso: Provided further, That reim- bursement to the trust funds under this heading for expenditures for official time for employees of the Social Security Adminis-tration pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 7131, and for fa-cilities or support services for labor organi-zations pursuant to policies, regulations, or procedures referred to in section 7135(b) of such title shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury, with interest, from amounts in the general fund not otherwise appropriated, as soon as possible after such expenditures are made. Of the total amount made available under this heading, not more than $1,683,000,000, to remain available through March 31, 2020, is for the costs associated with continuing dis-ability reviews under titles II and XVI of the Social Security Act, including work-related continuing disability reviews to determine whether earnings derived from services dem-onstrate an individual’s ability to engage in substantial gainful activity, for the cost as-sociated with conducting redeterminations of eligibility under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for the cost of co-operative dis-ability investigation units, and for the cost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5657 August 15, 2018 
associated with the prosecution of fraud in the programs and operations of the Social Security Administration by Special Assist-ant United States Attorneys: Provided, That, of such amount, $273,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(B)(ii)(III) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $1,410,000,000 is additional new budget au-thority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That the Commissioner shall provide to the Congress (at the conclusion of the fiscal year) a report on the obligation and expendi-ture of these funds, similar to the reports that were required by section 103(d)(2) of Public Law 104–121 for fiscal years 1996 through 2002. In addition, $134,000,000 to be derived from administration fees in excess of $5.00 per sup-plementary payment collected pursuant to section 1616(d) of the Social Security Act or section 212(b)(3) of Public Law 93–66, which shall remain available until expended. To the extent that the amounts collected pursu-ant to such sections in fiscal year 2019 exceed $134,000,000, the amounts shall be available in fiscal year 2020 only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts. In addition, up to $1,000,000 to be derived from fees collected pursuant to section 303(c) of the Social Security Protection Act, which shall remain available until expended. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $30,000,000, together with not to exceed $75,500,000, to be transferred and expended as authorized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Fed-eral Disability Insurance Trust Fund. In addition, an amount not to exceed 3 per-cent of the total provided in this appropria-tion may be transferred from the ‘‘Limita-tion on Administrative Expenses’’, Social Security Administration, to be merged with this account, to be available for the time and purposes for which this account is available: Provided, That notice of such transfers shall be transmitted promptly to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate at least 15 days in ad-vance of any transfer. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 501. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education are au-thorized to transfer unexpended balances of prior appropriations to accounts cor-responding to current appropriations pro-vided in this Act. Such transferred balances shall be used for the same purpose, and for the same periods of time, for which they were originally appropriated. S
EC. 502. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 503. (a) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative relationships, for pub-licity or propaganda purposes, for the prepa-ration, distribution, or use of any kit, pam-phlet, booklet, publication, electronic com-munication, radio, television, or video pres-entation designed to support or defeat the enactment of legislation before the Congress or any State or local legislature or legisla-tive body, except in presentation to the Con-gress or any State or local legislature itself, or designed to support or defeat any pro-posed or pending regulation, administrative action, or order issued by the executive branch of any State or local government, ex-cept in presentation to the executive branch of any State or local government itself. (b) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used to pay the salary or expenses of any grant or contract recipient, or agent acting for such recipient, related to any activity designed to influence the enactment of legislation, ap-propriations, regulation, administrative ac-tion, or Executive order proposed or pending before the Congress or any State govern-ment, State legislature or local legislature or legislative body, other than for normal and recognized executive-legislative rela-tionships or participation by an agency or officer of a State, local or tribal government in policymaking and administrative proc-esses within the executive branch of that government. (c) The prohibitions in subsections (a) and (b) shall include any activity to advocate or promote any proposed, pending or future Federal, State or local tax increase, or any proposed, pending, or future requirement or restriction on any legal consumer product, including its sale or marketing, including but not limited to the advocacy or pro-motion of gun control. SEC. 504. The Secretaries of Labor and Edu-cation are authorized to make available not to exceed $28,000 and $20,000, respectively, from funds available for salaries and ex-penses under titles I and III, respectively, for official reception and representation ex-penses; the Director of the Federal Medi-ation and Conciliation Service is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from the funds available for ‘‘Federal Medi-ation and Conciliation Service, Salaries and Expenses’’; and the Chairman of the National Mediation Board is authorized to make available for official reception and represen-tation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from funds available for ‘‘National Mediation Board, Salaries and Expenses’’. S
EC. 505. When issuing statements, press releases, requests for proposals, bid solicita-tions and other documents describing projects or programs funded in whole or in part with Federal money, all grantees re-ceiving Federal funds included in this Act, including but not limited to State and local governments and recipients of Federal re-search grants, shall clearly state— (1) the percentage of the total costs of the program or project which will be financed with Federal money; (2) the dollar amount of Federal funds for the project or program; and (3) percentage and dollar amount of the total costs of the project or program that will be financed by non-governmental sources. S
EC. 506. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for any abortion. (b) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for health benefits cov-erage that includes coverage of abortion. (c) The term ‘‘health benefits coverage’’ means the package of services covered by a managed care provider or organization pur-suant to a contract or other arrangement. S
EC. 507. (a) The limitations established in the preceding section shall not apply to an abortion— (1) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (2) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed. (b) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as prohibiting the expenditure by a State, locality, entity, or private person of State, local, or private funds (other than a State’s or locality’s contribution of Med-icaid matching funds). (c) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as restricting the ability of any managed care provider from offering abor-tion coverage or the ability of a State or lo-cality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage with State funds (other than a State’s or locality’s contribu-tion of Medicaid matching funds). (d)(1) None of the funds made available in this Act may be made available to a Federal agency or program, or to a State or local government, if such agency, program, or gov-ernment subjects any institutional or indi-vidual health care entity to discrimination on the basis that the health care entity does not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or refer for abortions. (2) In this subsection, the term ‘‘health care entity’’ includes an individual physician or other health care professional, a hospital, a provider-sponsored organization, a health maintenance organization, a health insur-ance plan, or any other kind of health care facility, organization, or plan. SEC. 508. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used for— (1) the creation of a human embryo or em-bryos for research purposes; or (2) research in which a human embryo or embryos are destroyed, discarded, or know-ingly subjected to risk of injury or death greater than that allowed for research on fetuses in utero under 45 CFR 46.204(b) and section 498(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 289g(b)). (b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘human embryo or embryos’’ includes any organism, not protected as a human subject under 45 CFR 46 as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act, that is derived by fertiliza-tion, parthenogenesis, cloning, or any other means from one or more human gametes or human diploid cells. S
EC. 509. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used for any activity that promotes the legalization of any drug or other substance included in schedule I of the schedules of controlled substances estab-lished under section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act except for normal and recog-nized executive-congressional communica-tions. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply when there is significant medical evidence of a therapeutic advantage to the use of such drug or other substance or that federally sponsored clinical trials are being conducted to determine therapeutic advan-tage. S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to promulgate or adopt any final standard under section 1173(b) of the Social Security Act providing for, or providing for the assignment of, a unique health identifier for an individual (except in an individual’s capacity as an em-ployer or a health care provider), until legis-lation is enacted specifically approving the standard. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated or expended to enter into or renew a contract with an entity if— (1) such entity is otherwise a contractor with the United States and is subject to the requirement in 38 U.S.C. 4212(d) regarding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5658 August 15, 2018 
submission of an annual report to the Sec-retary of Labor concerning employment of certain veterans; and (2) such entity has not submitted a report as required by that section for the most re-cent year for which such requirement was applicable to such entity. S
EC. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tion Act. S
EC. 513. None of the funds made available by this Act to carry out the Library Services and Technology Act may be made available to any library covered by paragraph (1) of section 224(f) of such Act, as amended by the Children’s Internet Protection Act, unless such library has made the certifications re-quired by paragraph (4) of such section. S
EC. 514. (a) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obliga-tion or expenditure in fiscal year 2019, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collec-tion of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices; (6) reorganizes programs or activities; or (7) contracts out or privatizes any func-tions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such re-programming or of an announcement of in-tent relating to such reprogramming, which-ever occurs earlier, and are notified in writ-ing 10 days in advance of such reprogram-ming. (b) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropria-tions Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or ex-penditure in fiscal year 2019, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or ex-penditure through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments existing programs, projects (including construction projects), or activi-ties; (2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as ap-proved by Congress; or (3) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such re-programming or of an announcement of in-tent relating to such reprogramming, which-ever occurs earlier, and are notified in writ-ing 10 days in advance of such reprogram-ming. S
EC. 515. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to request that a candidate for appointment to a Federal sci-entific advisory committee disclose the po-litical affiliation or voting history of the candidate or the position that the candidate holds with respect to political issues not di-rectly related to and necessary for the work of the committee involved. (b) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to disseminate infor-mation that is deliberately false or mis-leading. SEC. 516. Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, each department and related agen-cy funded through this Act shall submit an operating plan that details at the program, project, and activity level any funding allo-cations for fiscal year 2019 that are different than those specified in this Act, the accom-panying detailed table in the report accom-panying this Act or the fiscal year 2019 budg-et request. S
EC. 517. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education shall each prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate a report on the num-ber and amount of contracts, grants, and co-operative agreements exceeding $500,000 in value and awarded by the Department on a non-competitive basis during each quarter of fiscal year 2019, but not to include grants awarded on a formula basis or directed by law. Such report shall include the name of the contractor or grantee, the amount of funding, the governmental purpose, includ-ing a justification for issuing the award on a non-competitive basis. Such report shall be transmitted to the Committees within 30 days after the end of the quarter for which the report is submitted. S
EC. 518. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be expended or obligated by the Commissioner of Social Security, for purposes of administering Social Security benefit payments under title II of the Social Security Act, to process any claim for credit for a quarter of coverage based on work per-formed under a social security account num-ber that is not the claimant’s number and the performance of such work under such number has formed the basis for a conviction of the claimant of a violation of section 208(a)(6) or (7) of the Social Security Act. S
EC. 519. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Commissioner of Social Security or the Social Security Ad-ministration to pay the compensation of em-ployees of the Social Security Administra-tion to administer Social Security benefit payments, under any agreement between the United States and Mexico establishing total-ization arrangements between the social se-curity system established by title II of the Social Security Act and the social security system of Mexico, which would not otherwise be payable but for such agreement. S
EC. 520. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, no funds appropriated in this Act shall be used to purchase sterile needles or syringes for the hypodermic injec-tion of any illegal drug: Provided, That such limitation does not apply to the use of funds for elements of a program other than making such purchases if the relevant State or local health department, in consultation with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, determines that the State or local jurisdic-tion, as applicable, is experiencing, or is at risk for, a significant increase in hepatitis infections or an HIV outbreak due to injec-tion drug use, and such program is operating in accordance with State and local law. S
EC. 521. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. SEC. 522. None of the funds made available under this or any other Act, or any prior Ap-propriations Act, may be provided to the As-sociation of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN), or any of its affili-ates, subsidiaries, allied organizations, or successors. S
EC. 523. For purposes of carrying out Ex-ecutive Order 13589, Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012, and requirements contained in the annual appropriations bills relating to con-ference attendance and expenditures: (1) the operating divisions of HHS shall be considered independent agencies; and (2) attendance at and support for scientific conferences shall be tabulated separately from and not included in agency totals. S
EC. 524. Federal agencies funded under this Act shall clearly state within the text, audio, or video used for advertising or edu-cational purposes, including emails or Inter-net postings, that the communication is printed, published, or produced and dissemi-nated at U.S. taxpayer expense. The funds used by a Federal agency to carry out this requirement shall be derived from amounts made available to the agency for advertising or other communications regarding the pro-grams and activities of the agency. S
EC. 525. (a) Federal agencies may use Fed-eral discretionary funds that are made avail-able in this Act to carry out up to 10 Per-formance Partnership Pilots. Such Pilots shall be governed by the provisions of sec-tion 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, except that in carrying out such Pilots sec-tion 526 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘F
ISCAL YEAR2019’’ for ‘‘F ISCAL YEAR2014’’ in the title of subsection (b) and by sub-stituting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’ for ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’ each place it appears: Pro- vided, That such pilots shall include commu-nities that have experienced civil unrest. (b) In addition, Federal agencies may use Federal discretionary funds that are made available in this Act to participate in Per-formance Partnership Pilots that are being carried out pursuant to the authority pro-vided by section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235, section 525 of division H of Pub-lic Law 114–113, section 525 of division H of Public Law 115–31, and section 525 of division H of Public Law 115–141. (c) Pilot sites selected under authorities in this Act and prior appropriations Acts may be granted by relevant agencies up to an ad-ditional 5 years to operate under such au-thorities. S
EC. 526. Not later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, beginning with the first month of fiscal year 2019, the De-partments of Labor, Health and Human Serv-ices and Education and the Social Security Administration shall provide the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and Senate a report on the sta-tus of balances of appropriations: Provided, That for balances that are unobligated and uncommitted, committed, and obligated but unexpended, the monthly reports shall sepa-rately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of appropriation (beginning with fiscal year 2012, or, to the extent fea-sible, earlier fiscal years) from which bal-ances were derived. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 527. Of any available amounts appro-priated under section 2104(a)(22) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd) that are unob-ligated as of September 25, 2019, $3,345,000,000 are hereby rescinded as of such date. S
EC. 528. Of the amounts deposited in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund for fis-cal year 2019 under section 2104(n)(2) of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5659 August 15, 2018 
Social Security Act and the income derived from investment of those funds pursuant to section 2104(n)(2)(C) of that Act, $3,398,000,000 shall not be available for obligation in this fiscal year. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2019’’. 
SA 3696. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 3045, to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish a safe harbor with respect to keep open letters; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SAFE HARBOR WITH RESPECT TO KEEP OPEN LETTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5333. Safe harbor with respect to keep open letters ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—With respect to a cus-tomer account or customer transaction of a financial institution, if a Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency re-quests, in writing, the financial institution to keep such account or transaction open— ‘‘(1) the financial institution shall not be liable under this subchapter for maintaining such account or transaction consistent with the parameters of the request; and ‘‘(2) no Federal or State department or agency may take any adverse supervisory ac-tion under this subchapter with respect to the financial institution for maintaining such account or transaction consistent with the parameters of the request. ‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— ‘‘(1) from preventing a Federal or State de-partment or agency from verifying the valid-ity of a written request described under sub-section (a) with the Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency making the written request; or ‘‘(2) to relieve a financial institution from complying with any reporting requirements, including the reporting of suspicious trans-actions under section 5318(g). ‘‘(c) LETTER TERMINATION DATE.—For pur- poses of this section, any written request de-scribed under subsection (a) shall include a termination date after which such request shall no longer apply.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5332 the following: ‘‘5333. Safe harbor with respect to keep open letters.’’. 
SA 3697. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. None of the amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used for the establishment of the headquarters of the Army Futures Command until the Comp-troller General of the United States has issued each pending report of the Comp-troller General as follows: (1) The pending report on the Army Mod-ernization Plan. (2) The pending report on the impact of the Army Futures Command on small business. 
SA 3698. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall, acting through the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Re-search, Development, and Acquisition, sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on current investments of the Navy in research on energetics. The report shall include the following: (1) A comparison between current Navy in-vestments in research on energetics and cur-rent investments of the other military de-partments in such research. (2) A comparison between current Navy in-vestments in research on energtics and cur-rent investments in such research by the naval ministries of each of the People’s Re-public of China, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and the Russian Federation. (3) Recommendations for the most appro-priate investments, and amounts of invest-ments, by the Navy in research on energetics in the future. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I have a request for one committee to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees is au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON NATIONAL PARKS  
The Subcommittee on National Parks of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, August 15, 2018, at 4 p.m. to hold a hearing. 
h 
FOREIGN TRAVEL FINANCIAL REPORTS In accordance with the appropriate provisions of law, the Secretary of the Senate herewith submits the following re-ports for standing committees of the Senate, certain joint committees of the Congress, delegations and groups, and select and special committees of the Senate, relating to expenses incurred in the performance of authorized foreign travel: CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Roy Blunt: United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 431.00 Dan Burgess: United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 431.00 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 431.00 Senator Richard Shelby: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,763.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,763.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,423.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,423.00 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,106.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,106.00 Anne Caldwell: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,763.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,763.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,423.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,423.00 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,106.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,106.00 Brian Potts: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,763.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,763.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,423.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,423.00 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,106.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,106.00 Adam Telle: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,763.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,763.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,423.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,423.00 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,106.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,106.00 Senator John Kennedy: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,763.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,763.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,423.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,423.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.020 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5660 August 15, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,106.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,106.00 Senator John Boozman: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,763.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,763.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,423.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,423.00 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,106.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,106.00 Toni-Marie Higgins: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,763.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,763.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,423.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,423.00 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,106.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,106.00 Senator Patrick Leahy: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,763.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,763.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,423.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,423.00 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,106.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,106.00 Chanda Betourney: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,763.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,763.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,423.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,423.00 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,106.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,106.00 Kevin McDonald: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,763.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,763.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,423.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,423.00 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,106.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,106.00 Tim Rieser: Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 1,339.21 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,339.21 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,443.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,443.00 Paul Grove: Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 110.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 110.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 66.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 66.00 India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 702.85 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 702.85 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 281.97 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 281.97 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,892.41 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,892.41 Patrick Magnuson: United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 900.81 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 900.81 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 778.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 778.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,683.41 .................... . ................... .................... 17,683.41 Jennifer Bastin: United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 900.81 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 900.81 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 778.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 778.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,628.41 .................... . ................... .................... 17,628.41 Jason McMahon: United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 900.81 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 900.81 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............
......................................... .................... 778.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 778.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,628.41 .................... . ................... .................... 17,628.41 Senator Steve Daines: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 695.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 695.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,017.91 .................... . ................... .................... 14,017.91 Wally Hsueh: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 795.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 795.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,346.69 .................... . ................... .................... 15,346.69 Senator Richard Durbin: Venezuela .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,027.40 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,027.40 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,691.81 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,691.81 Chris Homan: Venezuela .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,228.39 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,228.39 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,261.31 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,261.31 Senator John Boozman: Poland ....................................................................................................... Z5oty ..................................................... .................... 379.77 .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... 379.77 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 1,056.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,056.00 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 650.12 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 650.12 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 333.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 333.00 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 341.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 341.00 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 900.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 900.00 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 370.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 370.00 Rosie Heiss: Poland ....................................................................................................... Z5oty ..................................................... .................... 379.77 .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... 379.77 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 957.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 957.00 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 650.12 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 650.12 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 318.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 318.00 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 341.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 341.00 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 900.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 900.00 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 330.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 330.00 Senator Shelley Moore Capito: Poland ....................................................................................................... Z5oty ..................................................... .................... 379.83 .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... 379.83 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 1,056.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,056.00 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 650.12 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 650.12 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 333.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 333.00 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 341.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 341.00 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 900.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 900.00 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 370.00 .................... .................... .................... .
................... .................... 370.00 Paul Grove: Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,282.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,282.00 Maldives ................................................................................................... Rufiyaa ............. .................................... .................... 876.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 876.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,990.11 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,990.11 Delegation Expenses: * France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 23,274.50 .................... 23,274.50 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 8,368.10 .................... 8,368.10 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 7,033.40 .................... 7,033.40 Delegation Expenses: * United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 385.29 .................... 385.29 Delegation Expenses: * Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 715.94 .................... 715.94 Delegation Expenses: * Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 478.57 .................... 478.57 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 2,700.00 .................... 2,700.00 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 3,565.26 .................... 3,565.26 Delegation Expenses: * United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 806.91 .................... 806.91 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 224.94 .................... 224.94 Delegation Expenses: * China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 3,704.14 .................... 3,704.14 Delegation Expenses: * Venezuela .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 385.29 .................... 385.29 Delegation Expenses: * Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 89.00 .................... 89.00 Maldives ................................................................................................... Rufiyaa ............. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 322.00 .................... 322.00 Delegation Expenses: * Poland ....................................................................................................... Z5oty ..................................................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 309.81 .................... 309.81 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.025 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5661 August 15, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 688.65 .................... 688.65 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 2,762.64 .................... 2,762.64 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 166.47 .................... 166.47 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 769.11 .................... 769.11 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,189.56 .................... 1,189.56 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 70.00 .................... 70.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 79,157.98 .................... 109,583.47 .................... 58,0 09.58 .................... 246,751.03 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RICHARD SHELBY,Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, July 27, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Gary C. Peters: Niger ......................................................................................................... Franc ............ ........................................ .................... 174.55 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 174.55 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 252.11 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 252.11 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 238.73 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 238.73 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ Franc .................. .................................. .................... 96.84 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 96.84 Angeli Chawla: Niger ......................................................................................................... Franc ............ ........................................ .................... 179.27 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 179.27 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 262.11 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 262.11 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 227.77 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 227.77 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ Franc .................. .................................. .................... 66.76 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 66.76 Delegation Expenses: * Niger ......................................................................................................... Franc ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 800.00 .................... 800.00 .................... 1,600.00 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 310.87 .................... 310.87 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 2,085,80 .................... 2,085.80 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ Franc .................. .................................. .................... .................... .................... 396.00 .................... 1,088. 40 .................... 1,484.40 Senator Thom Tillis: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,361.12 .................... . ................... .................... 13,361.12 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 902.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 902.00 Bo Prosch: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,423.61 .................... . ................... .................... 13,423.61 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 859.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 859.00 Delegation Expenses: * Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 679.68 .................. .. .................... .................... 679.68 Senator James M. Inhofe: Poland ....................................................................................................... Z5oty ..................................................... .................... 297.82 .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... 297.82 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 948.90 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 948.90 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 799.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 799.10 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 305.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 305.00 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 306.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 306.50 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 829.96 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 829.96 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 209.80 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 209.80 Lucas Holland: Poland ....................................................................................................... Z5oty ..................................................... .................... 249.60 .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... 249.60 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 727.41 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 727.41 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 750.76 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 750.76 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 258.77 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 258.77 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 224.34 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 224.34 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 857.21 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 857.21 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro .............
......................................... .................... 309.94 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 309.94 Tony Pankuch: Poland ....................................................................................................... Z5oty ..................................................... .................... 246.86 .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... 246.86 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 863.97 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 863.97 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 671.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 671.30 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 275.76 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 275.76 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 242.82 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 242.82 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 802.74 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 802.74 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 292.80 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 292.80 Mark Powers: Poland ....................................................................................................... Z5oty ..................................................... .................... 281.98 .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... 281.98 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 693.13 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 693.13 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 759.76 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 759.76 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 258.77 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 258.77 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 217.99 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 217.99 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 753.60 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 753.60 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 331.90 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 331.90 Delegation Expenses: * Poland ....................................................................................................... Z5oty ..................................................... .................... .................... .................... 413.11 .... ................ .................... .................... 413.11 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,106.81 ............... ..... .................... .................... 2,106.81 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 918.22 .................... 918.22 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 93.33 .................... 93.33 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 1,025.50 .................... 1,025.50 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 826.66 .................... 826.66 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 100.46 ................... . .................... .................... 100.46 Senator Lindsey Graham: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,001.72 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,001.72 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,004.18 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,004.18 Matt Rimkunas: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,001.72 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,001.72 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,007.83 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,007.83 Craig Abele: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,001.72 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,001.72 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,007.18 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,007.18 Senator Ted Cruz: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,734.22 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,734.22 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 814.51 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 814.51 Matthew Grant Murray: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................
.................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,556.00 .................... . ................... .................... 10,556.00 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 789.20 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 789.20 Delegation Expenses: * Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,683.05 .................... 5 ,173.77 .................... 6,856.82 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.025 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5662 August 15, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Ozge Guzelsu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,257.21 .................... . ................... .................... 11.257.21 Mongolia ................................................................................................... Togrog .............. ..................................... .................... 1,005.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,005.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,448.01 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,448.01 Delegation Expenses: * Mongolia ................................................................................................... Togrog .............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 68.04 .................... 68.04 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,096.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,096.00 Mark Montgomery: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,026.54 .................... . ................... .................... 13,026.54 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 992.42 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 992.42 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 285.11 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 285.11 Allison Lazarus: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,029.98 .................... . ................... .................... 13,029.98 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,070.90 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,070.90 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 251.12 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 251.12 Lauren Davis: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,927.01 .................... . ................... .................... 12,927.01 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,059.30 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,059.30 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 256.12 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 256.12 Delegation Expenses: * Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 301.29 .................... 210 .01 .................... 511.30 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 80.00 .................... 80.00 Samantha Clark: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,462.31 .................... . ................... .................... 13.462.31 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 342.16 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 342.16 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 373.68 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 373.68 Matthew Lampert: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,462.31 .................... . ................... .................... 13.462.31 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 342.16 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 342.16 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 373.68 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 373.68 Delegation Expenses: * Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 347.00 .................... 233.00 .................... 580.00 Senator Dan Sullivan: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 153.11 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 153.11 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 204.24 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 204.24 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 236.11 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 236.11 Jason Suslavich: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 121.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 121.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 244.93 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 244.93 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 226.54 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 226.54 Delegation Expenses: * China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 423.00 .................... 857.
00 .................... 1,280.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 766.93 .................... 242.38 .................... 1,009.31 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 748.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 748.00 Senator David Perdue: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,386.41 .................... . ................... .................... 11,386.41 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 845.44 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 845.44 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,101.64 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,101.64 Caitlin Poling: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,386.41 .................... . ................... .................... 11,386.41 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 872.64 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 872.64 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,102.86 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,102.86 Delegation Expenses: * Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 1,356.61 .................. .. 679.65 .................... 2,036.26 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 876.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 876.00 Christian Brose: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,776.56 .................... . ................... .................... 13,776.56 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,375.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,375.45 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,476.67 .................... . ................... .................... 13,476.67 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 273.69 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 273.69 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,048.97 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,048.97 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,192.11 .................... . ................... .................... 13,192.11 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 296.69 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 296.69 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,068.97 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,068.97 Michael Noblet: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,338.00 .................... . ................... .................... 13,338.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 240.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 240.00 Senator Roger F. Wicker: Portugal .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 497.12 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 497.12 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 337.91 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 337.91 Bosnia & Herzegovina .............................................................................. Mark ......................... ............................ .................... 458.96 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 458.96 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,822.40 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,822.40 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 993.30 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 993.30 James Mazol: Portugal .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 497.12 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 497.12 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 337.91 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 337.91 Bosnia & Herzegovina .............................................................................. Mark ......................... ............................ .................... 458.96 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 458.96 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,822.40 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,822.40 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 993.30 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 993.30 Delegation Expenses: 
Portugal .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,514.26 .................... 1,514.26 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 968.95 .................... 968.95 Bosnia & Herzegovina .............................................................................. Mark ......................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... 106.24 .................... 1,260.85 ... ................. 1,367.09 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... 735.38 ................. ... 564.25 .................... 1,299.63 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 265.45 .................... 22 6.46 .................... 491.91 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,202.12 .................... . ................... .................... 12,202.12 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 950.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 950.00 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 386.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 386.00 William Quinn: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,202.12 .................... . ................... .................... 12,202.12 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,057.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,057.00 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 126.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 126.00 Delegation Expenses: * Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 271.79 .................... ... ................. .................... 271.79 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 254.30 .................... 254.30 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 49,600.85 .................... 260,678.67 .................... 19,4 81.70 .................... 329,761.22 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN McCAIN,Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, July 30, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.025 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5663 August 15, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Kellie Donnelly: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 907.55 .................... .... ................ .................... 907.55 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 439.35 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 439.35 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 439.35 .................... 907.55 .................... ........... ......... .................... 1,346.90 
SENATOR LISA MURKOWSKI, Chairman, Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, July 17, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Dean Heller: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,272.47 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,272.47 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,971.72 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,971.72 Edgar Abrams: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,210.43 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,210.43 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,971.72 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,971.72 Senator Michael Bennet: Niger ......................................................................................................... CFA Franc ........ ..................................... .................... 347.57 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 347.57 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 666.80 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 666.80 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. CFA Franc ............. ................................ .................... 378.66 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 378.66 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ CFA Franc .............. ............................... .................... 222.38 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 222.38 Maria Mahler-Haug: Niger ......................................................................................................... CFA Franc ........ ..................................... .................... 347.57 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 347.57 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 644.69 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 644.69 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. CFA Franc ............. ................................ .................... 378.66 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 378.66 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ CFA Franc .............. ............................... .................... 221.38 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 221.38 A. Jay Khosla: Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,559.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,559.79 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,382.91 .................... . ................... .................... 15,382.91 Shane Warren: Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,587.13 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,587.13 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,382.91 .................... . ................... .................... 15,382.91 Jennifer Acuna: Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,513.59 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,513.59 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,382.91 .................... . ................... .................... 15,382.91 A. Jay Khosla: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,142.62 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,142.62 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,351.31 .................... . ................... .................... 10,351.31 Jennifer Acuna: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,336.04 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,336.04 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,351.31 .................... . ................... .................... 10,351.31 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 12,829.78 .................... 82,794.79 .................... ..... ............... .................... 95,624.57 
SENATOR ORRIN HATCH,Chairman, Committee on Finance, July 25, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Cory Booker: Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghan Afghani ........ ............................ .................... 61.40 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 61.40 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Lebanese Pound ...... ............................. .................... 146.99 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 146.99 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,581.31 .................... . ................... .................... 16,581.31 Sophia Lalani: Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghan Afghani ........ ............................ .................... 61.39 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 61.39 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Lebanese Pound ...... ............................. .................... 173.45 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 173.45 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,320.41 .................... . ................... .................... 16,320.41 Delegation Expenses: * Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghan Afghani ........ ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 2,400.00 .................... 2,400.00 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Lebanese Pound ...... ............................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 4,440.68 .................... 4,440.68 Senator Christopher Coons: Niger ......................................................................................................... CFA Franc ........ ..................................... .................... 183.36 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 183.36 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 512.06 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 512.06 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Pound ................. .................................. .................... 403.42 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 403.42 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ CFA Franc .............. ............................... .................... 254.32 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 254.32 Tom Mancinelli: Niger ......................................................................................................... CFA Franc ........ ..................................... .................... 178.58 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 178.58 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 524.11 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 524.11 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Pound ................. .................................. .................... 418.50 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 418.50 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ CFA Franc .............. ............................... .................... 253.32 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 253.32 Senator Cory Booker: Niger ......................................................................................................... CFA Franc ........ ..................................... .................... 195.86 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 195.86 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 769.19 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 769.19 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Pound ................. .................................. .................... 541.47 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 541.47 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ CFA Franc .............. ............................... .................... 269.52 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 269.52 Sophia Lalani: Niger ......................................................................................................... CFA Franc ........ ..................................... .................... 195.86 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 195.86 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 749.16 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 749.16 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Pound ................. .................................. .................... 530.96 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 530.96 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ CFA Franc .............. ............................... .................... 269.52 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 269.52 Senator Jeff Flake: Niger ......................................................................................................... CFA Franc ........ ..................................... .................... 347.58 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 347.58 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 847.52 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 847.52 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Pound ................. .................................. .................... 499.42 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 499.42 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ CFA Franc .............. ............................... .................... 274.60 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 274.60 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.025 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5664 August 15, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Colleen Donnelly: Niger ......................................................................................................... CFA Franc ........ ..................................... .................... 305.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 305.00 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 738.19 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 738.19 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Pound ................. .................................. .................... 499.40 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 499.40 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ CFA Franc .............. ............................... .................... 328.60 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 328.60 Delegation Expenses: * Niger ......................................................................................................... CFA Franc ........ ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 2,400.00 .................... 2,400.00 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 2,049.76 .................... 2,049.76 Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Pound ................. .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 6,257.40 .................... 6,257.40 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ CFA Franc .............. ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 4,452.00 .................... 4,452.00 Senator Bob Corker: Venezuela .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 274.86 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 274.86 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,795.02 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,795.02 Caleb McCarry: Venezuela .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 536.48 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 536.48 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,961.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,961.91 Delegation Expenses: * Venezuela .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 385.48 .................... 385.48 Senator Bob Corker: Haiti .......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 176.90 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 176.90 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,484.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,484.91 Caleb McCarry: Haiti .......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 305.90 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 305.90 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,935.11 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,935.11 Delegation Expenses: * Haiti .......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 1,161.39 .................... 1,161.39 Senator Jeff Flake: Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 381.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 381.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,687.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,687.66 Chandler Morse: Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 391.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 391.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,368.41 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,368.41 Senator Jeff Flake: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 890.00 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 890.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,658.01 .................... . ................... .................... 11,658.01 Delegation Expenses: * United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 1,163.95 .................... 1,163.95 Senator Cory Gardner: United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 314.69 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 314.69 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghan Afghani ........ ............................ .................... 49.38 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 49.38 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,642.05 .................... . ................... .................... 11,642.05 Curtis Swagger: United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 354.69 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 354.69 
Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghan Afghani ........ ............................ .................... 49.38 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 49.38 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,383.05 .................... . ................... .................... 12,383.05 Delegation Expenses: * United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 606.74 .................... 606.74 Senator Cory Gardner: Taiwan ...................................................................................................... New Taiwan dollar .. ............................. .................... 173.66 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 173.66 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 616.99 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 616.99 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 642.93 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 642.93 Singapore .................................................................................................. Singapore dollar .... ............................... .................... 917.01 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 917.01 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 444.88 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 444.88 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,383.01 .................... . ................... .................... 12,383.01 Igor Khrestin: Taiwan ...................................................................................................... New Taiwan dollar .. ............................. .................... 173.66 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 173.66 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 605.09 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 605.09 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 705.29 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 705.29 Singapore .................................................................................................. Singapore dollar .... ............................... .................... 966.88 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 966.88 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 570.54 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 570.54 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,595.01 .................... . ................... .................... 12,595.01 Delegation Expenses: * Taiwan ...................................................................................................... New Taiwan dollar .. ............................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 694.58 .................... 694.58 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 545.51 .................... 545.51 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,126.84 .................... 1,126.84 Singapore .................................................................................................. Singapore dollar .... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 1,800.00 .................... 1,800.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,513.97 .................... 1,513.97 Senator Jeff Merkley: Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Djibouti franc .... ................................... .................... 38.38 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 38.38 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Kenya shilling .... ................................... .................... 536.76 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 536.76 Democratic Republic ................................................................................ Congolese franc ............. ...................... .................... 562.76 .................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... 562.76 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,829.75 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,829.75 Laura Updegrove: Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Djibouti franc .... ................................... .................... 21.76 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 21.76 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Kenya shilling .... ................................... .................... 503.67 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 503.67 Democratic Republic ................................................................................ Congolese franc ............. ...................... .................... 529.67 .................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... 529.67 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,066.56 .................... . ................... .................... 15,066.56 Delegation Expenses: * Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Djibouti franc .... ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 33.00 .................... 33.00 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Kenya shilling .... ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 2,038.06 .................... 2,038.06 Democratic Republic ................................................................................ Congolese franc ............. ...................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 928.0 3 .................... 928.03 Senator Rob Portman: 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 311.31 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 311.31 Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Czech Koruna ............ ........................... .................... 756.09 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 756.09 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Ukrainian Hryvnia . ................................ .................... 528.68 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 528.68 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 336.16 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 336.16 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,225.11 .................... . ................... .................... 18,225.11 Tyler Brace: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,523.59 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,523.59 Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Czech Koruna ............ ........................... .................... 1,790.60 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 1,790.60 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,966.11 .................... . ................... .................... 11,966.11 Delegation Expenses: * Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 380.75 .................... 380.75 Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Czech Koruna ............ ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 488.07 .................... 488.07 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Ukrainian Hryvnia . ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 6,561.37 .................... 6,561.37 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 346.00 .................... 346.00 Senator Marco Rubio: Peru ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 1,195.06 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 1,195.06 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,032.06 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,032.06 Viviana Bovo: Peru ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 1,164.39 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 1,164.39 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,032.06 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,032.06 Delegation Expenses: * Peru ........................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 2,088.31 .................... 2,088.31 Sarah Arkin: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 333.38 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 333.38 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.025 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5665 August 15, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 682.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 682.49 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 393.34 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 393.34 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,180.21 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,180.21 Juan Pachon: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 352.95 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 352.95 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 829.69 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 829.69 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 513.37 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 513.37 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,181.61 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,181.61 Viviana Bovo: Costa Rica ................................................................................................ Costa Rican Colon .... ........................... .................... 161.89 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 161.89 Panama ..................................................................................................... Panamanian Balboa ... .......................... .................... 447.34 .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... 447.34 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,112.29 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,112.29 Delegation Expenses: * Costa Rica ................................................................................................ Costa Rican Colon .... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,132.16 .................... 1,132.16 Panama ..................................................................................................... Panamanian Balboa ... .......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1 ,365.76 .................... 1,365.76 Tom Callahan: Niger ......................................................................................................... Nigerian Naira ... ................................... .................... 826.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 826.00 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Tunisian Dinar .... .................................. .................... 696.00 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 696.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,632.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,632.91 Joseph Curtsinger: Niger ......................................................................................................... Nigerian Naira ... ................................... .................... 826.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 826.00 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Tunisian Dinar .... .................................. .................... 640.00 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 640.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,632.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,632.91 Delegation Expenses: * Niger ......................................................................................................... Nigerian Naira ... ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 2,400.00 .................... 2,400.00 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Tunisian Dinar .... .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 41.22 .................... 41.22 Heather Flynn: Niger ......................................................................................................... Nigerian Naira ... ................................... .................... 1,217.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 1,217.00 Mali ........................................................................................................... West African Fra nc ............................... .................... 1,111.40 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 1,111.40 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,925.11 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,925.11 Delegation Expenses: * Niger ......................................................................................................... Nigerian Naira ... ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 8,321.00 .................... 8,321.00 Mali ........................................................................................................... West African Fra nc ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 3,018.34 .................... 3,018.34 Heather Flynn: Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Nigerian Naira .... .................................. .................... 541.55 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 541.55 Cameroon .................................................................................................. Central African Franc ........................... .................... 943.91 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 943.91 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,610.21 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,610.21 Delegation Expenses: * Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Nigerian Naira .... .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 971.77 .................... 971.77 Joshua Klein: Guatemala ................................................................................................ Quetzal ............... .................................. .................... 841.45 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 841.45 
Honduras ................................................................................................... Limpira ............. .................................... .................... 633.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 633.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,004.20 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,004.20 Leslie Bull: Guatemala ................................................................................................ Quetzal ............... .................................. .................... 841.45 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 841.45 Honduras ................................................................................................... Limpira ............. .................................... .................... 444.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 444.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,004.20 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,004.20 Delegation Expenses: * Guatemala ................................................................................................ Quetzal ............... .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 1,606.98 .................... 1,606.98 Caleb McCarry: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 648.19 .................... .... ................ .................... 648.19 Delegation Expenses: * Nicaragua ................................................................................................. Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 225.00 .................... 225.00 Damian Murphy: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,700.09 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,700.09 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 671.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 671.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,142.71 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,142.71 Delegation Expenses: * France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 977.00 .................... 977.00 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 2,763.81 .................... 2,763.81 Charlotte Oldham-Moore: Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 606.50 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 606.50 Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... 1,441.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,441.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,669.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,669.91 Margot Hecht: Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 606.50 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 606.50 Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... 1,441.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,441.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,669.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,669.91 Delegation Expenses: * Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 5,154.74 .................... 5,154.74 Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 3,841.52 .................... 3,841.52 Andrew Olson: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 869.36 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 869.36 Peru ........................................................................................................... Peruvian Sol .... ..................................... .................... 667.62 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 667.62 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,272.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,272.36 Scott Richardson: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 866.67 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 866.67 Peru ........................................................................................................... Peruvian Sol .... ..................................... .................... 646.84 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 646.84 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,271.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,271.36 Delegation Expenses: * Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,126.00 .................... 1,126.00 Peru ........................................................................................................... Peruvian Sol .... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 818.00 .................... 818.00 Michael Schiffer: China ........................................................................................................ Renmimbi ..........
................................... .................... 789.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 789.00 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 911.43 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 911.43 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,366.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,366.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,972.11 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,972.11 Delegation Expenses: * China ........................................................................................................ Renmimbi .......... ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 94.00 .................... 94.00 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 851.03 .................... 851.03 Dana Stroul: Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Rial .................. ..................................... .................... 775.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 775.00 Oman ........................................................................................................ Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 1,191.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,191.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,579.61 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,579.61 Laura Updegrove: Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Rial .................. ..................................... .................... 837.10 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 837.10 Oman ........................................................................................................ Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 1,095.50 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,095.50 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,764.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,764.16 Delegation Expenses: * Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Rial .................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 223.41 .................... 223.41 Oman ........................................................................................................ Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 99.48 .................... 99.48 Dana Stroul: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 876.20 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 876.20 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 427.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 427.50 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,251.31 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,251.31 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.025 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5666 August 15, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Nicole Porreca: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 812.91 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 812.91 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 463.64 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 463.64 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,201.31 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,201.31 Margaret Taylor: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 869.57 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 869.57 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 422.62 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 422.62 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,201.31 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,201.31 Delegation Expenses: * Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 784.65 .................... 784.65 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 150.58 .................... 150.58 Brandon Yoder: Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 1,565.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,565.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 915.41 .................... .... ................ .................... 915.41 Delegation Expenses: * Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 821.00 .................... 821.00 Brandon Yoder: Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... 986.40 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 986.40 Ecuador ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 604.20 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 604.20 Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,504.09 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,504.09 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,922.93 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,922.93 Nury Gambarrotti: Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... 931.10 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 931.10 Ecuador ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 644.02 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 644.02 Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,547.80 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,547.80 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,922.93 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,922.93 Delegation Expenses: * Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,441.16 .................... 1,441.16 Ecuador ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 206.80 .................... 206.80 Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 699.00 .................... 699.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 71,285.71 .................... 256,636.69 .................... 82,9 96.30 .................... 410,918.70 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR BOB CORKER, Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, July 27, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Brent Bombach: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,443.11 .................... . ................... .................... 16,443.11 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 146.09 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 146.09 Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 852.21 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 852.21 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 629.69 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 629.69 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 Gregory McNeill: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,633.51 .................... . ................... .................... 12,633.51 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 99.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 99.00 Sergio Gor: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,633.51 .................... . ................... .................... 12,633.51 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 99.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 99.00 Zachary Schram: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,633.51 .................... . ................... .................... 12,633.51 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 99.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 99.00 Delegation Expenses: * Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 9,600.00 .................... 9,600.00 Senator Maggie Hassan: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,227.47 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,227.47 Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 307.83 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 307.83 Harlan Geer: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,522.57 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,522.57 Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 312.83 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 312.83 Delegation Expenses: * Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 372.00 .................... 372.00 Senator Michael B. Enzi: Poland ....................................................................................................... Z5oty ..................................................... .................... 197.57 .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... 197.57 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 703.76 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 703.76 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 709.36 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 709.36 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 309.94 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 309.94 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 242.33 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 242.33 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 775.77 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 775.77 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 373.99 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 373.99 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 6,444.37 .................... 59,093.68 .................... 9,972. 00 .................... 75,510.05 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RON JOHNSON, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, July 13, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Charles Grassley: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 948.18 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 948.18 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.025 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5667 August 15, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 259.20 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 259.20 Jill Kozeny: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 952.56 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 952.56 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 258.58 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 258.58 Rita Lari Jochum: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 952.56 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 952.56 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 254.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 254.00 Delegation Expenses: * China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 8,188.05 .................... 8,188.05 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,443.96 .................... 1,443.96 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 3,625.08 .................... .................... ................ .... 9,632.01 .................... 13,257.09 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR CHUCK GRASSLEY,Chairman, Committee on Judiciary, July 27, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Meredith West: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,609.61 .................... . ................... .................... 11,609.61 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 931.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 931.00 John Sandy: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,881.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,881.91 Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 532.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 532.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,463.00 .................... 18,491.52 .................... ...... .............. .................... 19,954.52 
SENATOR JAMES E. RISCH, Chairman, Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, July 27, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Richard Burr ........................................................................................ ................... ............................................ .................... 1,066.00 .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... 1,066.00 ............................................................... .................... 548.14 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 548.14 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,2 31.61 .................... .................... .................... 15,231.61 Senator John Cornyn .......................................................................................... .................. ............................................. .................... 1,066.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... 1,066.00 ............................................................... .................... 548.14 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 548.14 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,82 6.61 .................... .................... .................... 9,826.61 Chris Joyner ....................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,066.00 .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,066.00 ............................................................... .................... 548.14 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 548.14 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,3 60.61 .................... .................... .................... 12,360.61 Christian Cook ................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 1,066.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 1,066.00 ............................................................... .................... 548.14 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 548.14 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,3 60.61 .................... .................... .................... 12,360.61 Dave Hanke ....................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... .................... .................... 35.00 ............ ........ .................... .................... 35.00 Delegation Expenses: * ...................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... 334.20 ................. ... .................... .................... 334.20 Senator Marco Rubio ......................................................................................... ................... ............................................ .................... 644.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 644.00 ............................................................... .................... 322.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 322.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,11 2.29 .................... .................... .................... 3,112.29 Brian Walsh ....................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 644.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 644.00 ............................................................... .................... 322.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 322.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,08 7.79 .................... .................... .................... 4,087.79 Delegation Expenses: * ...................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 7,493.78 .................... 7,493.78 Rick Nussio ........................................................................................................ ............ ................................................... .................... 269.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 269.00 ............................................................... .................... 824.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 ............................................................... .................... 162.60 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 162.60 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,85 6.89 .................... .................... .................... 4,856.89 John Matchison .................................................................................................. ............... ................................................ .................... 269.00 .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 269.00 ............................................................... .................... 824.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 ............................................................... .................... 530.16 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 530.16 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,85 6.89 .................... .................... .................... 4,856.89 Jacob Barton ...................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 269.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 269.00 ............................................................... .................... 824.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 824.00 ............................................................... .................... 613.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 613.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,02 3.11 .................... .................... .................... 3,023.11 Delegation Expenses: * ...................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 72.62 .................... 72.62 Jacob Barton ...................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 1,394.00 .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... 1,394.00 ............................................................... .................... 925.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 925.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,7 40.51 .................... .................... .................... 16,740.51 Senator John Cornyn .......................................................................................... .................. ............................................. .................... 913.61 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 913.61 ............................................................... .................... 403.61 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 403.61 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,40 6.76 .................... .................... .................... 6,406.76 Dave Hanke ....................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 910.20 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 910.20 ............................................................... .................... 248.20 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 248.20 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,40
6.76 .................... .................... .................... 6,406.76 Delegation Expenses: * ...................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 2,662.00 .................... 2,662.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 17,767.94 .................... 99,639.64 .................... 10,22 8.40 .................... 127,635.98 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RICHARD BURR,Chairman, Committee on Intelligence, August 1, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.025 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5668 August 15, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Scott Rauland: Azerbaijan ................................................................................................. Manat ............... .................................... .................... 1,501.47 .................... 15,783.91 .................... ............ ........ .................... 17,285.38 Jordan Warlick: Azerbaijan ................................................................................................. Manat ............... .................................... .................... 1,831.47 .................... 10,800.81 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,632.28 Delegation Expenses: * Azerbaijan ................................................................................................. Manat ............... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 241.18 .................... 241.18 Erika Schlager: Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 1,238.33 .................... 12,238.11 .................... ................ .... .................... 13,476.44 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... 1,039.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,039.00 Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 696.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 696.00 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 771.28 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 771.28 Delegation Expenses: * Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 475.00 .................... 475.00 Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 223.44 .................... 223.44 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... Robert Hand: Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 1,270.58 .................... 1,845.31 .................... ............. ....... .................... 3,115.89 Delegation Expenses: * Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... Allison Parker: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... 1,208.14 .................... 7,308.61 ......... ........... .................... 8,516.75 Delegation Expenses: * Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 99.29 .................... 99.29 Mischa Thompson: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,393.00 .................... 14,872.92 .................... ......... ........... .................... 16,265.92 Delegation Expenses: * Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 117.50 .................... 117.50 Alex Tiersky: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 2,619.00 .................... 11,813.21 .................... .......... .......... .................... 14,432.21 Delegation Expenses: * Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... Janice Helwig: Uzbekistan ................................................................................................ So’m ................. .................................... .................... 3,362.40 .................... 3,024.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 6,386.40 Delegation Expenses: * Uzbekistan ................................................................................................ So’m ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... Alex Tiersky: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 965.41 .................... 12,215.21 .................... ....... ............. .................... 13,180.62 Delegation Expenses: * Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... .................... Paul Massaro: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,470.50 .................... 14,401.91 .................... ......... ........... .................... 15,872.41 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Euro ..................... ................................. .................... 2,288.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 2,288.00 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,531.02 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,531.02 Delegation Expenses: * Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Euro .....................
................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 336.00 .................... 336.00 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 479.53 .................... 479.53 Allison Parker: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,420.61 .................... 7,570.41 .................... ......... ........... .................... 8,991.02 Delegation Expenses: * Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 98.47 .................... 98.47 Everett Price: Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 718.94 .................... 14,305.51 .................... .......... .......... .................... 15,024.45 Delegation Expenses: * Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 34.15 .................... 34.15 Scott Rauland: Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 1,650.28 .................... 9,685.81 .................... ....... ............. .................... 11,336.69 Everett Price: Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 1,650.28 .................... 11,632.41 .................... ...... .............. .................... 13,282.69 Delegation Expenses: * Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 1,352.96 .................... 1,352.96 
Total ........................................................................................ .................................. ............................. .................... 28,625.71 .................... 147,498.14 .................... 3,457.52 ........ ............ 179,581.37 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR ROGER F. WICKER, Chairman, Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, July 30, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Thomas Hawkins: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,762.42 .................... . ................... .................... 19,762.42 Israel ......................................................................................................... Dollar .......... .......................................... .................... 1,100.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 1,100.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 680.81 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 680.81 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 849.50 .................... .................... .................... 226.92 ..... ............... 1,076.42 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 78.00 .................... 3,466.67 .................... ................ .... .................... 3,544.67 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 2,708.31 .................... 23,229.09 .................... 226.92  .................... 26,164.32 
SENATOR MITCH McCONNELL,Majority Leader, June 22, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.025 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5669 August 15, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), DEMOCRATIC LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Michael Kuiken: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,477.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,477.91 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 168.50 .................... 3,466.37 .................... ............... ..... .................... 3,634.87 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 84.50 .................... .................... .................... 69 .80 .................... 154.30 Scott Rodman: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,865.69 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,865.69 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,174.45 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,174.45 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,427.45 .................... 11,809.97 .................... 69.80 .................... 13,307.22 
SENATOR CHARLES E. SCHUMER,Democratic Leader, June 21, 2018. h 
POWER ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the House message to accompany S. 717. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 717) entitled ‘‘An Act to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic violence.’’, do pass with an amendment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to concur in the House amendment, and I ask unanimous consent that the motion be agreed to and that the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, Au-gust 16; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Quattlebaum nomination and that notwithstanding rule XXII, all postcloture time on the nomination be considered expired at noon. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:34 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, August 16, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ROBERT H. MCMAHON, OF GEORGIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE ROBERT H. MCMA-HON, RESIGNED. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. RICHARD D. CLARKE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JAMES M. RICHARDSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be admiral 
VICE ADM. CRAIG S. FALLER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15AU6.025 S15AUPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1153 August 15, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, August 16, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
AUGUST 21 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Alan Ray Shaffer, of Virginia, to be Deputy Under Secretary for Ac-quisition and Sustainment, Veronica Daigle, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Casey Wardynski, of Alabama, and Alex A. Beehler, of Maryland, both to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Army, all of the Depart-ment of Defense. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine Russia sanc-tions, focusing on current effectiveness and potential for next steps. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the energy efficiency of blockchain and similar technologies and the cybersecurity pos-sibilities of such technologies for en-ergy industry applications. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine United States-Russia relations. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services efforts to fight Medicaid fraud and overpay-ments. SD–342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee on Primary Health and Re-tirement Security To hold hearings to examine financial literacy, focusing on the starting point for a secure retirement. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine cyber threats to our nation’s critical infra-structure. SD–226 AUGUST 22 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold hearings to examine S. 483, to designate and expand wilderness areas in Olympic National Forest in the State of Washington, and to designate certain rivers in Olympic National For-est and Olympic National Park as wild and scenic rivers, S. 1572, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to provide that extraction of helium from gas produced under a Federal mineral lease shall maintain the lease as if the helium were oil and gas, S. 1787, to reauthorize the National Geologic Mapping Act of 1992, S. 1959, to designate certain Fed-eral land in the State of California as wilderness, S. 2078, to maximize land management efficiencies, promote land conservation, generate education fund-ing, S. 2160, to establish a pilot pro-gram under the Chief of the Forest Service may use alternative dispute resolution in lieu of judicial review of certain projects, S. 2297, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain National Forest System land to Custer County, South Dakota, S. 2721, to designate certain land in San Miguel, Ouray, and San Juan Counties, Colorado, as wilderness, to designate certain special management areas in the State of Colorado, S. 2809, to estab-lish the San Rafael Swell Western Her-itage and Historic Mining National Conservation Area in the State of Utah, to designate wilderness areas in the State, to provide for certain land conveyances, S. 2907, to provide for the withdrawal and protection of certain Federal land in the State of New Mex-ico, S. 3245, to require the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain Na-tional Forest System land in the State of Texas, S. 3297, to provide for the ex-pansion of the Desert Tortoise Habitat Conservation Plan, Washington Coun-ty, Utah, S. 3325, to amend the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to provide for the eligibility of na-tional grasslands for grazing leases and permits, and H.R. 2075, to adjust the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon-Steelhead Falls and Deschutes Canyon Wilderness Study Areas in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire pre-vention and response activities to pro-tect private property. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kevin K. Sullivan, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Nica-ragua, Francisco Luis Palmieri, of Con-necticut, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Honduras, and Karen L. Wil-liams, of Missouri, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Suriname, all of the Department of State. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of William Bryan, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Science and Technology, and Peter Gaynor, of Rhode Island, to be Deputy Adminis-trator, Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, both of the Department of Homeland Security. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Rules and Administration Business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Secure Elections Act’’. SR–301 2:45 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine cultural sovereignty, focusing on ef-forts to maintain and revitalize Native languages for future generations. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Aug 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M15AU8.000 E15AUPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D915 Wednesday, August 15, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5599–S5669 Measures Introduced: Two bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 3348–3349, and S. Res. 606.
                                                                Pages S5618–19 
Measures Reported: S. 2896, to require disclosure by lobbyists of con-victions for bribery, extortion, embezzlement, illegal kickbacks, tax evasion, fraud, conflicts of interest, making false statements, perjury, or money laun-dering. (S. Rept. No. 115–317) Report to accompany S. 436, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to retire coal preference right lease applications for which the Secretary has made an affirmative commercial quantities determination, to substitute certain land selections of the Navajo Nation, to designate certain wilderness areas. (S. Rept. No. 115–318) Report to accompany S. 2102, to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park. (S. Rept. No. 115–319) Report to accompany H.R. 497, To direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain Federal lands in San Bernardino County, California, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to accept in return certain non-Federal lands. (S. Rept. No. 115–320) Report to accompany H.R. 2768, to designate cer-tain mountain peaks in the State of Colorado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–321) H.R. 1222, to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease re-search efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2465, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment demonstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 3016, to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.                                                            Page S5618 
House Messages: POWER Act: Senate concurred in the amendment of the House to S. 717, to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower sur-vivors of domestic violence.
                                  Page S5669 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act— Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that following disposition of the nomination of Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Senate begin consideration of H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and that for the purpose of Rule XIV, in rela-tion to the substitute, Amendment No. 3695, the text of H.R. 6157 serve as the basis for defense of germaneness for Division A of the amendment, and the text of H.R. 6470, making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Serv-ices, and Education, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, as reported by the House Appropriations Committee, serve as the basis for defense of germaneness for Division B of the amendment.
                                                          Page S5608 
Quattlebaum Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. 
                                                                             Pages S5599–S5611 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 61 yeas to 28 nays (Vote No. 182), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S5610–11 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thurs-day, August 16, 2018, and that notwithstanding Rule XXII, all post-cloture time be considered ex-pired at 12 noon.
                                                       Page S5669 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AU8.REC D15AUPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD916 August 15, 2018 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Robert H. McMahon, of Georgia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Defense. 2 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S5669 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5616 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S5616 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5616–18 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5619–20 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S5621 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5615–16 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5621–59 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5659 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—182)
                                                                Page S5611 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 noon and ad-journed at 6:34 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, August 16, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5669.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NATIONAL PARKS LEGISLATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on National Parks concluded a hearing to examine S. 599 and H.R. 1488, bills to redesignate the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore as the ‘‘Indi-ana Dunes National Park’’, S. 1644, to clarify the status of the Captain John Smith Chesapeake Na-tional Historic Trail as a unit of the National Park System, S. 1926 and H.R. 2156, bills to provide for the establishment of a national memorial and na-tional monument to commemorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, S. 1987 and H.R. 2600, bills to provide for the conveyance to the State of Iowa of the rever-sionary interest held by the United States in and to certain land in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, and to express the sense of Congress relating to the contin-ued provision of information relating to certain na-tional historic trails, S. 1993, to adjust the boundary of the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area to include the Rim of the Valley Corridor, S. 2015, to clarify the status of the North Country, Ice Age, and New England National Scenic Trails as units of the National Park System, S. 2441, to amend the Steel Industry American Heritage Area Act of 1996 to repeal the funding limitation, S. 2570, to repeal the funding authorization sunset and the total funding cap for the Essex National Herit-age Area, S. 2604, to amend the Oil Region Na-tional Heritage Area Act to reauthorize the Oil Re-gion National Heritage Area, S. 2672, to authorize the Society of the First Infantry Division to make modifications to the First Division Monument lo-cated on Federal land in President’s Park in Wash-ington, DC, S. 2870, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the site known as ‘‘Amache’’ in the State of Colo-rado, S. 2876, to amend the National Trails System Act to provide for the study of the Pike National Historic Trail, S. 2889 and H.R. 4895, bills to es-tablish the Medgar Evers National Monument in the State of Mississippi, S. 2831 and H.R. 5751, bills to redesignate Golden Spike National Historic Site and to establish the Transcontinental Railroad Net-work, S. 3176 and H.R. 5979, bills to establish the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, S. 3287 and H.R. 5655, bills to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, S. 3298, to extend the authority of the Viet-nam Veterans Memorial Fund, Inc., to establish a visitor center for the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, and H. Con. Res. 33, designating the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library, after re-ceiving testimony from P. Daniel Smith, Deputy Di-rector, Exercising the Authority of the Director, Na-tional Parks Service, Department of the Interior. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in Pro Forma session at 9 a.m. on Friday, August 17, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D15AU8.REC D15AUPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D917 August 15, 2018 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D902) 
S. 2245, to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admis-sion into the United States as E–1 and E–2 non-immigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand. Signed on August 1, 2018. (Public Law 115–226) S. 2850, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. Signed on August 1, 2018. (Public Law 115–227) H.R. 4528, to make technical amendments to cer-tain marine fish conservation statutes. Signed on Au-gust 2, 2018. (Public Law 115–228) H.R. 4645, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System. Signed on Au-gust 2, 2018. (Public Law 115–229) H.R. 5729, to restrict the department in which the Coast Guard is operating from implementing any rule requiring the use of biometric readers for biometric transportation security cards until after submission to Congress of the results of an assess-ment of the effectiveness of the transportation secu-rity card program. Signed on August 2, 2018. (Pub-lic Law 115–230) S. 2779, to amend the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001. Signed on August 8, 2018. (Public Law 115–231) H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year. Signed on August 13, 2018. (Public Law 115–232) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Com-munications Commission, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of William Cooper, of Maryland, to be General Counsel, and Lane Genatowski, of New York, to be Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, both of the Department of En-ergy, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine implementation of Clean Water Act sec-tion 401 and S. 3303, Water Quality Certification Im-provement Act, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of David Hale, of New Jersey, to be an Under Secretary of State (Political Affairs), 10 a.m., SD–419. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Lynda Blanchard, of Alabama, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Slovenia, Dereck J. Hogan, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Moldova, Kathleen Ann Kavalec, of California, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Albania, Philip S. Kosnett, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Kosovo, and Judy Rising Reinke, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to Montenegro, all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, to hold an oversight hearing to examine efforts to protect unaccom-panied alien children from human trafficking and abuse, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2961, to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990, and the nominations of Ryan Doug-las Nelson, of Idaho, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Richard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit, Gary Richard Brown, Diane Gujarati, Eric Ross Komitee, and Rachel P. Kovner, each to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, Stephen R. Clark, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Missouri, Lewis J. Liman, and Mary Kay Vyskocil, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of New York, John M. O’Con-nor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Districts of Oklahoma, John L. Si-natra, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, Joshua Wolson, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, James W. Carroll, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy, and Ariana Fajardo Orshan, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 10 a.m., SH–219. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15AU8.REC D15AUPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD918 August 15, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, August 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12 noon. Following disposition of the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of Julius Ness Richard-son, of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, August 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 9 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15AU8.REC D15AUPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST