Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1181 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2018 No. 30 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 15, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ICHAEL K. S
IMPSON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We thank You, O God, for giving us another day. Enlighten the hearts of those who are faithful and tireless in securing equal justice under the law. Fulfill the hopes of those who long for peace and security for their children. Guide and protect all elected officials and all who choose to serve this Nation and their local communities through public service. May Your will be done in and through the Members of this people’s House, those who trust in Your divine guidance and those, as well, who rely upon the gifts You have endowed them with. Even in the midst of conflicting opinions and philosophical differences, may they strive to come to mutually beneficial ends. Unite Your people and keep them fo-cused on the essentials that reflect Your kingdom. May the fire of divine love and human freedom renew the face of the Earth. May all that is done today be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRA -
DER) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SCHRADER led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. RECOGNIZING HALEYVILLE, ALA-BAMA, AS THE BIRTHPLACE OF THE FIRST EVER 911 CALL (Mr. ADERHOLT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my hometown and my home State of Haleyville, Alabama, as the birthplace of the first ever 911 phone call that was placed 50 years ago tomorrow, February 16, 1968. This pioneering phone call remains a source of great pride in our city, in our State. The phone call was placed by Alabama’s then-Speaker of the House, Rankin Fite; and my predecessor, Con-gressman Tom Bevill. The call was made on a bright red phone that has been showcased in our city hall for the last several years. I am proud to report to my col-leagues this morning that this red phone, a piece of Haleyville history, will be temporarily showcased as a piece of American history at the Smithsonian. The current mayor of Haleyville, Ken Sunseri, has done an outstanding job in marking this anni-versary for our town; and, by the way, his father-in-law, James Whitt, was the mayor at the time the phone call was made. I want to personally thank the mayor and so many others, including the National Emergency Number Asso-ciation and all the 911 organizations, for all their efforts to recognize this 50th anniversary of the world’s first 911 call. f 
PASS A DREAM ACT TO PROTECT DACA RECIPIENTS (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share Miriam’s DACA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.000 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1182 February 15, 2018 
story and continue to demand that House Republicans allow a vote on the Dream Act. Miriam was brought to Or-egon by her parents when she was a lit-tle girl. She is grown and has not al-lowed her immigration status to deter her from working hard or pursuing her dreams. When DACA was established in 2012, it opened a path that was unknown to her and has allowed her passion to flourish. Miriam is currently a sopho-more in college, and her future is full of hope. She dreams of one day holding public office here at home and hopes to work towards a career in either public schools or as a computer engineer in the healthcare sector. This is a young lady who is working hard, doing the right things to better herself, and who maintains goals that give back to her community and this amazing country that raised her. The sad reality is this Republican- controlled Congress and administration are holding Miriam’s dreams hostage by not allowing a vote on the Dream Act. It is inhumane to continue to en-tangle the lives of these young folks in partisan games. Let’s do the right thing. Let’s get a Dream Act passed so that our country can move forward and protect the 800,000 DACA recipients. 
f 
THANKING STENOGRAPHERS DUR-ING NATIONAL COURT REPORT-ING AND CAPTIONING WEEK (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate National Court Re-porting and Captioning Week. As an attorney, from firsthand expe-rience, I can say that court reporters have had and continue to have an enor-mous impact on our legal system, both in a practical matter but also in an im-portant historical sense. As we attor-neys talk away, court reporters tire-lessly capture every single word. The importance of this cannot be underesti-mated. Without their record, there would be no Brown v. Board of Edu-cation, Miranda v. Arizona, or count-less other legal decisions of importance to the American people. Captioners also do wonderful work to help better the lives for millions of Americans who are deaf and hard of hearing by providing captioning realtime. So, on National Court Reporting and Captioning Week, I want to thank the thousands of Americans who work in this industry for their hard work and dedication. 
f 
CONGRESS SHOULD REJECT THE DIRTY BUDGET AND INFRA-STRUCTURE SCAM (Ms. M
CCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, as Americans, we have a responsibility to protect our environment and our public lands for today and for tomorrow, and that is why we, Congress, passed clean air and clean water laws. That is why we protected our public lands and treasured spaces. President Trump has a different set of priorities. With his dirty budget and his infrastructure scam, President Trump is attacking basic environ-mental safeguards. The Trump budget cuts environmental protections and makes it impossible for the EPA to keep American families safe and healthy. The Trump budget stops essential re-search on climate change, slashes clean energy development, and threatens en-dangered species. The Trump infra-structure scam repeals basic environ-mental safeguards and sells off our public lands to Big Oil. Once again, President Trump is putting polluters and their profits first at the expense of America’s families being healthy. Our air, water, and our land should never be partisan issues. Congress must reject this dirty budget and infrastruc-ture scam and work to protect our en-vironment and not destroy it. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PENNSBURY SCHOOL DISTRICT FOR THEIR FOCUS ON MENTAL HEALTH ISSUES (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Pennsbury School District in Bucks County, Penn-sylvania, for their focus on the mental health of their students and our com-munity at large and their determina-tion to end the drug epidemic. Pennsbury School District recently launched an onsite mental health coun-seling program for their high school students and their families in partner-ship with the district’s new Addiction and Mental Health Task Force. The clinical counseling, in partner-ship with St. Mary Medical Center and Family Service Association of Bucks County, began last month at the Pennsbury High School. The district hopes to continue its partnership and expand the program to students and families in the elementary and middle school communities. As the co-chair of the Bipartisan Her-oin Task Force, we have worked tire-lessly, both in Congress and in our communities, to find solutions to this devastating epidemic. We are so en-couraged by the steps that these mem-bers of our community are taking to address the issues of mental health and addiction. We encourage every school district in Bucks County to follow the lead of Pennsbury School District in both edu-cating and protecting our children, and we also thank the St. Mary Medical Center and Family Service Association of Bucks County for partnering with the Pennsbury School District in this critical program. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because, on a day when schoolchildren should be thinking about baseball tryouts, prom, and col-lege selections, again they head to school living the reality that a gun may strike them down at any moment. Today 17 children will never again re-turn to their school in Florida, casual-ties in America’s 18th shooting in 44 days. Once again parents and coun-selors will have to bring the comfort and security that this Congress refuses to offer. This week in Chicago, a decorated po-lice commander, Paul Bauer, was shot and killed, another officer lost in a dis-turbing trend of police shootings that we have not addressed either. Mr. Speaker, Melissa Falkowski, a teacher in that school, asked when Congress will do something. A student said, The country needs to look in the mirror. He said, We cannot get used to this. This cannot become the norm. Do you remember the terror you felt as grown men on that baseball field? Well, imagine those young people in that school, in our neighborhoods, at a concert, in a park. Despite your words, your prayers, you have proven over and over you don’t care about anyone but yourselves and your contributions. It is sickening, and shame on you. 
f 
LOS HERNANDEZ TAMALES HON-ORED WITH JAMES BEARD FOUN-DATION AWARD (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Los Hernandez Tamales in Union Gap, Washington, for winning the James Beard Foundation’s 2018 America’s Classics Award. Felipe and June Hernandez, as well as their daughter and son-in-law, Ra-chel and Dion Wilburn, have operated the tamale eatery in the Yakima Val-ley for the last three decades. Felipe came to America from Mexico to work in agriculture and opened Los Her-nandez Tamales in 1990. This family- owned establishment is well known for its pork, chicken, and seasonal aspar-agus tamales and, until now, remained a relatively secret spot among us locals. The James Beard Foundation Amer-ica’s Classics Award honors locally owned restaurants that are cherished for quality food that reflects the char-acter of their community, and Los Her-nandez Tamales is the first restaurant in central Washington to be recognized by the foundation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.003 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1183 February 15, 2018 
I, my family, my friends, and my staff can all attest that this award is well deserved, and it is an honor to rec-ognize the Hernandezes for their hard work and accomplishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING PENN STATE’S THON (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow marks one of the finest traditions on Penn State’s campus, a 46-hour dance marathon called THON. THON is the grand finale of a year-long fundraising campaign that Penn State students undertake for the kids. Beginning at 5 p.m. on Fri-day, more than 700 recognized dancers will put their stamina to the test and dance for 46 hours, without sleep, at the Bryce Jordan Center. But it is much more than that. THON is the largest student-run philanthropy in the world, and it raises money to fight pediatric cancer. The proceeds raised go directly to Four Diamonds, which benefits the Penn State Chil-dren’s Hospital in Hershey. Four Dia-monds ensures that families who are battling pediatric cancer are not faced with any costs, allowing them to fully focus on the needs of their child. THON 2017 raised more than $10 million. Since its inception, THON has raised more than $146 million. Mr. Speaker, I am always in awe of the power of our Penn State students and their care and concern for others. I wish everyone participating the best of luck. We are. 
f 
ADA EDUCATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 620. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Vir-ginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 736 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 620. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b0914 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through education, to clarify the re-quirements for demand letters, to pro-vide for a notice and cure period before the commencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes, with Mr. SIMPSON in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on the Judiciary. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. b0915 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Private enforcement of title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act is a critical tool for disabled individuals to gain access to places like res-taurants and shopping centers. Most businessowners, however, feel blindsided when they are sued for vio-lations they were unaware of. This has been the case even for dis-abled businessowners who have testi-fied before the House Judiciary Com-mittee. Lee Ky testified in 2016. She runs one of her family’s doughnut shops that was sued for technical viola-tions of the ADA because a restroom sign was in the shape of a triangle in-stead of a square. A person who has never walked in her life, Ky testified that she is proud of this Nation’s effort to improve accessi-bility by enacting the ADA, but she thinks that businesses should be given an opportunity to remove barriers be-fore getting sued. Donna and David Batelaan have also testified. They were co-owners of a store that sold accessibility devices in Florida. Despite employing two people who used wheelchairs, despite them-selves using wheelchairs, and despite the fact that virtually their entire cli-entele was composed of customers who had mobility limitations, they were sued because they had not painted lines and posted a sign for a ‘‘handicapped’’ spot required by the ADA. Indeed, according to their testimony, it was later found that they had been just one of many businesses targeted by an unscrupulous, out-of-state attor-ney. According to Mrs. Batelaan, it did not matter that their parking lot and store were totally accessible. It was greed that was driving these suits. These examples are among many shared by businesses across the coun-try. The ADA’s private right of action, which was originally intended to be the primary enforcement mechanism to achieve greater access, has instead en-couraged a cottage industry of costly and wasteful litigation that neither benefits the business nor disabled indi-viduals seeking more accessibility. A report aired on ‘‘60 Minutes’’ on December 4, 2016, for example, featured several small-business owners who were subject to what are known as ‘‘drive-by’’ lawsuits. In such lawsuits, commonly filed by opportunistic trial lawyers, the plaintiff need only drive by the property, not actually visit it, to file a lawsuit alleging an ADA viola-tion. In other cases, plaintiffs can even use Google Earth to target alleged vio-lations and, in turn, file lawsuits be-fore even notifying a small-business owner of the problem. The fact that these types of small businesses are ill-equipped to defend an ADA lawsuit is the reason why they are sued. Indeed, opportunistic attor-neys are more often willing to settle for just less than it would cost those mom-and-pop businesses to defend themselves in court. According to a 2017 op-ed published in The Hill, a con-servative estimate of the average set-tlement amount is $7,500. Given that plaintiff attorneys’ mo-tive is often to line their own pockets, there is little or no incentive to work with businesses to cure a violation be-fore a lawsuit is filed. This results in wasted resources that could have been used to improve access. H.R. 620 is a commonsense solution because it gives businesses a fair chance to cure title III violations be-fore they are forced into a lawsuit, while still preserving the power of the threat of a lawsuit when businesses fail to make the required fixes in a timely manner. H.R. 620 will create more access for more Americans more quickly because businesses would much rather fix an access problem quickly than face an unpredictable and expensive lawsuit that could hurt their ability to expand access in other ways. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense reform, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, before we discuss the bill before us today, I want to address the horrible school shooting in Florida yes-terday. We mourn the deaths of those shot and killed, and we support those who were injured and the families of the victims. But we must also do more to prevent future shootings in our schools and on our streets. There have been 18 school shootings in this country so far this year, and it is only February. According to a Wash-ington Post analysis, over the last 19 years, more than 150,000 students at-tending at least 170 primary and sec-ondary schools have experienced a shooting on campus. That does not in-clude violence outside of the class-room. We cannot allow this to continue. It is long past due for the House to con-sider legislation on this floor to help prevent gun violence. Our calls for hearings and for action on gun violence prevention legislation have been met 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.004 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1184 February 15, 2018 
with silence. Congress did nothing after Columbine 20 years ago, and noth-ing after Sandy Hook 5 years ago. Inac-tion is unacceptable. Moments of si-lence are completely inadequate. Our citizens demand that we act without delay. Mr. Chairman, H.R. 620, the so-called ADA Education and Reform Act of 2017, would undermine the civil rights of Americans with disabilities by signifi-cantly weakening the key enforcement tool of the ADA Act of 1990, which is the filing of private lawsuits by dis-crimination victims. Congress passed the ADA 28 years ago with the goals of fully integrating per-sons with disabilities into the main-stream of American life and counter-acting discriminatory social attitudes toward the disabled. By making it harder for persons facing such discrimi-nation to vindicate their rights in court, this bill ultimately undermines those goals. H.R. 620 would, among other things, institute a pre-suit notice and cure re-gime under the title III of the ADA, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability in public accom-modations, like hotels, restaurants, private schools, and healthcare pro-viders. Specifically, the bill would prohibit a disability discrimination victim from filing a lawsuit to enforce his or her rights under title III unless the victim first notifies a business of a title III violation. The victim must then wait up to 180 days to allow the business ei-ther to comply with the law or simply to make some undefined level of sub-stantial progress—whatever that means—toward complying with the law. No Federal civil rights statute im-poses such onerous requirements on discrimination victims before they can have the opportunity to enforce their rights in court. Both individually and cumulatively, this bill’s notice and cure provisions will have the effect of inappropriately shifting the burden of compliance with the Federal civil rights statute from the alleged wrong-doer onto the discrimination victim and perversely incentivizing businesses not to comply voluntarily with the ADA. Moreover, because H.R. 620 does not define the term ‘‘substantial progress,’’ the bill leaves it entirely to a businessowner’s discretion as to wheth-er he has made such progress. At a minimum, this raises the pros-pect of expensive and protracted litiga-tion over the question of whether the business has made sufficiently substan-tial progress should a lawsuit be filed. Such a prospect, along with the need to wait 180 days before filing a lawsuit, may be enough to deter discrimination victims with meritorious claims from even sending a notice of violation, much less filing suit to enforce their rights. In addition, the bill’s notice require-ment is overly burdensome and exces-sive. Rather than simply requiring an aggrieved person to notify a business of the existence of an access barrier, H.R. 620 essentially requires the person to plead a legal case in his or her initial notice. For instance, a victim must cite the specific provision of the ADA that has been violated, describe whether the victim made a request to the business about removing an access barrier, and explain whether an access barrier was temporary or permanent. Such specific information may be very difficult or impossible for a discrimination victim to provide at the notice stage, particu-larly without legal counsel. Finally, H.R. 620 does not even ad-dress the purported problem identified by his proponents who claim that a pre-suit notification is needed to stop lawyers from filing numerous similar lawsuits alleging both Federal ADA claims and State law claims against numerous businesses in order to force quick settlements. That is because many States allow for damages under their State dis-ability rights laws. But this ignores the fact that title III of the Federal ADA only permits recovery of reason-able attorneys’ fees and costs, no re-covery of money damages. In other words, it is State law, not the Federal ADA, which provides the financial in-centive for pursuing numerous law-suits. Additionally, the filing of multiple suits alleging violations of the ADA or State disability laws says nothing about the underlying merits of those suits or the intent of the parties in-volved. To the extent that lawyers actually engage in misconduct, courts already have the tools to address such mis-conduct, including imposing sanctions, refusing to award attorneys’ fees, or dismissing cases that have no legal or factual basis. A pre-suit notification requirement, together with a lack of any require-ment to actually comply with the law, is a virtual get-out-of-jail-free card for every public accommodation in Amer-ica. H.R. 620 substantially diminishes the primary incentive for voluntary com-pliance with title III, which is the cred-ible risk of being sued and having to pay reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. H.R. 620’s notice and cure require-ments, by starkly diminishing the risk of litigation, would send a clear and devastating message to every public accommodation in America that there is no need to comply voluntarily with the ADA. Instead, the bill tells busi-nesses that they should simply wait and see if they ever receive a notice of a violation and to forget about the rights and needs of people with disabil-ities until then. As the former Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge wrote recently in The Hill in opposing H.R. 620: ‘‘. . . it is unacceptable to roll back the civil rights of people with disabilities. We should ensure access, not progress. We should expect businesses to know and comply with their obligations, not re-quire our neighbors and colleagues with disabilities to shoulder the burden of informing and educating businesses about those obligations. We should not turn the business of everyday life into a complex and legal ordeal for people with disabilities.’’ For the foregoing reasons, I oppose H.R. 620 and I urge the House to reject this deeply flawed bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 30 seconds to respond to the gentleman from New York. In point of fact, the United States Code contains several examples in which a potential plaintiff must pro-vide notice before filing a lawsuit. For example, title I of the ADA, in fact, requires a plaintiff to first file an administrative complaint with the EEOC. Unlike a complaint filed in Fed-eral court, it is a method for parties to try to resolve the case before litigation through a conciliation process. As part of this process, the complainant is re-quired to fill out a form that puts the recipient on notice of the alleged issues. Title VII of the Civil Rights Act has a similar process. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
AL-
VERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, the goal of the American with Disabilities Act is to provide access for the disabled. That goal must be pursued and protected. It is important to distinguish, how-ever, that the ADA is not intended to feed drive-by lawsuits and put good people out of business. Unfortunately, my State of Cali-fornia has become ground zero for abu-sive ADA lawsuits. I have heard from many small businesses in my congres-sional district that have fallen victim to abusive ADA lawsuits that are not aimed at improving access to the dis-abled. In fact, California accounts for roughly 40 percent of ADA lawsuits na-tionwide, despite being home to just 12 percent of the country’s disabled popu-lation. Protecting small businesses from abusive lawsuits and ensuring disabled Americans have adequate access are not mutually exclusive goals. That is why I am an original cosponsor of H.R. 620 and believe its passage is critical to both the disabled and to our small businesses. By giving businessowners adequate time to make appropriate changes to provide access, we are re-turning to the original spirit and in-tent of the ADA. I thank my friend from Texas, Rep-resentative P
OE, for his leadership on this issue, as well as the bipartisan group of cosponsors for their support. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this bill and ensure that serial liti-gants are no longer rewarded for tak-ing advantage of an important and meaningful law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.006 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1185 February 15, 2018 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. L
EWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I thank my good friend, the ranking member, Mr. N
ADLER , for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this bill. Many of my colleagues may not re-member when the Civil Rights Act be-came the law of the land in 1964, but I remember. I was there. As a matter of fact, I gave a little blood during the sit-ins, during the Freedom Rides. b0930 I remember the struggle, the fight, and the sacrifice of so many to protect the dignity and the worth of every human being. I was here serving in this very Chamber when the Americans with Disabilities Act became the law of the land 26 years later. Yet today, it is unbelievable; it is unreal; we are con-sidering a bill that turns the clock backwards and strikes a devastating blow in the fight for civil rights. Mr. Chair, I want to make it crystal clear for the record: there is no place in our country for the burden to be placed on those whose rights have and will be violated time and time again. Mr. Chair, this bill is wrong, it is mean-spirited, and it is a shame and a disgrace that we would bring it to the floor. I urge each and every one of my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), a member of the Judi-ciary Committee and the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the chairman for his long work on this issue, and I want to thank a couple of the cosponsors—this is a bi-partisan bill—Congressman P
ETERS , Congresswoman S
PEIER , and Mr. K EN C
ALVERT , who have worked on this for years. I appreciate the words of the gentleman who just spoke, a great leader in civil rights movement, but as he probably knows, title VII of the Civil Rights Act does require notice, as well as this legislation hopefully will do. And let me be clear. This legislation makes the ADA better because it re-quires that businesses be told and be given a chance to fix the problem if there is a problem. Under current law, that is not the case. The goal of this bill, the ADA leg-islation that we have, is to have ac-commodations for the disabled and to make sure businesses comply with that accommodation. When a lawsuit is filed, many times the business is never told what the problem is, and it may be a year or longer before that lawsuit ends up in a Federal court. Under this legislation, businesses, once they are put on notice, they have 180 days to fix the problem or make substantial progress. If the goal of the ADA is to get prob-lems fixed, the legislation we have here helps that. But what is taking place in our country, Mr. Chair, because of the legislation that we currently have under the law, some lawyers, as men-tioned earlier, use the legislation and abuse the legislation under current ADA to the disadvantage of the dis-abled to make a profit for themselves. And here is the way it works, Mr. Chair. A litigant, a plaintiff, will send a letter or sometimes file a lawsuit against a small business. We are not talking about the big businesses—we are talking about small mom-and-pop stores—and telling them they have an ADA violation. The letter—the law-suit—may not even state what the vio-lation is. And the letter says: ‘‘You pay or we will continue the lawsuit.’’ These businesses don’t have the money to hire a lawyer to represent them, so what do they do? They pay the $3,000, $5,000, the extortion, so that those lawsuits are dismissed. The problem that may be alleged in that lawsuit is never required to be fixed for two reasons: one, the lawsuit doesn’t require it; and second, these lawsuits may not state what the prob-lem is. So, if the goal of the ADA is to make businesses comply, these serial plain-tiffs that are filing multiple lawsuits still don’t require that the businesses, even if they get the money, have to comply with the alleged violation. This is happening throughout the United States. Let me mention just a few of these. In Florida, a plaintiff named Howard Cohan filed 529 of these lawsuits; Cali-fornia, a person named Vogel filed 124; Pennsylvania, a plaintiff named Mielo brought 21 lawsuits; and even in New York, a plaintiff named Hirsch brought 24 lawsuits. What are they doing? These plaintiffs may not even live in the State where the violation is sup-posed to occur. These plaintiffs may not even be disabled themselves, but they will file the lawsuit against these businesses, sometimes using Google Maps to find a violation in the parking lot, send a letter from a law firm say-ing, ‘‘You comply with paying us, or this lawsuit’’—or paying us this shake-down is what it amounts to—‘‘or we will continue the lawsuit,’’ and many businesses file or pay the extortion. It has become a profit industry. It doesn’t help the disabled. Contrary to what the other side has said, these lawsuits do not help the disabled. In fact, I think these lawsuits are being filed on behalf of serial plaintiffs who want nothing else except to receive ex-tortion money. Before my time is completed, I want to mention some of the Federal judges. One Federal judge from New York has taken notice of these cases. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, Federal judges have said that there are issues with these drive-by lawsuits. Judge Brian Cogan of the Eastern District of New York, in 2016, in his de-cision, said that these cases, ‘‘are brought against small bars and grills, restaurants, or bodegas or occasionally corner grocery stores (and sometimes their landlords), which are likely ill- equipped financially to vigorously de-fend these violations, and it is to in-timidate businesses to settle before the trial takes place.’’ I have parents that are in their 90s. I am concerned about access for all dis-abled people, and the thought that this bill makes it worse for the disabled is wrong. This bill makes businesses com-ply and puts them on notice. If they don’t comply within the time period, then file the lawsuit, go after them, but businesses should be able to have the notice of what the problem is so that they can fix it, which is the goal of the ADA: to make businesses com-ply. And that is just the way it is. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. SCOTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. H.R. 620, the so-called ADA Edu-cation and Reform Act of 2017, is an at-tack on the civil rights of Americans with disabilities. The Americans with Disabilities Act, or the ADA, is a civil rights law passed in 1990 to protect peo-ple with disabilities from discrimina-tion in all aspects of society. I recognize that the ADA falls within the committee jurisdiction of the Judi-ciary Committee, and I am here as the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce because, if H.R. 620 were to become law, it would have a profound effect on students and workers with disabilities who are try-ing to learn, work, or just generally ac-cess their community. Mr. Chair, prior to the ADA, people with disabilities had no recourse if they faced discrimination in employ-ment, housing, transportation, health services, or when accessing public schools. The ADA is nearly 28 years old, and yet we still have continued gross noncompliance with the law. H.R. 620 specifically targets title III of the ADA regarding access to public accommodations. Title III prohibits discrimination in public accommoda-tions such as restaurants, shopping malls, and hotels. By adding a notice and cure requirement, H.R. 620 shifts the compliance burden to the victims of discrimination. H.R. 620 effectively provides that dis-crimination against people with dis-abilities can continue until somebody hires a lawyer to file a legal complaint of discrimination. Then the bill allows 6 more months to achieve some unde-fined substantial progress. So even when people know they are out of com-pliance with the ADA, they don’t have to do anything under the bill until somebody files a formal legal com-plaint. Mr. Chair, this bill does not help peo-ple with disabilities. This is an attack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.008 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1186 February 15, 2018 
on civil rights. That is why the dis-ability community and civil rights communities are unanimously opposed to H.R. 620. There are 236 organizations that joined a letter, led by the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities, opposing the bill. More than 500 national and State organizations signed a letter, led by the National Council on Inde-pendent Living, urging Congress to re-ject the bill. More than 200 organiza-tions signed a letter, led by The Lead-ership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, urging Congress to reject the bill. The ADA was enacted to eliminate barriers of discrimination against peo-ple with disabilities. And so I strongly urge each of my colleagues to stand with people with disabilities: protect civil rights by voting ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. P
ETERS ), the primary co-sponsor of this legislation. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman for yielding. One thing I want to agree with Mr. N
ADLER on is his comments about the tragedy yesterday in Florida. I com-pletely endorse those comments with respect to that tragic event. I do rise today in support of H.R. 620, the ADA Education and Reform Act. Today, as Members have heard, the ADA is being abused by a few bad ac-tors who are serving their own personal interest, financial interest, not fight-ing for the disabled. They file lawsuits and immediately settle them for a few thousand dollars without actually re-quiring that anything be fixed. Nobody says this abuse is not happening. No-body says this advances the cause of access. A small restaurant owner in down-town San Diego tells a typical story. It was sued by an attorney who had filed 50 ADA suits against restaurants in San Diego County in 1 year. The bar-riers claimed in that suit didn’t exist. The tables were at ADA compliant height, the bathroom was accessible, there was access between tables, but the property owner’s attorney told him it could cost him upwards of $50,000 to prove it in court, so they settled with the plaintiff for $2,500. The serial litigant got the quick pay-off he wanted although there were no violations that had to be fixed, and if there were violations, it wouldn’t have required that they be fixed. We hear stories all the time of lawsuits settled without any barriers being fixed. Now, some State governments have acted to curb this abuse. And do you know who has led the fight against the abuse of disability laws? California Democrats. In 2016, Governor Jerry Brown signed S. 269, authored by a Democratic State senator and passed by a majority Democratic legislature. It gives busi-nesses 120 days to correct violations claimed by a plaintiff. It is a bipartisan solution that educates businessowners on compliance, redirects payouts to settle claims away from lawyers and toward actually improving access, and it protects against these cookie-cutter lawsuits filed by serial plaintiffs. Now, let me address some of the issues that have been raised today. We are trying to provide the same kind of correction at the Federal level. First, this bill doesn’t turn anyone into a second-class citizen by requiring notice and an opportunity to cure. The concept of notice and cure is not new to private rights of action. In fact, it is very common. Under the Clean Water Act in which I practice, if a complainant has to no-tify violators of a violation, the viola-tor has 60 days to fix the problem be-fore he can file a private right of ac-tion. And in civil rights laws, too, as has been said, notice and opportunity to cure is common. Before you can file a lawsuit for a hostile workplace envi-ronment, for instance, you have to file a claim and give the employer the chance to fix it. And the same is true, quite iron-ically, for disability. If you want to file a notice on reasonable accommodation, you have to give the opportunity to fix it. Today, we are asking that businessowners be given the same chance to fix problems that we cur-rently give employers. Second, the bill does not hold harm-less public accommodations. Under H.R. 620, public accommodations are still responsible for ensuring access under threat of litigation. If a property owner fails timely and adequately to respond to a notice, she is subject to the same remedies that exist today. Third, a notice and cure period does not shift the burden of compliance from businesses to victims. Today, if a public accommodation is out of compli-ance with the ADA, a plaintiff—a real plaintiff who had a problem with it— would have to file a lawsuit to force compliance. Under H.R. 620, a plaintiff would be able to file a notice that starts the timeline to fix the problems that exist. That doesn’t shift the bur-den. And finally, H.R. 620 does not weaken the rights of the disabled. On the con-trary, it facilitates the removal of bar-riers to ensure better access for the disabled within a short period of time, discouraging the quick payoffs that do nothing for access. b0945 No one solution proposed by Congress is ever perfect. I have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find amendments and changes to the law to make the timeline for fixes tighter and to tighten the definitions of compliance. In fact, many of the de-fects that are noticed by Mr. N
ADLER , I believe, will be addressed by amend-ments today. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from California. Mr. PETERS. Specifically, we will have a provision for plain language no-tice, which I think is an improvement: 120-day clarification instead of 180 days, and a better definition of what substantial progress means. I think we can continue to improve the bill, and I hope to work with my colleagues and the Senate to do that. But in the face of undisputed abuse of one of our Nation’s civil rights laws for personal gain, I am certain that doing nothing is the worst response. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this bill. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from New York for yielding. Mr. Chairman, because we are talk-ing about need this morning, having seen Mr. D
EUTCH in Florida, let me offer my deepest sympathy for the tragic loss of our children. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to be able to speak for many of those who cannot be on the floor today, and that is the millions of disabled Americans; and to be able to say that with all of the con-sternation and the uncomfortableness of some of the very important people in America: small businesses, the engine of our economy. I have to stand and speak for the value of civil rights and the civil rights of Americans with disabilities who waited for centuries to not be looked upon in distaste and disgust. I remember preceding the passage of the American with Disabilities Act. George H.W. Bush is a Texan, and I see often his passion for passing that bill. There are 57 million Americans with disabilities. That translates to 1 in 5 Americans. There are 31 million Ameri-cans with physical disabilities. I heard some of their comments: ‘‘As an older woman with disabilities, I feel invisible.’’ Or ‘‘I am not living; I am just existing.’’ The ‘‘notice and cure’’ framework in-cluded in this bill would fundamentally change the structure of the ADA’s pub-lic accommodations title and remove any reasons for business to comply proactively with the law. The same as the Voting Rights Act of 1965 that we now suffer because we gut-ted section 4 and section 5, and we have voter suppression, and people are not having their civil rights in terms of voting. You touch this in a way that you un-dermine the very existence of people living with disabilities. I am outraged, even though I am empathetic. But if it is a problem of lawyers, State bars can regulate them and State courts can regulate them. You can pun-ish or sanction lawyers who do not have the proper protocols. Mr. Chairman, this is wrongheaded. I ask my colleagues to stand for civil rights for Americans with disabilities. This is not just an amendment. It is undermining the civil rights of those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.010 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1187 February 15, 2018 
who are living with disabilities. They have a right to live. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 620, the ‘‘ADA Education and Reform Act,’’ legisla-tion that would infringe on important civil rights of Americans who live with physical disabil-ities. I am deeply troubled that the House of Rep-resentatives is taking up H.R. 620, legislation that would remove any incentive businesses currently have to comply with this longstanding civil rights law and undermining protections that allow millions to live independently and in the dignified manner they deserve. There are about 57 million Americans with disabilities; that number translates to 1 in 5 Americans. There are 31 million Americans with phys-ical disabilities who use a wheelchair, cane, crutches, or a walker. And for that I commend former President George H. W. Bush, along with many mem-bers of Congress, for their leadership in pass-ing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, legislation that made our country’s pub-lic spaces more accessible to those with dis-abilities. H.R. 620 would require disabled persons to notify businesses of a violation of the ADA’s public accommodation provisions contained in title III of the act, and wait up to 180 days to remedy that alleged violation before a lawsuit could be filed, presenting a direct undermining of the civil rights of Americans with disabilities. The ‘‘notice and cure’’ framework included in this bill would fundamentally change the structure of the ADA’s public accommodations title and remove any reasons for business to comply proactively with the law. H.R. 620’s notice and cure provisions will have the effect of inappropriately shifting the burden of enforcing compliance with a federal civil rights statute from the alleged wrongdoer onto the discrimination victim. Moreover, it would undermine the carefully calibrated voluntary compliance regime that is one of the hallmarks of the ADA, a regime formed through negotiations between the dis-ability rights community and the business community when the ADA was being drafted 28 years ago. H.R. 620 would, instead, perversely incentivize a public accommodation to not comply with the ADA unless and until it re-ceives a notice of a violation pursuant to H.R. 620’s notice provision. Finally, the bill does nothing to address the problem that its proponents seek to address, which is the purported concern with the filing of meritless lawsuits by certain plaintiffs’ attor-neys, a problem (to the extent that it is actu-ally a problem) that is one of state law, not the federal ADA. This is not the first time in this Congress, or even this year, that I witness the Republicans, allegedly a party for state’s rights, completely undermine the established idea that tort law should be left for states to legislate without in-terference from federal mandates. H.R. 620’s proponents have never ade-quately articulated why federal law must be amended to address a problem driven by state law. Also, the bill makes no attempt to distin-guish between meritorious and non-meri-torious lawsuits and would, instead, impose its harmful and unnecessary requirements on all ADA claims, regardless of potential merit. I remain adamantly opposed to any effort to weaken the ability of individuals to enforce their rights under federal civil rights laws and I am concerned that H.R. 620 would under-mine the key enforcement mechanism of the ADA and other civil rights laws, namely, the ability to file private lawsuits to enforce rights. Joining me and my colleagues in opposition is a broad coalition of 236 disability rights groups, including: American Foundation for the Blind, the Bazelon Center for Mental Health, the Christopher and Dana Reeve Founda-tion, the National Council on Independent Living, the National Disability Rights Network, the Paralyzed Veterans of America, Vietnam Veterans of America, the AFL–CIO, the Anti-Defamation League, Human Rights Campaign, the NAACP, and the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund. Additionally, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights opposes the bill be-cause it would ‘‘remove incentives for busi-nesses to comply with the law unless and until people with disabilities are denied access’’ which ‘‘would lead to the continued exclusion of people with disabilities from the mainstream of society and would turn back the clock on disability rights in America.’’ Likewise, the American Civil Liberties Union opposes H.R. 620 because it would ‘‘fun-damentally alter [the] way in which a person with a disability enforces their civil rights and would severely limit access to places of public accommodations.’’ For the foregoing reasons and those dis-cussed below, we strongly oppose H.R. 620 and respectfully dissent from the Committee report. While it is very important to protect small and growing businesses, we can do so without jeopardizing the rights of disabled individuals to have a day in court. I do not believe that we have crossed the T’s and dotted the I’s with all the information that we should have in trying to improve our situation and address the concerns of many small businesses. Small businesses are the heartbeat of America and the backbone of successful com-munities, which is why I have served as one of their strongest advocates during my tenure in Congress. But the reality is that H.R. 620 does not help small businesses, it only hurts the dis-abled. I do, however, hope that we can achieve this balanced goal through a different avenue. So today I stand with Ranking Member N
AD-
LER, Congressman L ANGEVIN and all those who stand for civil rights and for the rights of Americans with disabilities. For these reasons I oppose H.R. 620. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is re-maining on each side? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Vir-ginia has 13 minutes remaining. The gentleman from New York has 17
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1
1⁄2minutes to respond to the gentlewoman from Texas. Opponents of this bill claim it will delay access in some cases, even if just by a few months. But under current law, unscrupulous lawyers already delay filing ADA complaints for months after alleged violations are dis-covered, simply to boost their claim for attorneys’ fees based on hours worked. Here is an affidavit from a former ADA lawyer showing his firm fraudu-lently and routinely waited months to alert businessowners of potential viola-tions and file lawsuits so they could falsely claim many hours of work pre-paring the case when no such work was required. Here is what the lawyer testi-fied to: The alleged time entries at issue in this case include authorizing discovery 6 months in advance of the case being filed. I told Mr. Lopez, the real person in charge, this prac-tice was useless. Mr. Lopez’s response was that increasing legal fees was what I was supposed to do. 
This means that, today, there are months of unnecessary delays before the businessowner is even notified of a violation so they can begin working on fixing the problem. That is an addi-tional delay of months that this bill will eliminate. The bottom line is that, in ADA cases, lawyers routinely delay filing lawsuits to boost their fees. This bill will stop that practice and let that time and money be used instead to in-crease access, not pad the pockets of unethical lawyers. This bill will provide access months sooner than under current law. This is a pro-civil rights bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield to the gen-tlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, first of all, the American Bar Associa-tion supports this legislation. Secondarily, the gentleman is talk-ing about lawyers, not the disabled. Let the State bars and let the State courts regulate these lawyers. Sanc-tion them, just like we have sanctions in the Federal court system. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, re-claiming my time, they oppose our bill to increase sanctions on unethical law-yers. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. R
ASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, one of our great Republican Presidents, Abra-ham Lincoln, who served in this body, spoke of government of the people, by the people, and for the people. We didn’t start out that way, but through civil rights movements and civil rights statutes, we have opened America up. The Americans with Dis-abilities Act has been a crucial piece of legislation to opening America up—our restaurants, our hotels, all of our busi-ness establishments—to tens of mil-lions of Americans who otherwise couldn’t fully participate fully and on an equal basis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.012 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1188 February 15, 2018 
This bill would require a totally novel requirement in the civil rights field, that in order to sue for violations of public accommodations law under the ADA, the person must first notify the business of their alleged violations and then wait 180 days to allow the business to remedy the violation, or make substantial progress towards compliance. No other Federal civil rights law operates this way. They just don’t work like that. The ADA has been in process for 27 years, and there is no reason that any business today should be out of compliance with a very clear directive under the ADA. The new notice and cure provisions will have the effect of shifting the bur-den of enforcement from the wrongdoer to the victim of discrimination. It would incentivize businesses not to comply with the ADA, unless it re-ceives a notice of violation. Now, our colleagues raised questions of overzealous, or vexatious, or abusive litigation by certain lawyers, and we know that there are cases of that. They are in the handful of States that have added damages under the ADA. Understand that, under the ADA, fed-erally, there are no damages. You can just get your costs and your legal fees. So some States have added damages. Then there are some lawyers who are out making trouble. We agree with that. Use the State bars to sanction them. If there is sanctionable behavior, disbar them. Deal with that problem. But don’t cut the heart out of the Americans with Disabilities Act, which has been central to the ability of our people and all of our families to par-ticipate on an equal basis in our econ-omy and in our society. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ). Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of the committee for yielding. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Maryland just said that, after decades, the ADA was well understood and the law was easy to comply with. In many cases, that may be true, but tech-nology has been advancing so quickly that there are areas where the ADA is not clear today, and we are in need of guidance. Mr. Chairman, in the great State of Georgia, scores of businesses have re-ceived demand letters for their websites, that their websites should be considered public accommodations; and demand letters to say those websites do not comply with the ADA, when these businesses do not know how to make their websites comply with the ADA. Fifty credit unions alone, Mr. Chair-man—folks who are in the business of serving our communities—have re-ceived these demand letters, unable to respond. Mr. Chairman, I would like to enter into a colloquy with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), if he would be willing, and ask if he is aware of the issues created by this emergence of technology and the predatory litiga-tion that credit unions, community banks, and other small mom-and-pop businesses are facing. Mr. POE of Texas. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. POE of Texas. Yes, the gen-tleman from Georgia is absolutely cor-rect, I am aware of this matter. Also, I am aware that the gentleman joined Chairman GOODLATTE and about 60 Members of this Chamber last year to urge the Justice Department to fi-nalize a regulation in this area with the intent of providing certainty. Even still, it is not clear that there is a stat-utory obligation under the ADA for the Department of Justice to act, which is why H.R. 620 doesn’t address that issue specifically. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his guidance. Of course, there was no opportunity for the ADA to anticipate the internet, to anticipate websites. So it is unclear whether or not Congress intended for websites to fall inside the public ac-commodations statute. Because of this ambiguity, though, all of the small businesses—everyone with a website presence, Mr. Chair-man—are unclear about whether or not they are violating the law. They don’t even have a framework of guidance so that they could comply with the laws that I know each and every one of these credit unions, community banks, and small businesses wants to do. Mr. Chairman, I would ask the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) if he would be willing to commit to working with me to encourage the Justice De-partment to move forward with some guidance in this area so that we could provide certainty not just to credit unions and not just to community banks, but to all of these small busi-nesses looking to do their very best to comply with the ADA? Mr. POE of Texas. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, as the gentleman is aware, this legisla-tion makes it better for the disabled to have access under the notice and cure requirement. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. POE of Texas. The Judiciary Committee will continue to work with the Department of Justice and stake-holders on this. In fact, for jurisdic-tions where courts have held the ADA does apply to websites, we believe pro-tections in H.R. 620 will be applicable as well. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Chairman, these are small businesses that want to do their very best to comply with the ADA. With guidance, they will be suc-cessful in that effort. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER ). Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Chair-man, I thank my friend, Mr. N
ADLER , for yielding and for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Chairman, as a former Delaware Secretary of Labor, I rise today to strongly oppose H.R. 620, the ADA Edu-cation and Reform Act of 2017. This bill on the floor today would roll back the clock on civil rights for people with disabilities. Twenty-seven years ago, Congress passed the transformative Americans with Disabilities Act, which prohibited discrimination against people with dis-abilities and mandated that they have an equal opportunity to participate in society. Before the ADA, a person with a disability could be barred from a meaningful career, education, and, really, to live a fulfilling life. Mr. Chairman, some claim that the ADA exposes businesses to exorbitant costs or damage awards, but this is not the norm. It is one of the myths that has perpetuated. According to the De-partment of Labor, 57 percent of ac-commodations cost nothing at all, while the rest typically cost only $500. So once you peel back the myths sur-rounding the ADA, we are left with one simple question: Why not comply? The monetary cost is typically mini-mal in comparison to the value of pro-viding qualified Americans with a job or a shot at the American Dream; or giving an individual with a disability the means to go to the grocery store, pick up their children from childcare, or travel, or work. That is why these standards are so essential. They ensure real, fair, and equal access for everyone. People with disabilities simply want to live an independent life, free from discrimination. This bill rolls back that progress. I will be voting against this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Il-linois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ). b1000 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 620, which would violate the 28-year-old Americans with Disabilities Act by al-lowing public places to bar access to people with disabilities. H.R. 620 would actually allow barriers for the disabled to stay in place as long as ‘‘substantial progress’’ is made to remove them, whatever that means. The ADA was a compromise, giving the disability community access and helping businesses to comply by giving them tax credits and training. H.R. 620 undoes that compromise, making it virtually impossible to enforce the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.013 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1189 February 15, 2018 
ADA’s goal of fairness and inclusion; and that is why the AARP, the Para-lyzed Veterans of America, the Na-tional Council on Independent Living, and the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities oppose this bill. It is why the National Organization of Nurses with Disabilities ‘‘believes that H.R. 620 represents a downward spiral of the Americans With Disabil-ities Act and will impact people with disabilities’ freedom of access . . . across the United States.’’ And it is why 55 Illinois—where I am from—disability groups, led by Access Living, whose president, Marca Bristo, my personal hero, helped enact the Americans with Disabilities Act, she says and they say: ‘‘H.R. 620 . . . would fundamentally harm our Nation’s progress toward an accessible and inte-grated society. The bill telegraphs to individuals with disabilities that . . . their inclusion is not important.’’ Let’s show people with disabilities that they do matter, that they shouldn’t be locked out of restaurants or sporting events or job opportunities, that they should not be treated as sec-ond-class citizens in the American civil justice system. Show your commit-ment to the ADA and to civil rights, and vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD the affidavit that I cited in my earlier remarks. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN  D
ISTRICT OF FLORIDA  Case No. 1:17–cv–24116–KMM Enrique Madrinan, Plaintiff, v. Harbour Shopping Center, Inc. and Luza Corp. d/b/a Donut Gallery Diner, Defendants. 
DEFENDANT LUZA CORP .’S NOTICE OF FILING AF -
FIDAVIT IN RELATION TO DOCKET ENTRY THIR -
TY-THREE , PLAINTIFF ’S REPLY TO DEFEND -
ANTS RESPONSE TO PLAINTIFF ’S MOTION TO  
DISQUALIFY COUNSEL AND LAW FIRM REP -
RESENTING DEFENDANT LUZA CORP ., D/B/A 
DONUT GALLERY DINER  7. Notably, the alleged time entries at issue in this case, include authoring dis-covery six months in advance of the case being filed. Because most cases settled upon filing, and Federal Disability Advocates wanted to bill hours before they settled, they had their off-site team who handled the pre- filing, filing, and service, serve discovery with the Complaint. I repetitively told Mr. Lopez, the real person in charge of Federal Disability Advocates, this practice was use-less because a party cannot propound dis-covery until after the scheduling conference. I even argued that it was counter-productive because it led to a debate over when, and if, discovery was served, which unnecessarily increased legal fees. Mr. Lopez’s response was that increasing legal fees was what I was supposed to do, and that serving discovery with the complaint was part of how to get to ten hours pre-filing. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the minority whip and one of the origi-nal authors of the ADA in 1990. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this legislation. In 1990, President George H.W. Bush declared a long overdue ‘‘independence day’’ for people with disabilities as he signed the historic Americans with Disabilities Act into law. As the House sponsor of the ADA, I shared the Presi-dent’s optimism and hope that every man, woman, and child with a dis-ability can now pass through once- closed doors into a bright new era of equality, independence, and freedom. I was proud to work across the aisle on the ADA and on the ADA Amend-ments Act of 2008, the only time the ADA has ever been amended. We brought together outside groups from a broad range of affiliations to create a framework for policy that would vastly improve accessibility and be agreeable to all. Unfortunately, people with disabil-ities still face stubborn barriers to full inclusion. In the last year, people with differing abilities have had to fight for access to healthcare and the services they need to live independently and with dignity. Now we have on the floor a bill that would undermine the central tenet of the ADA: the right of victims of dis-crimination to seek redress for exclu-sion. Requiring victims of discrimina-tion to provide notice of a violation be-fore bringing a lawsuit is an improper shift of the burden of compliance onto victims, one not required of any other group by any other civil rights law. Not a single civil rights law gives this kind of provision. As the Paralyzed Veterans of Amer-ica wrote in its letter of opposition: ‘‘Veterans with disabilities who honor-ably served their country should not bear the burden of ensuring that busi-nesses in their communities are meet-ing their ADA obligations. Instead, it is the responsibility of businessowners and their associations to educate them-selves about the law’s requirements.’’ Now, this law was passed some 27 years ago. There is no excuse for not knowing the obligations. Our laws do not require such notice for women, Af-rican Americans, Latinos, religious mi-norities, or any other groups protected against discrimination. I acknowledge that there are issues in States that have added compen-satory damages to their State laws. There are no damages in this national ADA law, which was a compromise. A problem with State law, however, should be fixed at the State level and not with a retreat in the Federal law. Lawyers who file vexatious suits may well be in violation of their ethical ob-ligations. Sadly, we are seeing that almost 28 years after its passage and decades of notice as to what is required, tax cred-its so that you can make changes nec-essary to make your place accessible, there are still those who have barriers to full accommodation for Americans with differing abilities, contrary to law. In fact, when we adopted the law, we didn’t have it go into effect for 24 months—2 years—so that people could educate themselves on their respon-sibilities. People with differing abilities still have to fight day in and day out for the access and inclusion to which they should already be entitled under the law as businesses continue to dismiss their obligations. We have a colleague, Senator TAMMY  D
UCKWORTH . She was a helicopter pilot. Her legs were shot off. She now serves in the United States Senate. She is a disabled veteran and an American hero. She wrote the following in The Wash-ington Post about this bill: ‘‘This of-fensive legislation would segregate the disability community, making it the only protected class under civil rights law that must rely on ‘education’— rather than strong enforcement—to guarantee access to public spaces.’’ I will be voting ‘‘no’’ on this legisla-tion in the name of upholding the bed-rock principles of civil rights law in this country and the integrity of the ADA that many of us worked together to enact on a bipartisan basis, an over-whelmingly bipartisan basis, 400 votes- plus, for this legislation. Let us not re-treat this day. Let us not say to those with disabilities: You have got to wait 180 days. What if we said: If you are an African American and you try to go into a place of public accommodations and they wouldn’t admit you, and you said, ‘‘Well, I have got a complaint,’’ and you had to wait 180 days to have that right redressed, that is not right. Let us not treat those with disabil-ities as second-rate citizens. Defeat this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume to respond to the gentleman from Maryland. The technical requirements of title III are constantly changing. We have seen numerous revisions to both regu-lations and guidance, not to mention the resulting case law that affects its interpretation; therefore, the regu-latory requirements of the ADA in 1991 are not the same as those today. There is no better example of these changes than the rise of the internet, which came into its current existence after the ADA was enacted. As people no longer need a physical storefront to have a business, the courts have strug-gled to apply the ADA’s public accom-modation requirements. There is, for example, a current cir-cuit split as to whether companies op-erating exclusively online are subject to these requirements. And with con-tinued advancements in technology, we will continue to see changes to the reg-ulatory requirements. It is perfectly reasonable for small- business owners, many of whom are disabled themselves or of minorities, to have the opportunity to fix a problem before a predatory lawyer simply brings an action for the purpose of re-covering—not fixing the problem, but getting money that could have been better spent by that small business fix-ing the problem. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.016 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1190 February 15, 2018 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Chairman, 28 years after the ADA’s passage, too many businesses re-main inaccessible to persons with dis-abilities. The last thing Congress should be doing is undermining the civil rights of a discrete and insular minority group by making it virtually impossible to enforce their rights in court. That is why more than 230 disability rights groups, civil rights groups, labor unions, and veterans organizations strongly oppose H.R. 620, including the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the AARP, the NAACP, Human Rights Campaign, the AFL– CIO, AFSCME, the Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, the Paralyzed Vet-erans of America, the United Spinal Association, the National Federation of the Blind, and the National Dis-ability Rights Network. I urge the House to abide by these groups’ con-cerns with H.R. 620 and reject this deeply problematic legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I have no speakers remaining other than myself and I am prepared to close. I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 620, the ADA Education and Reform Act. This misguided piece of legislation is being sold to my colleagues and the Amer-ican public as a measure that will help people with disabilities, help busi-nesses come into compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, and help reduce drive-by lawsuits in States that have gone beyond the ADA to allow for monetary awards. In actu-ality, H.R. 620 doesn’t accomplish any of these objectives. What is worse, if passed, this ill-con-sidered bill will not only decimate the protections that people with disabil-ities rely on, it will turn back the clock to a more segregated society, and it will unravel the core promise of the ADA that a disability, visible or other-wise, can never be grounds to justify or tolerate discrimination. Mr. Chairman, I am angry. I am frus-trated. I am insulted. But more than anything, I am disappointed. Further, neither Mr. P
ETERS nor Mr. P OEever even approached me to sit down and have a discussion about this bill, to try to find some common ground to try to actually fix the problem if it is about drive-by lawsuits. Has the Congress really become so di-vorced from the human experience of the disability community that we are willing to sacrifice their rights because it is easier than targeting the root of the problem? Are people with disabil-ities, people like me, so easily dis-regarded? I am here to say enough is enough. Mr. Chairman, whether someone is born with a disability, develops a dis-ability, or becomes disabled due to an accident or from having served in our Armed Forces, the fundamental truth is that it happened by chance, cer-tainly not by choice. As the first quadriplegic elected to the United States Congress, I overcame many obstacles to sit beside you as a Member of this Chamber, but I would never have had the opportunities that I cherish today without the tireless ef-forts of those who came before me to fight for the rights of people with dis-abilities. Mr. Chairman, I was injured in 1980, at just 16 years of age, a full 10 years before the passage of the ADA, and I certainly remember what life was like before the ADA became law. I remem-ber that I couldn’t go inside a public building that didn’t have a ramp, couldn’t travel without accessible transportation, and was excluded from gatherings in restaurants and libraries, movie theaters and sports venues that couldn’t accommodate a wheelchair. I struggled to wash my hands at a sink, access a restroom, and enter a classroom. I even declined matricula-tion at my first-choice college because the challenge of getting around the campus would have been too difficult, if not impossible. Mr. Chairman, the ADA brought more than just the recognition that disability rights are civil rights. It brought hope and opportunity to mil-lions of people, and it brought dignity. b1015 Mr. Chairman, after all, having a dis-ability should not limit opportunity, and it is with opportunity that people with disabilities can lead more active, productive, and independent lives. The ADA was passed nearly 28 years ago, and instead of holding people ac-countable to correctly implement the law, especially when free resources and technical information are readily available, H.R. 620 weakens Federal protections under the ADA, protections that prohibit discrimination on the basis of a disability. The ADA does not allow people to sue for compensatory or punitive damages, only injunctive relief. Yet some States have gone beyond the Federal law to permit monetary awards. H.R. 620 seeks to address the issue by including a notice and cure period. Well, the idea that places of public accommodation should receive a free pass for 6 months before correctly im-plementing a law that has been a part of our legal framework for nearly three decades creates an obvious disincentive for ADA compliance. People with disabilities, Mr. Chair-man, still face immeasurable obstacles, despite the progress of our great Na-tion since the passage of the ADA. This past year, the disability commu-nity has had to fight to preserve access to healthcare, the long-term services and supports that are a lifeline for so many under Medicaid, and the ability to maintain certain protections and credits under the Tax Code. Mr. Chairman, they are tired, and I am tired, of defending against efforts to weaken our rights. I urge my col-leagues to see past the smoke and mir-rors and irresponsible claims that H.R. 620 is anything but an appalling effort to strip away the civil rights of a pro-tected class of Americans. Mr. Chairman, every vote in support of H.R. 620 will be a message to people with disabilities that we are not wor-thy of inclusion, acceptance, or deserve the same civil rights protections as others. Mr. Chairman, as Members of Con-gress, Americans with disabilities look upon us to defend their rights. Let us not vote to eliminate them. Let us make them proud and reject H.R. 620. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Vir-ginia has 6 minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, the House Judiciary Committee, over decades, has heard testimony from many disabled owners of businesses, several of whom have testified before the committee who themselves have been extorted by trial lawyers to pay thousands of dollars to lawyers. That money could have been spent on making small adjustments to the premises to easily overlooked tech-nical violations. Let me give you an example. Take the testimony of Donna Batelaan, who owned a store for the disabled, and her-self used a wheelchair. It was a store devoted entirely to selling accessibility devices and similar items. She was made to pay $2,000 in attor-neys’ fees for a simple fix that cost $100. Clearly, Mrs. Batelaan was deeply interested in accommodating the dis-abled, yet she, too, was caught up in a legal shakedown. She said the following before the House Judiciary Committee: ‘‘We have co-owned a mobility equipment busi-ness in south Florida for the last 20 years. Our parking lot and our building are totally wheelchair accessible. We employ two people who use wheel-chairs, and we ourselves use wheel-chairs, and all of our customers have mobility limitation. We had not paint-ed the lines and posted a sign on’’—just one of the—‘‘handicapped spot that is required by ADA. An attorney from New Jersey, without notice, filed a suit against us. It cost us less than $100 to correct the infractions and $2,000 for attorneys’ fees.’’ ‘‘The original intent of ADA was to provide access and opportunity to American life for all people with dis-abilities, not to give the legal profes-sion an opportunity to make more money.’’ As Abraham Lincoln’s name was mentioned previously, I want to quote him on the subject of unnecessary and wasteful litigation. In his notes on a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.018 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1191 February 15, 2018 
law lecture he delivered, here is what Abraham Lincoln had to say: ‘‘Discour-age litigation. Point out to them how the nominal winner is often a real loser—in fees, expenses, and waste of time. As a peacemaker, the lawyer has a superior opportunity of being a good man. There will still be business enough.’’ And finally, to that same point, I have to say it is simply ethical prac-tice for lawyers to give a business a heads-up of a potential violation before a lawsuit is filed. There are many other examples in Federal law where that notice to the defendant to cure, including in civil rights actions, is afforded. It should be afforded here as well. Indeed, the vast majority of lawyers do what this bill requires as a matter of simple ethical lawyering. But many lawyers don’t act professionally, and they abuse the law to shake down busi-nesses, taking money away from com-pliance and putting it into their own pockets. All this bill does is require those un-scrupulous trial lawyers to do what ethical lawyers already do: give fair notice of a violation before thousands of dollars in attorneys’ fees are racked up against a small business, diverting money away from accessibility where it belongs. Mr. Chairman, this is the right cor-rection addressing this problem. It will enhance accessibility, it will encourage more work to be done, and it will not deprive anybody the opportunity to no-tify people that they have a problem with accessibility at their business. If they don’t fix it, they will then be the subject of that very lawsuit. But the opportunity to fix it in a prompt fashion is, I think, critically important to making accessibility more available and helping small busi-nesses in America to succeed, thrive, and create even more jobs for people with those disabilities. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chair, I rise today in sup-port of H.R. 620, the ADA Education and Re-form Act of 2017. This is overdue legislation that will increase protections for individuals with disabilities while providing business and property owners the opportunity to remedy ADA infractions before unnecessary lawsuits and the costs that accompany litigation. Under the current ADA law, lawyers may collect fees when suing businesses or property owners, but plaintiffs cannot collect damages. The cur-rent system has created ‘‘drive-by’’ demand letters sent by lawyers, like a bulk mailer, to every location on Main St. or at a small mall. In some cases it was not clear that the plaintiff had even attempted to access the property or had even gone inside. The emphasis was on filing the lawsuit and collecting fees without re-gard for increasing accessibility for the dis-abled. Sometimes the infractions are easily corrected: signage, soap dispenser heights. In my district in east San Diego County we have quaint, older towns that are notable for their historical structures dating back to the 1800s. These communities are proud of their heritage and these buildings are a source of local pride and tourism. In Julian, an old gold mining and apple growing town, the Julian Town Hall was threatened by a lawsuit. A pub-lic relations stunt was held there where some-one crawled up the steps of the town hall, cameras rolling, despite the fact that a handi-cap accessible ramp was located on the side of the building. In Ramona, a predatory lawyer targeted every business on Main St. with var-ious and frivolous claims. It is for these and other reasons I introduced similar legislation, H.R. 777, the ADA Notification Act of 2013. With the ‘‘notice and cure’’ provision in H.R. 620, drive-by lawsuits will be eliminated, busi-ness will have an opportunity to remedy any deficiency, and there will be increased compli-ance and correction because property and business owners cannot defer the corrections. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position to the rule which makes in order H.R. 620, the ‘‘ADA Education and Reform Act,’’ legislation that would infringe on important civil rights of Americans who live with physical dis-abilities. I am deeply troubled that the House of Rep-resentatives is taking up H.R. 620, legislation that would remove any incentive businesses currently have to comply with this longstanding civil rights law and undermining protections that allow millions to live independently and in the dignified manner they deserve. There are about 57 million Americans with disabilities; that number translates to 1 in 5 Americans. There are 31 million Americans with phys-ical disabilities who use a wheelchair, cane, crutches, or a walker. And for that I commend former President George H.W. Bush, along with many members of Congress, for their leadership in passing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, legislation that made our country’s public spaces more accessible to those with disabil-ities. H.R. 620 would require disabled persons to notify businesses of a violation of the ADA’s public accommodation provisions contained in title III of the act, and wait up to 180 days to remedy that alleged violation before a lawsuit could be filed, presenting a direct undermining of the civil rights of Americans with disabilities. The ‘‘notice and cure’’ framework included in this bill would fundamentally change the structure of the ADA’s public accommodations title and remove any reasons for business to comply proactively with the law. H.R. 620’s notice and cure provisions will have the effect of inappropriately shifting the burden of enforcing compliance with a federal civil rights statute from the alleged wrongdoer onto the discrimination victim. Moreover, it would undermine the carefully calibrated voluntary compliance regime that is one of the hallmarks of the ADA, a regime formed through negotiations between the dis-ability rights community and the business community when the. ADA was being drafted 28 years ago. H.R. 620 would, instead, perversely incentivize a public accommodation to not comply with the ADA unless and until it re-ceives a notice of a violation pursuant to H.R. 620’s notice provision. Finally, the bill does nothing to address the problem that its proponents seek to address, which is the purported concern with the filing of meritless lawsuits by certain plaintiffs’ attor-neys, a problem (to the extent that it is actu-ally a problem) that is one of state law, not the federal ADA. This is not the first time in this Congress, or even this year, that I witness the Republicans, allegedly a party for state’s rights, completely undermine the established idea that tort law should be left for states to legislate without in-terference from federal mandates. H.R. 620’s proponents have never ade-quately articulated why federal law must be amended to address a problem driven by state law. Also, the bill makes no attempt to distin-guish between meritorious and non-meri-torious lawsuits and would, instead, impose its harmful and unnecessary requirements on all ADA claims, regardless of potential merit. I remain adamantly opposed to any effort to weaken the ability of individuals to enforce their rights under federal civil rights laws and I am concerned that H.R. 620 would under-mine the key enforcement mechanism of the ADA and other civil rights laws, namely, the ability to file private lawsuits to enforce rights. Joining me and my colleagues in opposition is a broad coalition of 236 disability rights groups, including: American Foundation for the Blind, the Bazelon Center for Mental Health, the Chris-topher and Dana Reeve Foundation, the Na-tional Council on Independent Living, the Na-tional Disability Rights Network, the Paralyzed Veterans of America, Vietnam Veterans of America, the AFL-CIO, the Anti-Defamation League, Human Rights Campaign, the NAACP, and the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund. Additionally, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights opposes the bill be-cause it would ‘‘remove incentives for busi-nesses to comply with the law unless and until people with disabilities are denied access’’ which ‘‘would lead to the continued exclusion of people with disabilities from the mainstream of society and would turn back the clock on disability rights in America.’’ Likewise, the American Civil Liberties Union opposes H.R. 620 because it would ‘‘fun-damentally alter [the] way in which a person with a disability enforces their civil rights and would severely limit access to places of public accommodations.’’ For the foregoing reasons and those dis-cussed below, we strongly oppose H.R. 620 and respectfully dissent from the Committee report. While it is very important to protect small and growing businesses, we can do so without jeopardizing the rights of disabled individuals to have a day in court. I do not believe that we have crossed the T’s and dotted the I’s with all the information that we should have in trying to improve our situation and address the concerns of many small businesses. Small businesses are the heartbeat of America and the backbone of successful com-munities, which is why I have served as one of their strongest advocates during my tenure in Congress. But the reality is that H.R. 620 does not help small businesses, it only hurts the dis-abled. I do, however, hope that we can achieve this balanced goal through a different avenue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.019 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1192 February 15, 2018 
So today I stand with Ranking Member N AD-
LER, Congressman L ANGEVIN and all those who stand for civil rights and for the rights of Americans with disabilities. For these reasons I oppose the rule gov-erning H.R. 620. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, when the Americans with Disabilities Act was first signed into law, President George H.W. Bush praised this bill for its assurance ‘‘that people with disabilities [were] given the basic guaran-tees for which they have worked so long and so hard: independence, freedom of choice, control of their lives, and the opportunity to blend fully and equally into the rich mosaic of the American mainstream.’’ His words were true when the ADA passed, and they are true today. H.R. 620 would reverse decades of progress. It would pave the way for busi-nesses to delay or completely avoid complying with the ADA, and shift the onus on people with disabilities to report noncompliance. If this bill were signed into law, it would effectively hold harmless places of public accommodation for willfully failing to comply with the ADA. This legislation purports to curb ‘‘drive-by’’ lawsuits, which can be a legitimate problem, but these suits have arisen predominantly in states that provide for recovery of money damages in their state laws. The federal ADA does not provide for damages, only injunctive relief and attorney’s fees. This would be a step backwards. We have a responsibility to protect these safeguards and ensure that people with disabilities are provided accessible accommodations. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. S
IMPSON , Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through education, to clar-ify the requirements for demand let-ters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the commencement of a private civil action, and for other pur-poses, had come to no resolution there-on. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 22 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1027 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof Texas) at 10 o’clock and 27 minutes a.m. ADA EDUCATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 736 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 620. Will the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ) kindly resume the chair. b1028 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Americans with Dis-abilities Act of 1990 to promote compli-ance through education, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period be-fore the commencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes, with Mr. S
IMPSON in the chair. The CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, all time for general debate pursuant to House Resolution 736 had expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule, and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 620 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘ADA Edu-cation and Reform Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. COMPLIANCE THROUGH EDUCATION. 
Based on existing funding, the Disability Rights Section of the Department of Justice shall, in consultation with property owners and representatives of the disability rights community, develop a program to educate State and local governments and property owners on effective and efficient strategies for promoting access to public accommoda-tions for persons with a disability (as defined in section 3 of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act (42 U.S.C. 12102)). Such program may include training for professionals such as Certified Access Specialists to provide a guidance of remediation for potential viola-tions of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
SEC. 3. NOTICE AND CURE PERIOD. 
Paragraph (1) of section 308(a) of the Amer-icans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12188(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) A
VAILABILITY OF REMEDIES AND PROCE -
DURES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the remedies and procedures set forth in section 204(a) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000a–3(a)) are the remedies and procedures this title provides to any person who is being subjected to discrimination on the basis of disability in violation of this title or who has reasonable grounds for be-lieving that such person is about to be sub-jected to discrimination in violation of sec-tion 303. Nothing in this section shall require a person with a disability to engage in a fu-tile gesture if such person has actual notice that a person or organization covered by this title does not intend to comply with its pro-visions. ‘‘(B) B
ARRIERS TO ACCESS TO EXISTING PUB -
LIC ACCOMMODATIONS .—A civil action under section 302 or 303 based on the failure to re-move an architectural barrier to access into an existing public accommodation may not be commenced by a person aggrieved by such failure unless— ‘‘(i) that person has provided to the owner or operator of the accommodation a written notice specific enough to allow such owner or operator to identify the barrier; and ‘‘(ii)(I) during the period beginning on the date the notice is received and ending 60 days after that date, the owner or operator fails to provide to that person a written de-scription outlining improvements that will be made to remove the barrier; or ‘‘(II) if the owner or operator provides the written description under subclause (I), the owner or operator fails to remove the barrier or to make substantial progress in removing the barrier during the period beginning on the date the description is provided and end-ing 120 days after that date. ‘‘(C) SPECIFICATION OF DETAILS OF ALLEGED  
VIOLATION .—The written notice required under subparagraph (B) must also specify in detail the circumstances under which an in-dividual was actually denied access to a pub-lic accommodation, including the address of property, the specific sections of the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act alleged to have been violated, whether a request for assist-ance in removing an architectural barrier to access was made, and whether the barrier to access was a permanent or temporary bar-rier.’’. 
SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act take effect 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. MEDIATION FOR ADA ACTIONS RELATED TO ARCHITECTURAL BARRIERS. 
The Judicial Conference of the United States shall, under rule 16 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure or any other appli-cable law, in consultation with property owners and representatives of the disability rights community, develop a model program to promote the use of alternative dispute resolution mechanisms, including a stay of discovery during mediation, to resolve claims of architectural barriers to access for public accommodations. To the extent prac-tical, the Federal Judicial Center should pro-vide a public comment period on any such proposal. The goal of the model program shall be to promote access quickly and effi-ciently without the need for costly litiga-tion. The model program should include an expedited method for determining the rel-evant facts related to such barriers to access and steps taken before the commencement of litigation to resolve any issues related to ac-cess. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 115– 559. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. b1030 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 115–559. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer my amendment to H.R. 620. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.011 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1193 February 15, 2018 
The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 7, strike ‘‘Based on existing funding’’ and insert the following: (a) I
NGENERAL .—Based on existing funding Page 3, insert after line 18 the following: (b) M
ATERIALS PROVIDED IN OTHER LAN-
GUAGES .—The Disability Rights Section of the Department of Justice shall take appro-priate actions, to the extent practicable, to make technical assistance publications re-lating to compliance with this Act and the amendments made by this Act available in all the languages commonly used by owners and operators of United States businesses. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. D
ENHAM ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would ensure that the De-partment of Justice takes appropriate actions to provide ADA compliance materials for businessowners whose primary language is not English. As a Representative from California’s Central Valley, my district is far too familiar with the kinds of abusive law-suits H.R. 620 aims to curb. For years, small businesses—some that make less than $30,000 a year— have been targeted by ‘‘drive-by’’ law-suits from people who are driving by— many of whom are from outside of our State and, certainly, outside of our community. They have been slapped with demands for thousands, even tens of thousands, of dollars for minor in-fractions, like faded parking signs or outdated signage or stripes in the park-ing lot. More often than not, the lawyer or plaintiff didn’t even enter the business in the first place. In too many cases, these lawsuits did not lead to compli-ance. They led to shakedowns and shutdowns. Throughout California and, cer-tainly, throughout California’s Central Valley, we have seen a number of mi-nority businesses and businesses as a whole, small businesses, that have been shut down by many of these shakedown lawsuits where the attorney will call back and say: I understand that you can’t pay us today, but we will put you on a monthly plan. That doesn’t solve any problems for those with disabilities. It certainly doesn’t solve any problems for the businesses. All it does is line the pock-ets of some abusers that are coming into our area that will target dozens of businesses in a day’s or week’s time, only to leave our community without even going into these businesses. In my district alone, Barnwood Res-taurant in Ripon was sued and shut down. Main Street Inn in Ripon was sued. Country Ford Trucks in Ceres was sued. The city hall in Escalon was sued. In Turlock, my hometown, seven businesses less than a mile apart on the same road were sued by the same plaintiff. Forty-three businesses in the city of Modesto were all sued by the same plaintiff. California has been ground zero for this lawsuit abuse. Even the State leg-islature in a State that is not consid-ered conservative by any means has had a number of ADA lawsuit measures aimed at trying to curb those. The Federal Government has a job to fix this, and that is one of the reasons that I am a coauthor and support the ADA Education and Reform Act. I es-pecially support its provisions to in-crease businessowner education on ADA compliance, which I believe my amendment can help to strengthen. In California, 75 percent of the busi-nesses targeted by these types of law-suits are immigrant- or minority- owned businesses. These demographics are more unlikely to be familiar with ADA standards as well as their own legal rights. That is the reason for the shakedown of these minority-owned businesses. One obstacle for these types of businesspeople is that the vast major-ity of the DOJ’s compliance resources aren’t readily available in other lan-guages that they may need to be made available. For example, key sections of a Spanish-translated web page haven’t been updated for 3 years and doesn’t in-clude close to the number of materials available in English. With a district like mine that is over 40 percent His-panic, this is a real problem. If you want businesses to comply with the law, you have to give these businesses the opportunity to comply. Give them the ability to read from their own website what new laws are going into effect every single year. Be-cause if only the lawyers know, then the shakedowns will continue to occur and businesses will continue to lose more of their profits and be unable to provide raises and bonuses to their em-ployees. But worse than that, you will continue to see small businesses shut down. Let me finish on one final note. A few years ago I received a phone call in my office. We had been focused on ADA lawsuit abuse for quite some time. I talked to the lady about her concerns. She explained how she had received a notice in the mail and then a follow-up notice. No attorney had ever come into her restaurant—a small-business owner. She was just trying to make ends meet. In fact, she was not only the proprietor of this restaurant, but she worked the kitchen. In fact, she started the business and worked the front end and the back end. She was the first to come and the last to leave. We have heard a lot of these stories about small businesses and the regu-latory impacts that they face. But in this case, I was amazed to find out when I visited that she was more than happy to fix any ADA compliance issue. As she wheeled around in her wheelchair from her kitchen to the cash register, and her Spanish lan-guage being the first language that she knew, she wanted to fix things for her customers and fix things for those who are coming in with disabilities. We need to give her the opportunity to do that. Mr. Chair, I ask for support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, but I do not oppose the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I want to first commend the gentleman from California for ad-dressing this issue. He is quite right that it is important that, in order to expeditiously make sure that accom-modations for the disabled are made, people have to understand what those requirements are. The regulations on this change frequently and constantly. I do not oppose this amendment. In fact, I support it. I would ask the gen-tleman if he would work with us mov-ing forward to make sure that this does not impose an inordinate burden on the bureaucracy responsible for putting this out so as to delay getting new reg-ulations to protect the ADA folks out. There are many languages spoken by people in various businesses in this country. Some are very common, and that is definitely the case, but we may not have this written in every single language that is spoken by every single individual. Mr. DENHAM. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, I look for-ward to working with the gentleman. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at this time I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman and I thank Mr. D
ENHAM for offering this amendment and letting us all know some of the drive-by lawsuit problems in Cali-fornia. Mr. Chairman, the Department of Justice, for example, has come up with 250 pages of regulations recently about the ADA. These regulations are sent out to the businesses. It is important, as the gentleman from California has mentioned, that these businesses be able to understand what those regula-tions are because many of these busi-nesses that are being targeted by un-scrupulous lawyers are minority-owned businesses, some first-generation Americans who have come into our country trying to make ends meet. So the amendment is a good idea. I support the amendment, and I urge all Members of this body to vote for it as well. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.022 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1194 February 15, 2018 
The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 115–559. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, strike line 19 and all that follows through page 6, line 2. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am offering this amendment with my colleague and fel-low Bipartisan Disabilities Caucus co- chair, Representative G
REGG HARPER . I want to mention that it is the only bi-partisan amendment being offered to H.R. 620, and I think it is important to stress this point. Mr. Chairman, two Members of Con-gress from different political parties— who represent a caucus that exists solely to inform, educate, and high-light issues impacting the disability community—have come together to say that there is something gravely wrong with this bill. We are offering an amendment that would make it palatable. The amend-ment would strike H.R. 620’s notice and cure requirement. As presently writ-ten, the notice and cure section man-dates that someone who claims dis-crimination on the basis of a disability relating to an architectural barrier must provide a written notice that al-lows 60 days in order to acknowledge receipt of the complaint and 120 days to demonstrate substantial progress in removing the barrier before further legal action may be pursued. That is 6 months of waiting without a guarantee that the architectural bar-rier will be removed and access grant-ed. So the idea that places of public ac-commodation must first receive a no-tice before correctly implementing a law that has been part of our legal framework for nearly three decades creates an obvious disincentive for ADA compliance. The proposal of a notice ignores the tenets of the ADA that support an in-disputable right to inclusion and re-spect. No other civil rights law re-quires protected class members to hand a notice to people behaving in a dis-criminatory manner in order to edu-cate them without any guarantee the situation will improve. This amendment would keep program funding for the ADA education. It also maintains language supporting alter-native mediation pathways relating to architectural barriers outside of the existing framework within the Depart-ment of Justice. If supporters of H.R. 620 truly believe these State-based nuisance lawsuits are the result of a lack of knowledge of what the Federal ADA requires, and that businesses need less costly ave-nues to remedy violations, then why wouldn’t they support an amendment that provides an answer to both of those claims without the harm of a no-tice and cure period that weakens the civil rights protections of the ADA? Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to consider the consequences of a bill that delays justice for people with dis-abilities in a way that no other class protected by civil rights laws must en-dure when asserting their civil rights. I then urge my colleagues to consider whether the delay of a notice and cure requirement adequately addresses the underlying issue of ‘‘drive-by’’ law-suits. I am hopeful that doing so will result in a decision to support this amend-ment to remove the harmful notice re-quirement, while maintaining provi-sions that increase access to education and mediation. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Vir-ginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I must oppose this amendment because it would completely gut the notice and cure provisions, which are the core pro-visions of this bill. The need for a no-tice and cure period has been high-lighted in congressional hearings since the early 2000s. In 2016, David Weiss, who testified on behalf of the International Council of Shopping Centers, stated: 
The problem that the private sector faces is an increasing number of lawsuits typically brought by a few plaintiffs in various juris-dictions and often by the same lawyers for very technical and usually minor violations. It has become all too common for property owners to settle these cases, as it is less ex-pensive to settle them than to defend them, even if the property owner is compliant. It is often too costly to prove that a property owner is doing what is right or required. Therefore, the property owner makes a ra-tional business decision commonly resulting in settlement. 
Mr. Chairman, given that plaintiffs’ attorneys’ motives are often monetary, there is little or no incentive to work with businesses to cure a violation be-fore a lawsuit is filed. This unintended result wastes resources on the cost of litigation that could have been used to improve access sooner. This delays jus-tice. H.R. 620 remedies these problems by allowing businesses a finite period of time, before a private enforcement law-suit can be filed, to fix defects on their premises once they are notified that these premises do not comply with the ADA. This will reduce abuses of the law by opportunistic lawyers. It will result in more access for the disabled because it encourages businesses to cure their ac-cess issues now in order to avoid costly litigation later. Mr. Chair, I would also note that made in order is an amendment coming up that would reduce this amount of time by 2 months, the total amount of time for notice and cure. I think that is a good step to address the concerns raised, but I cannot sup-port an amendment that completely takes away the purpose of the legisla-tion, which is to give small-business owners the opportunity to cure a prob-lem once they are made aware of it. Many of these are very technical viola-tions of the law designed primarily to line the pockets of some unscrupulous lawyers, as opposed to really helping advance the cause of accessibility. For those reasons, I oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1045 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I proudly yield 1 minute to the distin-guished gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ), who is the ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support the Langevin-Harper amendment. This bi-partisan amendment removes from the bill its onerous and unjustified notice and cure provisions while leaving in place its potentially helpful edu-cational and mediation-related provi-sions. As I discussed extensively during general debate, the notice and cure provisions would have the effect of drastically weakening the ability of discrimination victims enforcing their rights in court. Any law, including the ADA, is only effective to the extent that it is en-forceable, and civil rights statutes, particularly, depend primarily on pri-vate rights of action for their enforce-ment. By weakening enforcement, H.R. 620’s notice and cure provisions ulti-mately undermine the ADA’s goal of integrating people with disabilities into the mainstream of American life. For these reasons, I urge the House to adopt the Langevin-Harper amend-ment which cures most of the problems with this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Rhode Island has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, again, I urge support of my amend-ment. The whole point of this amend-ment is to remove the notice and cure provision. Again, the ADA law has been around for nearly three decades now. People should be proactive about under-standing what their responsibilities are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.025 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1195 February 15, 2018 
to operate businesses or issues of pub-lic accommodation, to understand what their responsibilities are. Not, ba-sically, taking that responsibility incentivizes people to say: Well, just wait and see if there is an issue, and only if we get notified will we then fix the problem. People need to be proactive and com-ply with the law, and I believe, there, everybody wins. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment, as I indicated, because the ADA is a regulation-based law, and those regulations are con-stantly changing as new technology changes and as accessibility to new fea-tures that businesses offer are desired by those in the disability community. That is a necessary thing, but it is also necessary to make sure that busi-nesses have time to accommodate as well and learn about those new require-ments and have the opportunity to fix it before somebody can just get attor-ney’s fees for something that is going to be done anyway. So I think the better approach is to oppose this amendment and support the underlying bill with the addition of an amendment coming up that would reduce that time by 2 months. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 115–559. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak in favor of the amendment. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, line 10, insert after ‘‘in violation of section 303’’ the following: ‘‘, except that if a violation continues to occur after the expira-tion of the applicable period provided for under subparagraph (B), the court may, in addition to any other available relief, award punitive damages in such amount as the court determines appropriate’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, since the start of the debate on this legisla-tion, I have been laser-focused on get-ting the problems with ADA compli-ance actually fixed. The problems of drive-by lawsuits have hit my district, and abusive demand letters are a prob-lem nationwide. One of the tragedies of the status quo is that, even after set-tlement of demand letters, the prob-lems are often not even fixed. Many of my colleagues have ex-pressed concern, however, that the un-derlying text of this legislation would not provide sufficient incentive for le-gitimate civil rights attorneys to take to court businesses that offer no good faith effort to solve the problem with ADA compliance after they have been pointed out. My amendment simply would allow courts to award punitive damages in the cases that a business has made no good faith effort to remove a barrier to access. If they cure the problem, the matter is resolved; if not, they should be subject to the full force of the law, including punitive damages. Since its enactment, the Americans with Disabilities Act has allowed mil-lions of Americans to gain access to public accommodations that many of us take for granted. The passage of the ADA was a major civil rights victory. Many more schools, hospitals, grocery stores, and movie theaters are now ac-cessible. Thanks to the ADA, many of our fellow citizens are fully integrated into the fabric of society. Despite these gains, however, more still remains to be done. As people with disabilities have continued to work to make our public accommodations more accessible, unfortunately, some indi-viduals have found ways to use the cur-rent system for their own financial benefit. The underlying bill aims to prevent unscrupulous individuals from taking advantage of the law and to establish a process leading to increased compli-ance. However, during many meetings with disability groups in my district over their concerns, some voiced fears that the underlying bill would discour-age attorneys from taking ADA cases. My amendment would work to create an incentive for lawyers to take ADA cases, knowing that, if a business does not comply, punitive damages may be sought. The goal is that individuals with disabilities have access to com-petent legal representation in order to bring meritorious cases against busi-nesses that seek to purposely avoid compliance with the ADA. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment because it would defeat the whole purpose of the bill, which is to resolve access issues under title III without the need for ex-pensive litigation. The private enforce-ment provisions provided in title III of the ADA are already a powerful tool to achieve greater accessibility through injunctive relief. Importantly, the ADA does not pro-vide for damages in private lawsuits; it never has. This amendment would then, for the first time, allow such damages, which will drive up litigation costs and provide even more fodder for trial lawyers to abuse the law. Busi-nesses should use their resources to fix access to problems, not to pay unneces-sary and wasteful litigation costs. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to answer by saying that my goal in this amendment has nothing to do with the plaintiff’s bar. It has to do with getting the problems fixed with-out going to court. Unfortunately, I think without at least the threat of punitive damages, I think it is a legitimate question as to whether some fraction of the violations of the ADA will, in fact, not be fixed as part of the calculation of cost benefit. I think that is not the way we should solve this in this country. It is a time in this country when a lot of our justice system—our courts— are coming under attack, and I actu-ally have faith in the judges and courts in our country to make a reasonable judgment as to whether or not there was a good faith effort made to fix this fundamental law in our country. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his comment about having faith in judges. As a former judge, I appreciate that com-ment. When the ADA legislation was de-bated here on this House floor in 1990, there was discussion about this whole issue. The purpose of the ADA legisla-tion that passed Congress was to fix the problems that businesses had in ac-cessibility for the disabled. It was not designed for punitive damages at all. It was designed to fix the problem. That is why the underlying legislation that we are sponsoring today makes busi-nesses move in a timely manner if there is a violation. So this would change the whole con-cept of the ADA. Mr. Chairman, I op-pose this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . SPEIER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 115–559. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 5, line 12, insert after ‘‘barrier or’’ the following: ‘‘, in the case of a barrier, the re-moval of which requires additional time as a result of circumstances beyond the control of the owner or operator, fails’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. S
PEIER ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.027 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1196 February 15, 2018 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chairman, the ADA is a powerful and important law that we all respect and embrace. Unfortu-nately, in States like California, it has created a cottage industry of unscrupu-lous attorneys abusing title III of the ADA. The amendment I am offering is very simple. The current language in the bill permits a business notified of non-compliance with the ADA to simply make substantial progress in rem-edying the violation. Frankly, this lan-guage is too loose. My amendment strengthens this language to only per-mit the language of ‘‘substantial progress’’ where they cannot complete the work because of extenuating cir-cumstances. Mr. Chairman, this amendment pro-motes basic fairness. It does not allow dishonest property owners to abandon responsibility by claiming they have made substantial progress. The mes-sage is still clear: businesses must fix their ADA violations. Today is a chance to pass something that addresses the real problem. Let’s not let the lack of a perfect solution get in the way of real progress. I want to speak to some of the issues that we have had in California. In California, this particular law has created an industry that allows for lawyers to make a lot of money off of small businesses. It has basically al-lowed shady law firms to make a profit out of abusing the ADA, often resulting in high legal bills and no fix to the al-legations presented. In many cases, businesses are forced into settlements because the cost of fighting an allegation is so great. The average cost of a settlement is $16,000, but the cost of fighting the allegation is sometimes four to six times the av-erage $75,000 income generated by the business. In California, a simple fix—putting up a sign or moving a door a few inches—can carry a $4,000 penalty, the minimum amount of damages, which will still be in place when the bill passes. This is no small sum if you are a local bakery, a neighborhood grocery store, or a barber shop. California is ground zero for this problem. It is home to 12 percent of the disabled population but 40 percent of ADA lawsuits nationwide. From 2012 to 2014, 54 percent of all related com-plaints in California were filed by just two law firms. The law firms sometimes recruit plaintiffs who are not directly im-pacted by the ADA or even living in the same State. Fourteen plaintiffs brought 46 percent of all these law-suits. One of them, Robert McCarthy, filed more than 400 suits against Cali-fornia businesses, and he doesn’t even live in the State. One infamous example is the Cali-fornia-based Moore Law Firm, which filed more than 700 lawsuits over the past few years, resulting in large set-tlements and sometimes even bank-ruptcy for some businesses. Given re-cent laws to address this in my home State, trial lawyers are rushing to States like Texas, New York, and Flor-ida, where they can make a profit. In 2014, a bar owner living in Tor-rance, California, was handed five law-suits in the past 2 years and needed to save up to $30,000 to remodel. She was the target of a small group of attor-neys who took aim at businesses in shopping centers for a quick profit. What we need to do, Mr. Chairman, is take the profit out of making these fa-cilities accessible. We all want them to be accessible. We want to give them no-tice and a couple of months to cure the problem or else the lawsuit can con-tinue. I think this makes a lot of sense. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment does not appear to make any substantive change to H.R. 620. Whether or not the amendment is adopted, it still would be the case under the bill that a businessowner who fails to make substantial progress in removing an access barrier would be subject to a lawsuit. The amendment, however, does not address the fundamental concerns with H.R. 620’s notice and cure provisions that I expressed in general debate, in-cluding the fact that the bill does not require a business to comply with the ADA, only to make ‘‘substantial progress’’ toward compliance within the bill’s 180-day cure period. While the amendment does not make the bill worse, it also does not make the bill better. Regrettably, therefore, I must oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
f 
b1100 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment and being the original sponsor of this legislation. I support the amendment. The substantial progress provision in H.R. 620 provides needed flexibility in cases in which re-moving a barrier is halted for reasons beyond the business’ control. For example, a business may not be able to pour concrete in Alaska during the winter to fix a ramp. Likewise, a business may find that getting a build-ing permit from their local government is taking longer than expected. In these cases, as well as other unex-pected events, the substantial progress provision provides judges with a discre-tionary standard to determine whether the improvements and progress by the business are both material and mean-ingful. This clarifying amendment further defines the term ‘‘substantial progress’’ to make clear that cir-cumstances beyond the business’ con-trol—owner—are the only allowable justifications for not making substan-tial progress within the required time. The amendment will help provide more access for the disabled. I support it because it makes this legislation better. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chair, let me close by saying this: I wholeheartedly sup-port the letter and the spirit of this law. I recognize how important it is. This law is powerful, but it has been weaponized by lawyers who are trying to make a quick buck. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. WOMACK ). The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. S
PEIER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BERA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 115–559. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 5, line 15, strike ‘‘120’’ and insert ‘‘60’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ERA) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chair, the Americans with Disabilities Act is landmark civil rights legislation. Americans with dis-abilities face real challenges every day. We should strive to support them every way we can. When Congress passes a law, we have an obligation to make sure that legis-lation is working and see if improve-ments can be made. Under the ADA, business owners are responsible to make sure their business is fully acces-sible to those with disabilities. How-ever, in some cases, business owners are unaware they are in violation of the ADA. Most Americans can agree: rather than immediately face lawsuits for vio-lations, business owners should be given time to actually fix what is wrong. This solution advances our shared goal of improved access for all members of the community. But in lis-tening to my constituents in Sac-ramento County, many are concerned that the timeframe for fixing these vio-lations was too long. And I agree. In response, my amendment would cut the time businesses have to fix vio-lations in half. This means, after the notification period, a business has 60 days to fix violations, instead of 120 days in the current bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.032 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1197 February 15, 2018 
In some cases, these barriers can and should be immediately addressed. But in a State like California, which is prone to earthquakes, construction permits can take time. Small busi-nesses should be given a reasonable amount of time to make changes and better serve their customers. Having heard both sides of this de-bate, I believe we can, and should, find a compromise that works for both. I have seen how hard Sacramento small businesses work and how important they are for growing our economy and creating good-paying jobs. As a doctor, I have seen firsthand the challenges of those with disabilities. This amend-ment seeks the middle ground and is a commonsense improvement. Americans with disabilities deserve to live full, healthy lives, unafraid of barriers that restrict their movement. Now, let me be clear: if a business does not make the modifications to ob-structions once notified, they should be held accountable and there should be consequences. When we work across the aisle, Wash-ington can get things done for the American people. This amendment is a commonsense fix that makes the bill better. Mr. Chair, I urge support of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Rhode Island is recognized for 5 minutes Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I rise, again, in oppo-sition to this amendment. While I thank the gentleman from California for stressing the importance of providing opportunities for places of public accommodation to learn that they are in violation of the ADA, I dis-agree with the premise that the onus of enforcement should be placed on people with disabilities by requiring them to issue arduous and detailed notices. There are free resources available that provide information and technical assistance to the public on the require-ments of the ADA. I can’t stress this enough: when someone owns a business, they have to balance a variety of regulations and re-quirements at both the State and Fed-eral Government level. Why should the requirements that their business be ac-cessible to people with disabilities, re-quirements that have been in existence for decades, be weakened or viewed as less important? Why should business owners be given a free pass until someone catches a vio-lation before they comply? The suggestion that we can reduce the timeframe of a notice and cure pe-riod misses the point. There is nothing that can be done to improve a notice requirement that shouldn’t exist in the first place. No other civil rights law requires people who experience discrimination to wait for justice or provide a written notice before taking legal action. Why should people with disabilities be treated any differently? Further, what are the incentives to comply with the ADA in the first place if businesses can wait to be told what is wrong and then maybe fix the issue? After all, even with a reduction in the notice and cure timeframe, there is still no clear requirement that a bar-rier actually be removed. Again, I appreciate my colleague’s desire to find a compromise, but this is not the answer. Whether the notice and cure period is 120 days or 180 days, it does nothing to address the underlying issue of drive- by lawsuits. That is the crux of the problem happening in States that have gone beyond the requirements of the ADA and merely delays access and cre-ates a national policy of apathy on ADA implementation. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment. The goal of the bill is to provide more access for Americans more quick-ly. Absent circumstances beyond a business’ control, 120 days is sufficient time to remove a barrier. Under this amendment offered by the gentleman, instead of 180 days total, a business would have up to 120 days, instead, to fix access problems. I believe this amendment improves the bill. I urge its support, and I thank the gentleman for offering this amend-ment. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, again, while I appreciate my col-league’s attempt to find somewhat of a common ground on this issue, it does not address the underlying problem. The issue of the ADA being around for 30 years—it is well-known now. People are even proactive about finding out what their responsibilities are under the ADA, as opposed to just waiting until they are notified of a problem and then perhaps complying with. No, we should not treat people with disabilities any differently than any-one else who is protected under civil rights laws. That is why we have them in the first place. I would urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Let’s work together on finding a better common-ground so-lution. But this amendment and the underlying bill is not the answer. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chair, this amend-ment makes the bill better. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. B
ERA). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 115–559. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of Mrs. M
CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 5, beginning on line 22, strike ‘‘the specific sections of the Americans with Dis-abilities Act alleged to have been violated,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, this amendment will make it easier for a disabled American to provide a busi-ness with a notice of an ADA violation. Violations of the ADA can be very technical. The Department of Justice has hundreds, if not thousands, of pages of regulations and guidance doc-uments on complying with the public accommodation requirements of title III of the ADA. Given that the Depart-ment of Justice will not certify wheth-er a business’ property is ADA compli-ant, these ADA requirements are often left to the interpretation of plaintiffs’ lawyers. The notice provisions of H.R. 620 re-quire that those who allege a business is violating the ADA must provide the business with a description of ‘‘the spe-cific sections of the Americans with Disabilities Act alleged to have been violated.’’ This provision was designed to ensure that businesses have a clear picture of the alleged violation with the business. However, this requirement may go too far. Accordingly, the amendment removes this requirement, making clear that written notices provided by disabled individuals can be written in plain English, without legalese. Removing this requirement will also facilitate a dialogue between the indi-vidual and the business. Additionally, it may avoid any need for a disabled in-dividual to hire a lawyer. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the intent behind this amendment to make the notice provision of H.R. 620 slightly less onerous, and I acknowl-edge that it does so by eliminating the requirement that an aggrieved person cite in his or her initial notice to a business the specific ADA provision being violated. The amendment, however, still leaves in place the basic problem with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.035 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1198 February 15, 2018 
bill, the basic problem with the notice and cure provision, and that is the no-tice and cure provision. Therefore, it does not alleviate any of the real con-cerns with the underlying bill. Again, the basic notice and cure pro-visions of the bill turn on its head the normal practice of any civil rights statute in which the burden of compli-ance is on the actor, not on the victim. Here, we put the burden of compliance on the victim. The debate has been as if people have not had 28 years to come into compli-ance, only to find out they are not in compliance when someone complains about it, some victim is victimized. That is just wrong. This goes in ex-actly the wrong direction. Although this amendment would slightly alleviate the provision, it is putting lipstick on a pig. For this rea-son and in deference to the disability rights community, which opposes this amendment and the pre-suit notice and cure requirements, I must oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s comments. I want to remind folks that notice re-quirement is required even under title VII of the Civil Rights Act. It is also required under title I of the original ADA legislation. So this is not a new phenomena. This legislation and this amendment gives potential plaintiffs the ability to advise and put a business on notice without even having to hire a lawyer with the legalese requirements that are written by the Department of Justice, which constantly updates what re-quirements are under the ADA. The intention is to simply have the violation described in a way that is suf-ficient to put the business on notice of what the ADA violation is. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I would ask that all Members support this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 7 will not be offered. b1115 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia) having as-sumed the chair, Mr. W
OMACK , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Americans with Dis-abilities Act of 1990 to promote compli-ance through education, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period be-fore the commencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 15 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1120 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) at 11 o’clock and 20 minutes a.m. 
f 
ADA EDUCATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 736 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 620. Will the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
OMACK ) kindly assume the chair. b1121 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Americans with Dis-abilities Act of 1990 to promote compli-ance through education, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period be-fore the commencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes, with Mr. W
OMACK (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 115–559 offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 115–559 offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 188, noes 226, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 79] AYES—188 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Costello (PA) Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Harper Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder 
NOES—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.038 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1199 February 15, 2018 
Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thornberry Tipton Torres Trott Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Bishop (GA) Cheney Costa Courtney Cummings Deutch Duncan (SC) Gaetz Gutie´rrez Johnson (GA) LoBiondo Pearce Rogers (KY) Turner Wasserman Schultz 
b1146 Messrs. KELLY of Pennsylvania, WITTMAN, FOSTER, COFFMAN, DENT, and YOHO changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. D
ELAURO, Messrs. LANCE and PETERSON changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) assumed the chair. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair notes a disturbance in the gal-lery, in contravention of the law and rules of the House. The Sergeant at Arms will remove those persons re-sponsible for the disturbance and re-store order to the gallery. Mr. W
OMACK , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through edu-cation, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the commence-ment of a private civil action, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 736, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry amend-ments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 225, nays 192, not voting 13, as follows: [Roll No. 80] YEAS—225 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foster Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thornberry Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Zeldin NAYS—192 
Adams Barletta Barraga´n Beatty Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Costello (PA) Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Harper Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Richmond Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.017 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1200 February 15, 2018 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Bishop (GA) Cheney Costa Courtney Cummings Deutch Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez LoBiondo Pearce Rogers (KY) Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1156 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Can the Chair tell us when the House may muster the courage to take up the issue of gun violence? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has not stated a proper par-liamentary inquiry. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
APPOINTMENT AS INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces, on behalf of the Speaker, majority leader and minority leader, their joint appointment, pursu-ant to clause 6 of rule II, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of Mr. Michael Ptasienski, McLean, Virginia, as Inspector General for the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
BALTIC STATES CELEBRATE THEIR CENTENNIAL (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the upcoming centennial anniversaries of the state-hood and independence of the three Baltic States. This year marks 100 years since the restoration of the state of Lithuania on February 16, and the proclamations of independence of Estonia on February 24, and Latvia on November 18. Thus, in the aftermath of World War I, in 1918, Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia de-clared their independence and marked their beginnings as new republics and their emergence as modern democratic societies. Despite a history of turmoil, the peo-ple of the Baltics have always stood up for their values and worked to main-tain their independence, freedom, and sovereignty. Today, 100 years later, the three Bal-tic States are strong allies of NATO and full-fledged members of the Euro-pean Union. They are committed to making the transatlantic community an area of cooperation, partnership, and prosperity. The United States is proud to be strong allies of the Baltic States, and our nations stand together to defend our shared values of freedom and democracy. Mr. Speaker, I extend sincere con-gratulations and send best wishes to Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia on their centennial observations and anni-versary. f 
WHAT WILL IT TAKE (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, what will it take? What will it take for this body to finally grapple with this issue? Columbine wasn’t enough. West Vir-ginia wasn’t enough. Colorado, in a movie theater, wasn’t enough. A night-club in Orlando wasn’t enough. New-town wasn’t enough. Mr. Speaker, this has become a na-tional disgrace. Ninety-five percent of the American people say that they be-lieve in sensible gun reform, gun laws that make sense. Ninety-five percent. The minority party does not represent 95 percent of this Nation. You are in that number as well, yet you still turn your back on the Amer-ican people. The NRA stands for ‘‘no Republican action.’’ 
f 
MONTANA STATE UNIVERSITY MARKS ITS 125TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a proud Bobcat to recognize Montana State University, which is celebrating its 125th anniversary to-morrow on Founders’ Day. Montana State University, a land- grant university in my hometown of Bozeman, was formed in 1893. Origi-nally, the agricultural college of the State of Montana, the school started with eight students in a small class-room in a local high school. The college quickly grew to include many other degree paths, including en-gineering and nursing; two programs for which the school is particularly known. Today, Montana State University serves over 16,000 students each year. This year’s spring enrollment set a new record for the tenth year in a row. Montana State University is a cor-nerstone of the Bozeman community, and we are fortunate to have such an institution in our State. The fact is that the success of my business, as well as that of many oth-ers, would not have been possible with-out Montana State University. Go, Cats, go. f 
WE NEED SENSIBLE GUN LAWS (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Madam Speaker, I rise with a heavy heart, imagining the pain felt in Parkland, Florida. No par-ent should have to send their children to school each day wondering if they will return home. While details of the shooting in Flor-ida are still emerging, it is clear this horrific act of violence was perpetrated by an individual in crisis. I lost my older sister to suicide with a firearm at a young age. What I have learned since is that helping to prevent people in crisis from temporarily hav-ing a gun saves lives. Today, I urge my colleagues to sup-port the Gun Violence Restraining Order Act, allowing family members or law enforcement officials to petition a judge to temporarily remove firearms from an individual in crisis. For those who keep repeating after each mass shooting that it is too soon to discuss gun violence reform, please consider that for many families, in-cluding my own, it is far too late. We owe these families more than just our thoughts and prayers. We owe them sensible gun laws that protect our chil-dren from needless gun violence. 
f 
JENNIFER’S STORY OF TRAFFICKING (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, Jennifer’s childhood was violently cha-otic. By her early twenties, she was liv-ing on the streets, begging and stealing to survive. After a local gang member suspected that she may have stolen his money, her life became even more horrific and hellish. The gangster beat her merci-lessly with a baseball bat until she col-lapsed, and then he and other gang members pistol-whipped her and burned her with cigarettes. They tattooed their names all over her body, branding her as property. For 6 years, they held her in slavery, forcing her to have sex with countless men for money. Desperate, Jennifer tried to kill her-self, but when the rope broke, she re-solved to escape. Luckily for Jennifer, she found a shelter and was able to re-build her life. She covered up the traf-fickers’ names with flowers and the words ‘‘free yourself.’’ We, as a society, owe it to Jennifer and survivors like her to protect them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.018 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1201 February 15, 2018 
and put the slave masters in the jail-house, where they belong. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
DAY OF REMEMBRANCE FOR JAPANESE INTERNMENT (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Madam Speaker, over 120,000 Japanese Americans were incarcerated on American soil during World War II. On the annual Day of Remembrance, we are reminded of the brave men, women, and children who lost every-thing. They lost their homes, their be-longings, their businesses, really keep-ing only what they could carry with them. But their spirits were not broken. Countless stories of bravery, courage, and resilience defined an entire genera-tion, including the Nisei-only ‘‘Go For Broke’’ 442nd Infantry Regiment, be-coming the most highly decorated unit in Army history. The anniversary of this shameful blight on our history remains a power-ful reminder of the fragility of civil rights and the threat that prejudice and divisiveness and bigotry continue to pose to our way of life today. We must follow in the footsteps of those Japanese Americans who volun-teered to serve this country, even with their loved ones incarcerated on Amer-ican soil, and find the light and love of the Aloha spirit to stand up and fight against intolerance, bigotry, and ha-tred. 
f 
TY MUSE IS BROOME COUNTY’S DISTINGUISHED CITIZEN OF THE YEAR (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ty Muse, the CEO of Visions Federal Credit Union, who was recently honored by the Boy Scouts of America and the Baden-Powell Council as the Broome County Distinguished Citizen of the Year. Each year, this award is given to an individual in the Broome County com-munity who sets a positive example for others and demonstrates concern and significant care for their community. Mr. Muse moved to the Broome Coun-ty area 5 years ago and hit the ground running. He has been honored for his commitment to helping young leaders throughout the region by sponsoring a free track program, donating to several local school districts and colleges, and working to raise awareness in financial literacy. Madam Speaker, I extend both my congratulations and my thanks to Mr. Ty Muse for his hard work and dedica-tion to the Broome County community and for his commitment to inspiring leaders of the future. THE CFPB—HOW TO KILL A GOOD THING (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, a leader must believe in the mission of the organiza-tion he or she heads. But Donald Trump turned this prin-ciple on its head by appointing Mick Mulvaney to head the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau. Mr. Mulvaney doesn’t believe in the agency’s mission to protect consumers. In fact, he once said that he doesn’t ‘‘like the fact that the CFPB even ex-ists.’’ When he was a Member of Congress, he cosponsored legislation to eliminate it. Now, as Director of the CFPB, he wants to zero out its budget for this year. He eviscerated the CFBP’s rules against predatory payday lending, and then dropped all the lawsuits against them. He halted its investigation into Equifax. As Senator ELIZABETH WARREN point-ed out, you should not put someone in charge of an agency when they want to destroy it. He is running it into the ground, and we must stop it. Con-sumers will pay dearly. 
f 
b1215 CONGRATULATING GREGORY OLSEN (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Gregory Olsen from Chaska who was recently appointed to serve on the National Honey Board by the Secretary of Agri-culture. Greg will serve a 3-year term along-side 19 other members as the importer- handler representative. The National Honey Board is one of the 22 industry- funded boards authorized by Congress under USDA’s Agricultural Marketing Service. Its purpose is to expand do-mestic markets for honey and honey products. The National Honey Board is respon-sible for research and development, ad-vertising and promotion, consumer education, and industry information of the honey industry. Madam Speaker, Greg brings impor-tant industry experience to the table and will assist the National Honey Board in their mission of successful in-novative research, education, and pro-motional work for honey products that many people rely on in Minnesota and across the world. Congratulations again to Greg Olsen. 
f 
CUTTING EPA’S BUDGET (Mr. BEYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BEYER. Madam Speaker, 26 per-cent—that is how much Trump and Pruitt want to cut the EPA’s budget, a starved agency cut again by a full one- quarter. That is massive cuts of staff, massive cuts to our health and safety, massive cuts to the EPA’s ability to do its job. The day after they proposed those cuts, we learned that Mr. Pruitt likes to fly first class on the taxpayer’s dime. Over one stretch last June, tax-payer-funded travel for Scott Pruitt and his aides cost at least $90,000. If the administration wants to look for cuts, maybe Scott Pruitt shouldn’t be flying first class to his meetings. Maybe he should have to sit next to the constitu-ents he represents. Madam Speaker, the EPA’s mission is to protect our environment. Presi-dent Trump’s dirty budget wants to cut its budget by $3 billion. Madam Speaker, we need to be able to protect our health and environment and prioritize funding to do so. It doesn’t look like Mr. Pruitt is capable of doing that, even from 40,000 feet in the air. f 
AMERICANS ARE THRIVING BECAUSE OF TAX REFORM (Mr. FERGUSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FERGUSON. Madam Speaker, I rise today to share just a few examples of how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is al-ready helping businesses in Georgia’s Third District. It is helping them to grow, and it is helping them to reinvest in their workers. Last month, I had the opportunity to visit such a business, Custom Truck and Body Works, in Woodbury, Geor-gia. This is a unique company that builds specialty vehicles for first re-sponders. Because of the changes made by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, this small business has been able to hire new workers, is beginning a facility ex-pansion, and, in fact, told me they are still looking for folks to fill positions today. This isn’t the only business in the Third District that is thriving because of tax reform. Another small business, Shred-X, which is a small business that has 10 employees and provides recy-cling and shredding services to 3,000 clients throughout Atlanta and west central Georgia, plans to use the addi-tional savings to buy a new truck and potentially hire a new employee. For a company of 10 people, this is a huge dif-ference. Madam Speaker, I am thrilled to see our Main Street job creators thriving because of tax reform, and I look for-ward to seeing our economy continue to thrive as Americans reap the bene-fits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
f 
ADDRESS GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. SHEA-PORTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.047 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1202 February 15, 2018 
Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Madam Speak-er, children and families across the country rely on their leaders in Con-gress for much more than thoughts and prayers. They need us to take action to keep them safe. Gun violence in this country is a hor-rifying epidemic. There have been 18 school shootings in the past 7
1⁄2weeks. It is even hard to talk about this. It is difficult to argue, though, with people who are looking at Congress and wondering whether too many Members in Congress are too close to the NRA and the gun manufacturers. Congress actually passed a law to prevent the CDC from even studying gun violence. In difficult times, I, too, seek thoughts and prayers from friends, clergy, and family, but this is not stop-ping the slaughter. I agree with police officers across the country who say: Get the AR–15s out of the hands of dan-gerous people now. Our children are being massacred in their schools. Madam Speaker, Speaker R
YANmust put bills on the floor to address gun vi-olence or his party will go down in his-tory as the party that blocked solu-tions to this crisis. 
f 
HONORING SHELAGH SWEENEY (Mr. FASO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FASO. Madam Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise today to recog-nize Hurley Fire Department member Shelagh Sweeney. Shelagh was named Hurley Fire De-partment’s first female Firefighter of the Year. Her service and dedication to her community as a firefighter, EMT, and field training officer for mobile life support services is most admirable. Her inspiration to join the fire de-partment came from her attendance of a first-aid class during her time at SUNY Ulster. Continuing her edu-cation by taking classes at Marist Col-lege is a testament to the dedication she reflects with her service to her community. Shelagh’s selfless service to the com-munity, while striving for further per-sonal growth, is greatly appreciated, and I wish her the best in continuing on her journey. 
f 
INVESTING IN THE NATION’S INFRASTRUCTURE (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Madam Speaker, this week, the President unveiled a budget proposal that would not only endanger the health and safety of the American people and our environment, but also jeopardize the long-term sta-bility of our infrastructure systems. It completely ignores what we know about climate change, proposing a 61 percent reduction in funding for renew-able energy research and cutting crit-ical enforcement tools and public safe-ty regulations. It also lacks the foresight to produce a forward-thinking plan that will en-sure a stable and resilient infrastruc-ture future. In fact, it seeks to elimi-nate essential programs like ARPA–E, which supports early stage energy re-search and development. Nationwide infrastructure systems like the electric grid must be updated to anticipate severe weather and cli-mate conditions. We have seen the toll that national disasters take on our electric grid. Smart planning and investment is es-sential to ensuring that we have the proper resources to maintain and oper-ate these essential structures. The President has spoken at length about investing in our infrastructure. Now let’s see some action. f 
WORKING WITH ASIA DURING YEAR OF THE DOG (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Madam Speaker, this week commences the Lunar New Year, a time of thankfulness and new begin-nings for the United States and many of our Asian partners. Reflecting upon last year’s Year of the Rooster, we have enjoyed tremen-dous political, social, and economic achievements. Filled with enthusiasm for diplomacy and cooperation, we con-tinue to look to our partners in Asia to promote peaceful international rela-tions. During the Year of the Dog, I believe that our friends will continue to em-body loyalty, honesty, and integrity, working with us to craft mutually ben-eficial international policies. In turn, the United States will encourage effec-tive diplomatic behaviors among all of our Asian counterparts. As lawmakers, we have an obligation to protect the interests of the United States, as well as those of our strong allies around the globe, especially in the Asia-Pacific region. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to continue to work toward policies that will positively shape strong, multinational Asian foreign re-lations in 2018. 
f 
UNDERFUNDING NATIONAL PARKS (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Madam Speaker, from the mighty redwoods to the headlands and beaches of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area in my bay area, backyard to the ancient se-quoias of Yosemite, to the scorching deserts of Death Valley, we know our national parks are worth protecting. Parks not only protect nature and wildlife but our history, too. And they are economic engines supporting thou-sands of jobs. But Donald Trump’s dirty budget and infrastructure scam would bulldoze right through this American success story. Trump is proposing a 7 percent cut to the National Park Service, meaning even less maintenance and visitor serv-ices, and a 17 percent cut to the De-partment of the Interior overall, while giving Secretary Ryan Zinke free rein to continue his drilling spree on our public lands. These cuts, combined with Trump’s ongoing effort to hike entry fees for working families, threaten access to these places that drive millions of visi-tors to our communities and small businesses each year, while generating hundreds of millions of dollars in eco-nomic activity. Underfunding our national parks puts visitor access at risk. We should reject this budget and work together. f 
ADA IMPROVEMENTS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, the Americans with Disabilities Act has played an important role in improving accessibility for many years. Unfortunately, it is often taken ad-vantage of by dishonest attorneys who file drive-by lawsuits against small businesses in order to get a quick pay-day. This entails coercing a business owner into paying expensive settle-ments or legal fees for unintended or technical violations and vague inter-pretations of the ADA. This practice has risen dramatically. From just 2013 to 2017, ADA lawsuits in Federal courts have increased by 182 percent, and it goes beyond that for many years pre-viously as well. This practice violates the spirit of the law and hurts small businesses without really improving access. One example, a small business, a minimarket in my district, went through a renovation. They put in a nice ramp there on the front of their business, a concrete structure that had been inspected, and they were working with the county all along. Then, when they were done, someone came and said: This is 1 degree off on incline. How is a small business supposed to deal with issues like that when the reg-ulators themselves can’t even keep track of what they are supposed to be doing? This only benefits corrupt at-torneys. That is why I support the ADA Education and Reform Act which will end this shady practice and give prop-erty owners a reasonable chance to fix potential issues. 
f 
COMMONSENSE GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.050 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1203 February 15, 2018 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Madam Speaker, a person sends their child to school and expects that they are going to come home safely. I am so sad for the grieving families of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland. Innocent chil-dren—gone in a blink. I am thankful for the first responders, but foremost, my thoughts are with the grieving fam-ilies, the students, and the teachers af-fected by this horrific shooting. We see this carnage over and over again. We know there is no magic solu-tion, but that doesn’t mean that there are no solutions. We need more re-sources for mental health, not tax cuts for billionaires. And, yes, Mr. Presi-dent, are you listening? We need com-monsense gun safety legislation, not these idiotic bills that expand gun usage. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. H
ANDEL ). Members are reminded to please address their remarks to the Chair and not to a viewing audience. 
f 
CALLING FOR SENSIBLE GUN REFORM (Mr. SOTO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SOTO. Madam Speaker, I do not rise today for another moment of si-lence for Parkland, Florida, for the semiautomatic weapon and shooter who wielded it already silenced 17 Flo-ridians and injured countless others at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. Instead, I rise to make their voices heard. I rise to call for action on sen-sible gun reform. The Parkland shooter likely got his semiautomatic weapon through a private sale or a gun show without a background check, in spite of a record of mental health issues. It is time to close that loophole. The Las Vegas shooter used a bump stock to convert a semiautomatic weapon into an automatic weapon—which is al-ready illegal. Bump stocks should also be illegal. Why is nothing happening? In my own home of Orlando, the shooter at the Pulse nightclub was on the FBI watch list. Imagine if we passed no fly, no buy and stopped that from hap-pening. Now is not the time for silence. Now is the time for action, and now is time for solutions. 
f 
b1230 HONORING THE LIFE OF CHRISTIANA DUARTE (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KIHUEN. Madam Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Christiana Duarte. Christiana attended the Route 91 Festival in Las Vegas on October 1. She had recently graduated from the University of Arizona with a degree in business marketing. While in college, she interned with the Arizona Wildcats and was a member of the sorority Sigma Kappa. After graduation Christiana worked for the Los Angeles Kings as a fan services associate. Friends and family remember Christiana as a bright, beautiful young woman who was full of life and energy. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Christiana Duarte’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S BUDGET (Mr. GOMEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GOMEZ. Madam Speaker, a budg-et reflects one’s values. President Trump’s budget shows he values pol-luters and profits over people. With the ink barely dry on the Re-publican tax scam, Trump’s budget proposes we pay for their corporate giveaway by gutting public health and environmental programs. One of the budget’s largest targets is the EPA, which will suffer a 25 percent cut. This means cuts to grants that help States like California implement the Clean Air and Clean Water Act. That means cuts to Superfund pro-grams that clean up sites where toxic chemicals from factories and landfills were dumped for decades, polluting the surrounding soil, water, and air. We simply cannot afford a dirty budget that prioritizes polluters and profits over people. 
f 
AMERICAN SCHOOLCHILDREN ARE AT RISK (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, this House generally jumps into action once there has been a mass shooting by hav-ing a moment of silence. Today we didn’t even have a moment of silence because the House knows that those are meaningless acts that don’t have any effect on our schoolchildren who have been the victims of 18 school mass shootings this year. It is shameful this Congress has not dealt with no fly, no buy. If you are on a terrorist list, you can still buy a gun. It is a shame this Congress passed a law that takes away from individuals who get Social Security who may be mentally ill the ability to buy a gun. We don’t even have studies on what has been happening in trying to protect schoolchildren. It is a shame. We need to act. American school-children are at risk, and I am ashamed at what this Congress has failed to do: take action. 
f 
LET DEMOCRACY PREVAIL ON IMMIGRATION (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, we have 4 legislative days before those protected by DACA will be at risk. The Speaker has said he was going to ad-dress this issue. He has not at this point in time. The Speaker said on 9/23/2010: We will advance major legislation one issue at a time. He said: We will not duck the tough issues. We will take them head-on. In that light, I urge the Speaker to put on the floor the three bills that are pending in this House: a clean Dream Act; the USA Act, sponsored by Rep-resentatives AGUILAR and H URD, a bi-partisan bill; and a Republican bill, the Securing America’s Future Act, spon-sored by Representative G
OODLATTE . Madam Speaker, let the people’s House speak. Let them vote. Put these three bills on the floor, and let the ma-jority rule. That is democracy. Let de-mocracy prevail in this House. 
f 
IMMIGRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. Mr. GALLEGO. Madam Speaker, in June, seven American heroes died on a dark night when a ship collided with an American destroyer, the USS Fitz-gerald. Among the dead were immi-grants from Vietnam and the Phil-ippines, as well as sons of workers who journeyed north from Guatemala. As one of the sailors who survived ex-plained: You are crammed in with all sorts of cultures on the ship, but when you are on the Fitzgerald, you are fam-ily. Just like the Fitzgerald, my unit in Iraq included men of many races and religions. We were a family, too, and it made us stronger. Madam Speaker, what is true of our military is also true of our country. Lots of nations have democratic insti-tutions, plenty of countries have good schools, and all too many, as we know, wield powerful weapons; but what makes America great, what makes America powerful, and what makes America America is that, since our founding, we have thrown our doors open to the world, and we have kept them open to the strivers and the dreamers from every corner of the globe. We didn’t become the greatest, most powerful country in the world because we let in a certain group of people and then slammed the door behind them. No, Madam Speaker, we built this country by making America the only country in the world where anyone from anywhere can accomplish any-thing. President Reagan may have summed it up best when he explained that: You can go to Japan to live but you cannot become Japanese. You can go to France to live and not become a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.052 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1204 February 15, 2018 
Frenchman. Anyone can come to America to live and become an Amer-ican. Unfortunately, our current President and his friends in Congress want to turn their backs on what made Amer-ica great. Their anti-immigrant agenda will lead to the deportation of millions and drastic cuts in legal immigration. The last time Congress restricted im-migration in this way was almost 100 years ago. Back then, conservatives were worried that there were too many Italians and Jews who were arriving on our shores. Now, they are concerned about Mexican, Nigerian, and Chinese immigrants. The rhetoric may have shifted, the targets may have changed, but it is the same kind of backward, un-American thinking that existed then. The American people are too smart for this. We don’t fear people who don’t speak like us or look like us or even pray the way we do. Time and time again, we have rejected the racists and the nativists of this country. We have done it before, and we will do it again. Madam Speaker, I don’t have to look at the polls to tell you that there are a lot more Americans like Aaron Chamberlin from Phoenix than like Donald Trump. Aaron is a restaurant owner in Phoe-nix. When he learned that a young prep chef named Suny Santana was undocu-mented, Aaron said Suny could stay as long as he found a way to fix his un-documented status. Thankfully, Suny qualified for DACA. He worked hard and thrived. In fact, he did so well that Aaron offered to partner with him in opening his very own new restaurant in downtown Phoe-nix. But then, cruelly and without warning, President Trump terminated DACA and stripped away Suny’s status, throwing his entire life into limbo. Democrats are fighting for Dreamers like Suny and for businessowners like Aaron who believe in them. We are also fighting for veterans like Miguel Perez of Chicago. Miguel has lived in this country since he was 8 years old. He served two tours in Af-ghanistan and suffers from PTSD as a result of his service. Unfortunately, as is too often the case with us, this led to problems with addiction. Miguel de-serves our support. Instead, he is facing deportation. As I speak, Miguel is currently sit-ting in an ICE detention center in Ke-nosha, Wisconsin, which happens to be in the district of our Speaker, P
AUL R
YAN. Miguel isn’t alone. Hundreds of im-migrants who served our country in uniform could now be deported at the behest of a President who has never served one day in service to this coun-try. These are men and women who took an oath to protect and defend this Nation. They have earned the right to call this country home. They have earned the right to call themselves Americans. To deport these brave men and women after they have fought under our flag dishonors the service of all of us who risked our lives for this country. We must find a way to protect Dreamers and immigrant families, in-cluding brave immigrants who served in uniform. The American people are on our side. They know that Trump’s fearful vision for our future is incom-patible with who we are as Americans. They are proud to live in a country that attracts the brightest minds and the hardest workers from all around the world. They understand that exclu-sion and hate are the exact opposite of what makes America America. This Nation did not become great by kicking out immigrants who fight hard like Miguel or who dream big like Suny. Unlike every other country on Earth, we aren’t defined by where we come from, but we are defined by what we believe. Donald Trump may not understand that, but the American people do. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. f 
IMMIGRATION REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. Mr. GARRETT. Madam Speaker, it is a somber time to come into this Cham-ber as we have colleagues at the other end of the building who formed some-thing they call the Common Sense Coa-lition, which is, I think, a gentle eu-phemism like so many things in this town are, which might well be called the ‘‘kick the can down the road’’ coa-lition, the ‘‘doing the same thing again and again and again and again and ex-pecting a different result’’ coalition, or the ‘‘those who do not learn from the past are doomed to repeat it’’ coali-tion. The photo that is to my left and to your right if you are viewing at home is of me at a ceremony at Red Hill Farm in the Fifth District of Virginia, where a man named Patrick Henry lived. Patrick Henry is notable as an early patriot who sought to ensure the bless-ings of self-determination and liberty for a fledgling nation that determined that it was unjust that they should be governed by edict from across the sea and most notably said the words: ‘‘I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death.’’ Indeed, anyone who signed the Dec-laration of Independence understood at that time that they were literally sign-ing their own death warrant, yet they did because it was the right thing to do. Today we have degenerated into a po-litical class that knows pandering and efforts to placate individuals without the interests of the mass constituency that we all unitedly serve, and that is the American people. In fact, when Patrick Henry spoke about liberty one day in a separate speech, from the back of the room, someone shouted, ‘‘Treason,’’ and Henry responded eloquently: ‘‘If this be treason, make the most of it.’’ What has happened to our leaders? So that day I spoke to a group of a couple of dozen new Americans from every corner of the world—from Asia, Africa, the Middle East, Europe, and South America—who had, in some in-stances, worked decades to become Americans and to earn those blessings of liberty gained for us by people like Patrick Henry, like 1 million nameless faces who died of combat death, dis-ease, or starvation during a war to end the horrific institution of slavery, and like Abraham Lincoln and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. So they, indeed, looked like Amer-ica—Brown people, White people, Black people, Asian people, American peo-ple—and they earned it. But what is coming out of the Senate now essen-tially throws aside the sacrifices of so many in order to score political points. It was, indeed, one of the greatest honors of my life to welcome those new brothers and sisters to our American family. Yet the process through which they pained and labored does not in any way mirror the process that we would continue by kicking the can down the road under the proposed Sen-ate ‘‘compromise.’’ I could really, literally, do this all day, all week, all month, and all year if I wanted to highlight the cases of indi-viduals who had lost their lives because our Federal Government is completely unwilling to enforce the laws that it currently has on the books. b1245 Many of you recognize the lovely face of Kate Steinle, who was enjoying a beautiful afternoon in the Embar-cadero district of San Francisco on pier 14 with her dad. A graduate of Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, she worked in the medical field and had recently moved in with her boyfriend when an illegal who had been deported 5 times, who the local government refused to turn over to Federal authorities, dis-charged a weapon that he stole from a member of law enforcement at what he said was a sea lion—which is bad enough—and killed this lovely young woman whom her friends say loved yoga and helping others. Reports indicate that among her last words was a plea to her father to please help. She passed away because we refuse to enforce our law. Edwin Jackson, a linebacker for the Indianapolis Colts, was born in the same town that I was: Atlanta, Geor-gia. He didn’t have big-time football of-fers out of high school. Indeed, instead of the University of Georgia or Florida or Clemson, he matriculated to Georgia Southern University. But he worked, and he worked with an optimism that radiated from the very smile on his face. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.054 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1205 February 15, 2018 
And not long ago, Edwin Jackson be-came one of nearly 1,000 people per year who die in alcohol-related acci-dents involving people in this country illegally; as well as his Uber driver, Jeffrey Monroe, who should also be noted. Edwin Jackson’s obituary indi-cated that his greatest goal in life was to be a positive role model for young people to overcome challenges. The individual who was detained had a blood alcohol content of .239, or near-ly three times the legal limit. He had been deported twice before, tried to run from the scene, and lied to police offi-cers about his name upon his apprehen-sion. Edwin Jackson and Jeffrey Monroe are dead because we refuse to enforce our laws. Denise Mosier, in my home State of Virginia, in 2010, was riding in a van with two other nuns from the 33-women monastery where she made her home, aspiring to help people. Her two dear friends were horrifically injured in an accident that took Miss Mosier’s life. This Benedictine nun had devoted her life to the service of others. Quite lit-erally, you could find nothing bad that anyone could say about this woman. The driver who took her life was ulti-mately charged with DUI third or sub-sequent offense. He had arrived ille-gally in this country and was only weeks away from a deportation hear-ing, which he was only having because of his multiple prior arrests for driving under the influence. Tragically, our unwillingness to en-force our own laws cost about 10 per-cent of the community at the mon-astery where Denise Mosier made her home dearly and cost about 4 percent their life. In fact, 13 percent of all drunk driv-ers arrested in the United States every year are here illegally—13 percent of 1.5 million. And the death toll of drunk-driving-related offenses in this country is about 10,000 per year. So ex-trapolating those numbers, nearly 1,000 people per year are killed in alcohol-re-lated accidents involving those here il-legally. And we refuse to enforce our own laws. Peter Hacking was a volunteer fire department captain in Texas. One afternoon not long ago, Peter stopped off Highway 78 to pick up his children, which included 4-year-old Ellie and a son who was 2, when they were killed by a previously deported drunk driver, who ultimately received a sentence of about 2 years, and who was here be-cause we will not secure our border and we will not enforce our laws. Let me be clear: those two dozen or so individuals whom I had the great honor—of all faiths and all creeds from around the world—of welcoming into our American family are American just like everyone watching this today. But those who are not here legally, who will not go through the processes pre-scribed by this very body, are a dis-credit to those who work so hard and those who have sacrificed so much to make this Nation the beacon of free-dom that it is. And no nation of laws can perpetuate itself so long as it looks the other way as its laws are selec-tively enforced and not enforced. Tessa Tranchant, from Virginia Beach, Virginia, was riding with a girlfriend and killed by a drunk driver here illegally. Danny Oliver and Michael Davis were law enforcement professionals from Sacramento, California. They were murdered by a frequently deported in-dividual who swears that he will find a way to kill more police officers. Dominic Durden was killed while riding his motorcycle by an illegal drunk driver. Jamiel Shaw was brutally shot and murdered by an illegal. Marilyn Pharis, who devoted her life to the service of this Nation in the United States Air Force, was beaten, tortured, raped, and murdered by an il-legal who had been arrested 6 times in 15 months, the most recent time being 8 days before this crime was per-petrated but not reported to Federal authorities because the sanctuary com-munity that she was in did not deem it worthy to report. I want to see a healthy and robust immigration system into this country, legally. I want to live in a nation that enforces the very laws that these bod-ies pass to protect those people who we are tasked with serving, the American people, be they naturalized or native born. I literally could keep telling these stories for weeks and weeks and weeks. So we now find fiscal responsibility a rallying cry from individuals who don’t seem to care about that at any point in time except for when it is convenient to their political agenda. We have a President in the White House who sug-gested that we would build a border wall and we would have those who are responsible for the immigration prob-lem pay for it. We have a media that glowingly and gleefully pokes fun and asks: How is that plan going for you? Well, I have a proposal. About 92 per-cent of foreign nationals in U.S. Fed-eral prisons are here illegally. That is over 9 out of 10. That comes out to about 34,500 inmates in our Federal prison system here illegally. And they are not here for immigration viola-tions. They are here for robbery; they are here for rape; they are here for murder. The cost to incarcerate one indi-vidual in the Federal prison system an-nually is about $32,500. I’m not that good at math, but that comes out to about $1.1 billion per year. If you move away from the Federal prison system and extrapolate those numbers across the State prison systems, you are look-ing at something like $9.5 billion per year to incarcerate illegals here con-victed of violent crimes, felonies. We are talking about prisons, not jails. Now, the Senate plan says: Okay. Well, what we are going to do is we are going to spend $18 billion over 10 years. I will tell you what. If we can just se-cure the Southern border and stop the inflow of illegals, we could reduce our Federal and State prison expenditures by about $9.5 billion a year, and I’ll get you your $18 billion in 2 years. In other words, you want to pay for this wall? Build it; it will pay for itself. And that is in dollars and cents. But, folks, how do you quantify the lives of these people? How do you put a dollar value on the life of a woman who spent her entire life serving our country and was tor-tured, raped, and murdered by someone who had been arrested just 6 days be-fore and, under the Federal law, should have been reported to Federal authori-ties, but they didn’t think it was nec-essary in California? Or Jamiel, is there a dollar value you can put on this young man’s life? How do you quantify these lives? How about these law enforcement pro-fessionals? How about this teenage girl from Virginia Beach, Virginia? How about a firefighter and father of a 22- month-old and a 4-year-old? How about a nun who devoted her entire life to serving others? How about a football player who worked his way up from the bottom and only wanted to motivate and inspire young people who faced challenging circumstances? I genuinely love my brothers and sis-ters of all races, creeds, and origins; I genuinely do. I welcome them to apply to a process to allow them to avail themselves of the benefits of, I believe, the greatest Nation the Earth has ever seen. Winston Churchill said: ‘‘Democ-racy was the worst form of govern-ment, except for all the others.’’ This is the worst country in the world, ex-cept for all the others. But if we won’t enforce the laws that we pass, who are we? What have we be-come? And if we won’t protect those people who protect us—firefighters, po-lice officers, nuns, and mothers—how can we look at ourselves? Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD). Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Virginia for yielding. I really thank him for his leadership on this issue. The last time I spoke on this floor on immigration, I talked about three prin-ciples: One, Americans have the right to determine who becomes citizens through laws; two, the people who do come here should be in the best inter-est of American citizens; and three, that we have the right to enforce those choices. The people who do come here should be in the best interest of American citizens. That is key. What we are doing now isn’t there yet. We allow, today, one individual to get a green card. Then he is able to sponsor his im-mediate family and relatives. And then the relatives can sponsor their rel-atives. Then the relatives of those rel-atives can sponsor their relatives and so on, until there is no one in the fam-ily left to sponsor or no one left who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.056 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1206 February 15, 2018 
even wants to come to the United States. Potentially, this could go on forever. This is called chain migration, and 65 percent of our green cards are awarded through this chain migration. That is about 700,000 people every year gaining permanent residence in our country through no other criteria than that they happen to be related to someone who lives here. We have no idea whether these indi-viduals are going to be economically successful. We have no idea whether they will contribute to our country. We don’t even look at those characteris-tics for chain migration. The impor-tant question is who the immigrant is related to, not whether or not he might help America be a safer or a more pros-perous country. Chain migration does not meet that key principle. American immigration should be in the best in-terest of Americans. The Securing America’s Future Act ends this chain migration. It stops it for everyone except the children and spouses of immigrants. But those rel-atives cannot bring in additional immi-grants, so the chain is broken. The Se-curing America’s Future Act, in turn, replaces those immigrants with skilled workers, workers who could help us build a better future. I think about it this way: there are 150 million people around the world who would say that they would emi-grate to the United States if they were just given the opportunity. What a great country. We could do what we do now and let those people enter on the basis of who they are related to. That is what we are doing. Or we could let in the best engineers, doctors, nurses, teachers, and businessmen. We can let in those who could speak English well, who know our system of government, who have gone to university. But that can only happen if we end chain migra-tion. The chain migration proposal in the Securing America’s Future Act be-comes even more crucial when we look at the DACA issue. If we allow DACA recipients to get some form of resi-dency, past history tells us that they will potentially sponsor around 3
1⁄2im-migrants each. That is a 2- to 3-mil-lion-person increase in the immigrant population. That is a huge incentive for future immigrants to come here il-legally. b1300 The notion that you will get to bring your whole family over here if you manage to enter illegally is part of what led to the 2013–2014 border crisis. When the previous administration was rumored to be granting amnesty, tens of thousands of Latin American fami-lies sent their minor children north. It was a national emergency, and it overwhelmed the Border Patrol and the immigrant processing facilities there in the Southwest. We had to pass emer-gency appropriations just to process these individuals. Any DACA fix that does not also include additional border security and protections against those migrating this way, they could really see a similar crisis. Madam Speaker, the Securing Amer-ica’s Future Act is an incredible piece of legislation. And while I have dwelt on its chain migration provisions—and there are many more worthy reforms— this bill cracks down on sanctuary cit-ies, which my colleague mentioned ear-lier. It includes Kate’s Law to toughen penalties against those who are de-ported, come back to the United States, and commit crimes. It includes mandatory E-Verify to crack down on businesses that break the law. It ends the diversity visa lottery, one of the most senseless Federal policies that I can think of. I thank Chairman GOODLATTE for his efforts on this; I thank Representative L
ABRADOR , one of our staunchest con-servative leaders in the House, for his leadership in crafting this bill; and I thank Representative G
ARRETT for or-ganizing this opportunity to discuss the bill. Mr. GARRETT. Madam Speaker, I thank Representative B
UDD for his comments. At this time, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida, (Mr. Y
OHO). Mr. YOHO. Madam Speaker, I would like to thank my good colleague from Virginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ) and everybody else who has participated in this im-portant topic. For far too long, Washington has al-lowed our broken immigration system to fester. Since 1986, when safeguards were put in place to protect our Nation from illegal immigration, we have seen the rule of law not followed, and it has led to the situation we have today. This is not an overnight sensation that just has happened. If you look at the number one role of government, it is to provide for the common defense of our Nation and the security of our Nation. Madam Speak-er, you cannot have a secure nation if you don’t have secure borders. That is one of the reasons we lock our car doors. That is one of the reasons we lock our house doors is to secure our family. Well, the government’s role is to se-cure their Nation and the people within it so that we can have a secure nation, the peace of mind that our families are protected from people that shouldn’t be here in the first place. We need to re-form our system so that we have legal immigration that is not burdensome to the point where it doesn’t work, and that is what Washington has been well known for. We need to seek real re-forms that cut down on illegal immi-gration while protecting and bolstering the legal immigration system. Our Nation is a nation of immi-grants, and Theodore Roosevelt ad-dressed this, I think, very succinctly in 1907 in a speech when he talked about our land being a land of immigrants, how we have come over from other countries from around the world. But he also went on to say and talk about the values of America, that we, being a land of immigrants, understand this: There is but room for one flag. It is the American flag. You need to honor it. There is room but for one language. It is English. You need to learn it. Immigration without assimilation is an invasion, and that is really what we have, an invasion, because we don’t know who is here. We don’t know where they came from. And Dreamers who were brought here to this country, I think we are all sym-pathetic. They were brought here to this country at no fault of their own and registered with DHS under DACA. There is a program where they could have registered. They are a different class, but they can be handled in a sys-tematic manner, whether it starts off with probationary periods, running background checks, ensuring all fines are paid for outstanding traffic tickets or other, among other things. And I stand with and I am a cosponsor of the Goodlatte-Labrador bill. I think it is a great start. As immigration policies or as policies up here in Washington, we know they change over time, and so I think this is a good start. We need to strengthen our border— that needs to be paramount—and tight-en our borders through what the Cus-toms and Border Patrol tell us to do. You know, there are people who want to build a wall from sea to shining sea. I think we should build a wall where the experts say we need to build a wall and do other forms of security, but the bottom line is we have to have a secure border. And it is not just our southwest border; it is all of our borders. And I think every American should be con-cerned about this, and you would think they would want this. We also should allow Customs and Border Patrol to survey and make rec-ommendations for how they think best we can increase the security of, again, not just our southern border but, again, all the borders. Sanctuary cities who openly defy Federal immigration law place Amer-ican citizens at risk, and I would hope the people in those cities, the citizens of those cities, would rise up and hold their elected officials accountable so that it is not a political platform that a party wants to promote. All you have to do is look at the many people who have been killed by people here ille-gally, and they rush for the protection of a sanctuary city. And these are cities, again, that are breaking the Federal law. They defy Federal law without consequence. Con-gress does have the power to hold these people accountable, these States. And, again, it will be the citizens of those cities, hopefully, who will rise up and say enough is enough. The Goodlatte-Labrador bill, H.R. 4760, the Securing America’s Future Act, I cosponsored because it lays out a plan to address many of the immigra-tion reform priorities: It eliminates the diversity visa, which is just a hap-penstance. If you are the lucky one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.057 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1207 February 15, 2018 
who pulls the right number, you get the lottery ticket, and the lottery tick-et is coming here to America. It elimi-nates the diversity visa to increase the number of skilled worker visas. It cre-ates a new agriculture guest worker program. And I am proud because some of the recommendations we have are in that bill, and so we want to see that pass. This is one of the things that has to happen. But before we can go forward, we have to make sure that the borders are secured, that the rule of law is en-forced, and that we have a good guest worker program. It also requires em-ployers to utilize the E-Verify system to ensure their employees are legally able to work in this country. The good thing about the E-Verify system, it also gives protection to the employer, knowing that they went through the process that the govern-ment says they must go through and they have hired people that the govern-ment says are okay. So it gives protec-tion not just to our employers, but it gives protection to the people here, who come here for the privilege of com-ing to America to work. It invests in a new security measure for our borders, gives registered DACA recipients a renewable 3-year legal sta-tus, while ensuring individuals who could cause harm are not eligible for it. It withholds grants and Federal fund-ing from sanctuary cities and gets rid of the chain migration. So this, I think, is a very strong bill. I think it is a very good bill, that it ac-complishes the goal. It could always be better. It is not comprehensive immi-gration reform, but it is a great start. You know, working in the agricul-tural sector for 35 years of my life as a veterinarian working on the farms, I talked to a lot of the immigrants, and a lot of the immigrants that I talked to were here illegally. And I asked them: Do you want to be a citizen of the United States? They said: No. The majority of them didn’t. They wanted the opportunity— the opportunity—to come here to make some money to go back home, and I think we should accommodate that. And then if you talk to other immi-grants who are here and they migrated here legally, I asked them: Why did you come here? Why did your parents come here? And do you know what it always comes down to? They wanted oppor-tunity, and they wanted security, and they wanted a better life for their fam-ily. So our broken system does not ac-complish that, and it is time to fix the broken system, and this is the time to do it. With that, I thank the gentleman for bringing up this great topic, this pas-sionate topic, and with your work, your help, we can accomplish this. Mr. GARRETT. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), my friend and colleague, for his comments. In 42 years, 3,037 Americans have been killed on U.S. soil by foreign-born terrorists. There have been 182 foreign- born terrorists, to be precise, who have taken the lives of almost 3,050 Ameri-cans, and 63 of those 182, or greater than a third, came here legally on visas, to include the diversity visa scheme. In fact, our office has tried rel-atively diligently to calculate the ac-tual death toll of native-born Ameri-cans by recipients of diversity visas, unsuccessfully. These are difficult data points. But just in the last few years, the name Sayfullo Saipov has been in the American news. This jihadist who had an admiration for terrorists, to include the murderous raping, intolerant thugs of ISIS, took the lives of eight Ameri-cans and injured many more in a truck attack on Halloween, just last October. He was the recipient of a diversity lot-tery visa. Before that, Abdurasul Hasanovich Juraboev from Uzbekistan was also the recipient of a diversity lottery visa, and he was arrested in 2015 for con-spiring to ‘‘kill as many Americans as he could.’’ He wrote: I am in the USA now. We don’t have the weapons we need. Is it possible to commit ourselves as dedicated martyrs anyway while here? What I am saying is, to get guns, to shoot Obama, and then maybe get shot our-selves. Would that do? That would strike fear into the hearts of the infidels. 
This legal diversity visa recipient from Brooklyn said: 
If this is not successful, maybe bomb Coney Island. 
Fortunately, he was arrested before he could bring to fruition his plans to assault individuals in the very Nation that had so graciously opened its doors. It is incredibly interesting to me the results that I learned when my wife and I engaged in that which is all the rage these days and looked at our DNA. I found out I had relatives from mul-tiple continents, and I am proud of that. But I am an American just like those people who stood with me that day at the home of the great American patriot Patrick Henry, from Africa and Asia, the Middle East, South America, Europe, Oceania. They are my Amer-ican brothers and sisters. They did ev-erything by the numbers and availed themselves of a dream that we all share. Those who do not, cheapen the sacrifice made by so many who have come before them. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
SUCCEEDING ON BEHALF OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) for 30 minutes. Mr. WOODALL. Madam Speaker, I very much appreciate that, and I ap-preciate you being here with us on a Thursday afternoon. I know that you came to Congress with the same optimism that I came to Congress with, and that is, if only we work hard enough together, if only we commit ourselves with earnestness to one another, we will be able to make a difference for folks. I still believe that, and I hope you still believe that, too, after your time here. I still believe that, if only we work hard enough, we are going to be able to serve the American people as we prom-ised we would. But occasionally—occa-sionally—I don’t want to vilify the en-tire fourth estate today, Madam Speaker. There is not enough time to go through that today. But occasion-ally, the fourth estate seems to suggest that we are failing the American peo-ple when, in fact, we are succeeding on their behalf, and that is what I want to talk about this afternoon. We just came through a difficult budget time, Madam Speaker. We came through that not because of any fail-ures of any man or woman in this insti-tution. I want to make that clear. This House came together as a body back in July of last year and passed every sin-gle national security appropriations bill that was upon us. b1315 July of last year—3 months before the end of the fiscal year—this body came together and did its job to fund our men and women in uniform, fund border security, and fund those incred-ibly important national security items that every single American family cares about. The Senate had been unable to get any of those bills passed. That brought us to just a week ago, when the Presi-dent finally signed into law a funding bill for the United States Government to cover the remainder of fiscal year 2018. I mentioned the House passed, in July of last year, all of the national se-curity appropriations bills. In Sep-tember of last year, Madam Speaker, the House passed all the rest of the ap-propriations bills. So the entire Fed-eral Government, from the perspective of the 435 men and women who serve in the House, that work was completed on time before the end of the fiscal year. But, again, the Senate was unable to take up any appropriations bills, for a variety of different reasons—and I am not interested in assigning that blame today. I am interested in figuring out what we can do about it going for-ward—took until just a week ago for the Senate to sign an appropriations bill, craft a plan, and do what we call raising the caps so that we can get a funding agreement that will take us over the next 18 months. Madam Speaker, you can’t see it here, but I have a chart of defense spending going back over the last few years. In fact, I started the chart the year that I was running for Congress for the very first time. It was 2010. I came in in that big class of freshmen. There were 100 of us. Imagine that: 100 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.059 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1208 February 15, 2018 
out of 435 Members, coming in for the first time, together, in January of 2011, and many of us came here with a desire to balance budgets. Among the many data points that get shared, Madam Speaker, one was shared with me when I was doing C– SPAN’s Washington Journal this week. The host said: R
OB, do you think the era of fiscal conservatism is over? I thought that was odd. I am think-ing: No, I serve in a body full of men and women, both sides of the aisle, fis-cal conservatives, who want to make sure the American taxpayer is getting a dollar’s worth of value for a dollar’s worth of taxes, who want to make sure we are not balancing the budget on the backs of our children and grand-children, and who want to make sure we are not mortgaging the future of our children and our grandchildren. Why would the era of fiscal conserv-atism be over? Well, the suggestion was made it is because we just signed a budget deal, and that budget deal raises levels of discretionary spending in this country; and if we are raising levels of discretionary spending, mustn’t that mean that our commit-ment to fiscal responsibility is over? That led me to come to the floor today, Madam Speaker, because what you can’t see on this chart, but I have displayed here, are two lines. One is a red line. Oftentimes, Madam Speaker, folks bring charts to the floor that only show you a part of the picture, so the amplitude is exaggerated. It looks like things are worse or better than they actually are. I have grounded my chart at zero. This is zero dollars in spending, going all the way up to $1 trillion in spend-ing. The year I got here, we were spending about $689 billion a year on defense. Well, we got together as a body, Madam Speaker. And, I will remind you, Republicans controlled the U.S. House at that time. President Obama controlled the White House, Harry Reid controlled the United States Senate, and the House was in minority hands, being led by Republicans. But we got together, Republicans and Democrats— House, Senate, White House—and we crafted a budget plan forward that re-duced spending. Now, the plan was that we were going to reduce spending on both the defense side of the ledger and the nondefense side of the ledger, and then we were going to come together and deal with those major healthcare entitlement programs that are driving the debt far out into the future, deal with the trust funds for Medicare and Social Security that are underfunded today that can-not sustain the promises that have been made to generations today, that we would repair those programs and make them solvent long into the fu-ture. It was a worthwhile goal. It was a goal worthy of this body, men and women—Republicans, Democrats, House Members, Senate Members—who came together. But what you can see on this chart, Madam Speaker, is the black line indicates the path we took of funding national security, each year, spending less and less and less. Now, mind you, nobody thought this was the right plan for how to fund na-tional security. This was designed to be a driver to force folks to come together and deal with those larger entitlement programs that actually are the drivers of the debt. It didn’t work. In fact, we had an entire Presidential election cycle that just went on 15 months ago, Madam Speaker, where you can’t name the candidate who ran on either the Republican or the Demo-cratic side of the aisle, who made debt and deficits their priority. Who was that? Who was that leader running for the White House, the last time around, who focused on debt and deficits as their priorities? For what-ever reason, it slipped from the na-tional stage, probably because we had been successfully curbing the needle on spending. So, fast forward, to just a week ago, Madam Speaker, where we raised de-fense spending by $100 billion a year. Now, if you calculate where the caps were going to go and how the sequester was going to happen, you actually turn out to have about a $150 billion in-crease over where folks expected us to be. Well, golly, Madam Speaker, even in Washington, D.C., when you raise a $550 billion budget to $700 billion, that is an enormous increase. That is why I was asked: Is the era of fiscal conservatism over? I direct you to this chart, I show you this enormous increase in defense spending, and I show you that we are still $100 billion a year lower than Barack Obama, N
ANCY PELOSI , and Harry Reid had anticipated before I was elected to Congress in 2010. All of this area, between the red line and the black line, Madam Speaker, are dollars saved for the American peo-ple. Now, those dollars came at a price. I reference testimony that Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, former General Jim Mattis, gave in the Armed Serv-ices Committee—this was just a week and 2 days ago—and he said this: ‘‘I cannot overstate the impact to our troops’ morale from all this uncer-tainty.’’ He is talking about these continuing resolutions that get passed. Again, the House passed its bills back last July, the Senate hasn’t been able to pass any of its bills, so we were funding the gov-ernment one short-term bill at the time, creating havoc on the American military. ‘‘I cannot overstate the impact to our troops’ morale from all this uncer-tainty. The combination of rapidly changing technology, the negative im-pact on military readiness resulting from the longest continuous stretch of combat in our Nation’s history, and in-sufficient funding have created an overstretched and underresourced mili-tary.’’ I don’t believe there is a man or woman in this Chamber, Madam Speaker, who would disagree with that, ‘‘an overstretched and underresourced military,’’ or ‘‘the longest continuous stretch of combat in our Nation’s his-tory.’’ This is not an issue that divides this Chamber, this is an issue that unites this Chamber, Madam Speaker. I am proud that we came together, as a House and a Senate, as Republicans and Democrats, to address that failure. In fact, I will quote from General Mattis. Just two days after that mo-rale quote, after this body had acted, after the Senate had finally acted, after the President had put his signa-ture on the bill, General Mattis said this: ‘‘I am very confident that what the Congress has now done and the President is going to allocate to us in the budget is what we need to bring us back to a position of primacy.’’ ‘‘What the Congress has done and what the President will allocate will bring us back to a position of pri-macy,’’ I mention that again, Madam Speaker, because, among the many conversations we have here about mili-tary readiness, General Mattis has ex-pressed confidence that, in a time of war, the Congress would fund the mili-tary. In fact, in that same testimony that I quoted from earlier before the Armed Services Committee, he said: ‘‘I know that in time of a major war, Congress will provide our military with what it needs. But money at the time of crisis fails to deter war. . . .’’ I know the Congress will provide what we need in a time of crisis, but money at a time of crisis fails to deter that crisis. We could have avoided that conflict had only we been properly funded. We came together with White House leadership. The President said: I need $700 billion for 2018; I need $716 billion for 2019. That is what General Mattis said as well. That is what we are hear-ing from the entire administration. That is what we came together and gave. But the era of fiscal conservatism, Madam Speaker, is not over. The era of shortchanging our military, in the hopes that we might come together on a bigger deal, the gridlock that was created by that, that gridlock is over. That uncertainty that General Mattis bemoaned, that is over. But fiscal con-servatism continues. It is not just on the defense side. It is easy to talk about the defense side be-cause I know that is something that unites everyone in the Chamber, Madam Speaker. But let’s look at the nondefense side. Nondefense, as you know, Madam Speaker, is, well, everything else that the Federal Government does—it is not an income support program—from parks to roads to courts, from prisons to education, from investments in NIH and the CDC, from our involvement overseas in hunger programs and ref-ugee programs. Absolutely everything 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.061 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1209 February 15, 2018 
else the Federal Government does is in the nondefense discretionary side. I point you to two lines, once again, Madam Speaker. The red line is what President Obama, Speaker P
ELOSI , AND M
AJORITY LEADER HARRY REID ANTICI -
PATED SPENDING BEFORE I ARRIVED . THE 
BLACK LINE IS WHAT WE HAVE ACTUALLY  
SPENT SINCE I ARRIVED . Among the many changes made in the law, when the President signed the caps deals into effect last week, is that we raised nondefense discretionary spending, too. In fact, over the 2-year deal that the President signed, we are talking about an additional $300 bil-lion—billion with a B—in additional spending. Well, by golly, Madam Speaker, if you care about budgets, if you care about deficits, isn’t $300 billion a frighteningly large figure to increase spending in a time of already existing deficits? Of course, it is. Of course, it is. But let me say, once again, that does not mean the era of fiscal conservatism is over. We had a choice. We could con-tinue to keep the military in that space of uncertainty that General Mattis cited as being so dangerous, or we could cut the deal that we had to cut to break that cycle of uncertainty. I don’t know what kind of negoti-ating experience you have had, Madam Speaker, but it turns out that when you walk into a negotiation and say, ‘‘I have got to have what I have got to have, and I will give you whatever you need in order to get it,’’ you are not in a particularly strong negotiating spot. That is the position the President found himself in. He was 100 percent committed to our troops, he was 100 percent committed to national secu-rity, he was 100 percent committed to that pay raise that we had promised our troops, but we had not funded, and he said: I am going to do whatever it takes to get $700 billion in 2018 and $716 billion in 2019, to make sure national security is protected and our troops are served. Well, what that led to was an in-crease in nondefense discretionary spending as well, Madam Speaker. But still look at these lines. That delta be-tween the top line of where we were going to go and the black line of where we have actually gone is trillions of dollars’—trillions with a T—worth of savings. Between the defense spending, Madam Speaker, which changed dra-matically after that big freshman class in 2011 arrived, and nondefense spend-ing, which changed dramatically after that big class in 2011 arrived, trillions of dollars in debt has not occurred. Trillions of dollars in spending of American taxpayer dollars has not oc-curred. We have squeezed those budgets: the security budget and the nonsecurity budget, the defense budget and the nondefense budget. We have squeezed each of those budgets to make sure that we are getting a dollar’s worth of value for the American taxpayer out of every dollar that we spend. The net result of that, Madam Speak-er—that and a collection of economic outcomes that have been desirable— has led to a decrease in net interest spending: money that was not bor-rowed, interest that does not have to be paid—money that was not borrowed. Thus it didn’t drive interest rates up. Those interest rates are lower on all the other money that has already been borrowed, not just trillions of dollars in savings on spending that was fore-gone, Madam Speaker, but trillions of dollars in savings of interest that was not paid. b1330 Why do I take the time to come down to the floor to tell that story, Mr. Speaker? It is because I grow weary, as I know all of my colleagues do, of reading the defeatist headlines that show up on the paper day after day after day: Congress failing; gridlock prevailing; bipartisan-ship dead; cooperation extinct. It is not true. What we have done together is worth bragging about back home. What we have done together is worth cele-brating when we are together. What we have done together is worth using as a model for thinking about what we can do together again tomorrow. It doesn’t matter whether you sit on the furthest right in this Chamber or the furthest left in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker. That dollar worth of taxes raised from that American citizen is a valuable thing. It is a trust. There is a stewardship obligation to each and every one of those dollars. What do you want to use it for? Maybe you want to give it back to those American citizens. I am particu-larly pleased with the tax bill we passed that did exactly that. Again, passed it in the House, passed it in the Senate, moved it to the White House; done in a bicameral way. I think the American citizen can gen-erally spend their dollar better than we can spend it on their behalf. I know they trust themselves to spend their dollar more than they trust us to spend it on their behalf. We could take that dollar, we could put it back in an American citizen’s pocket. Leave it with them to begin with and never even take it. That is what we did with the tax cuts. We could invest that dollar in na-tional security. We could look to see what is that additional training an air-man might need; what is that addi-tional equipment that a marine might need; what is that additional item that we could research, purchase, improve, repair, that would make a difference in the life of a man or a woman who is serving this country. We could spend that dollar on na-tional security. We could spend that dollar on nondefense needs; research in Alzheimer’s; research at our major uni-versities; research into that next gen-erational transportation outcome that is going to change the way that we deal with congestion in America. There are 1,000 different ways to spend each and every one of those dol-lars. It does not matter where you be-lieve that dollar ought to go. It is a worthwhile purchase to make sure we are using that dollar, either with the American citizen in their pocket, with the DOD in the pursuit of national se-curity, or with one of our great re-search institutions in pursuit of the next healthcare discovery, rather than paying it in interest to someone around the globe who lent us money in our time of need. We need to restrain those dollars today, Mr. Speaker, so that when we have a time of need in the future, we will be able to access them. The era of fiscal responsibility is not behind us; it is upon us. We have an opportunity each and every day together to squeeze those dollars until they scream; squeeze the value out of every nickel that comes through this institution. We have done it together, Mr. Speaker. This isn’t an aspirational goal. This is a certain fact, that we have done it together year after year after year after year. This isn’t something that maybe one day, if only we work hard enough, we can do. This is something we have achieved year after year after year after year. Let’s not stop. Let’s not stop. And let’s not let folks tell us that we can’t get it done together. Let’s not give in to that devil on the left shoulder that says we should go down and run each other out and talk about why the insti-tution fails. Let’s give in to that angel on the right shoulder that talks about how, if we put our minds together, if we com-mit ourselves to one another, there is genuinely no limit to what we can do together. I am not just talking about what we can do together as the body here in the United States House, Mr. Speaker. And I am not just talking about what we can do together as a House and a Sen-ate and a White House. I am talking about what we can do together as the American people. The strength of this institution has never been the 435 Members who are in it. It has been the 300 million Ameri-cans who have sent us here. The strength of this institution has never come from the Members. It has come from the Nation that lends us its power. I genuinely believe there is no limit to what we can do together. I am genu-inely disappointed in those days that we give in to that devil on the left shoulder that tells us that running each other out, running each other down, denigrating the institution, denigrating the Nation, denigrating one another is the pathway to success. But we have had enough victories to-gether. We have come through enough challenges together. When they said we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.062 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1210 February 15, 2018 
would fail, we have succeeded together enough that I have great optimism not just about the next 10 months in this Chamber, but about the next decade, the next generation, the next hundred years for this country. We don’t know when the economy is going to fail us, Mr. Speaker. We have to plan for that rainy day. We have been doing that. We have been doing it with spending at every single level in the government, and it has made the biggest difference in debt and deficits that I have seen in my lifetime. Let’s build on that success. Let’s re-commit ourselves to that goal. Let’s surprise the naysayers about the things that we do together. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, February 16, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4009. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Libya that was de-clared in Executive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4010. A letter from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s Fiscal Year 2016 FAIR Act Inventory, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 4011. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting one action on nomination, and one discontinuation of serv-ice in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4012. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the De-partment’s draft bill, titled the ‘‘Reclama-tion Title Transfer Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 4013. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31168; Amdt. No.: 3777] received February 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4014. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31169; Amdt. No.: 3778] received February 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4015. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31170; Amdt. No.: 3779] received February 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4016. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31171; Amdt. No.: 3780] received February 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4017. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Greenwood/Wonder Lake, IL [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0459; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AGL-14] received February 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4018. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Eaton Rapids, MI [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0209; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AGL- 9] received February 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4019. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Truckee, CA [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0565; Airspace Docket No.: 17- AWP-1] received February 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4020. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0807; Product Identifier 2017-NM-080-AD; Amendment 39-19126; AD 2017-25-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4021. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0627; Product Identifier 2017-NM-037-AD; Amendment 39-19127; AD 2017-25-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 14, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4022. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0513; Product Identifier 2016- NM-152-AD; Amendment 39-19125; AD 2017-25- 11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4023. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; ATR — GIE Avions de Transport Re-gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1170; Product Identifier 2013-NM-054-AD; Amend-ment 39-19129; AD 2017-25-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4024. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1173; Product Identifier 2017-SW- 030-AD; Amendment 39-19131; AD 2017-25-17] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4025. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (Previously Eurocopter France) [Docket No.: FAA-2017- 0671; Product Identifier 2016-SW-072-AD; Amendment 39-19135; AD 2017-26-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 14, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4026. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Enstrom Helicopter Corporation Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1191; Product Identifier 2017-SW-046-AD; Amend-ment 39-19134; AD 2017-26-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4027. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0910; Prod-uct Identifier 2017-CE-027-AD; Amendment 39-19136; AD 2017-26-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived February 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15FE7.064 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1211 February 15, 2018 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 717. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require re-view of the economic cost of adding a species to the list of endangered species or threat-ened species, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–560). Referred to Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1274. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require making available to States affected by deter-minations that species are endangered spe-cies or threatened species all data that is the basis of such determinations, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–561). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2603. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to pro-vide that nonnative species in the United States shall not be treated as endangered species or threatened species for purposes of that Act; with an amendment (Rept. 115–562). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3131. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to con-form citizen suits under that Act with other existing law, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–563, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3225. A bill to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, and the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians to lease or transfer certain lands (Rept. 115–564). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3607. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish fees for medical services provided in units of the National Park System, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–565). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3131 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 5030. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to provide for technical assistance for small treatment works; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. F
ASO, Mr. C RIST, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 5031. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to provide for prize competitions re-lating to climate and energy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5032. A bill to establish a pilot toll credit marketplace program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5033. A bill to set aside certain funds for supplementary safety measures and al-ternative safety measures for railway-high-way grade crossings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. ENGEL , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. E STY of Con-necticut, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. M ENG, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S OTO, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON  of California, Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, and Mr. Y
ARMUTH ): H.R. 5034. A bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BUDD (for himself and Mr. Z
ELDIN ): H.R. 5035. A bill to require the President to determine whether Hezbollah should be des-ignated as a significant foreign narcotics trafficker or a transnational criminal orga-nization, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BUDD (for himself and Mr. L
YNCH ): H.R. 5036. A bill to establish an Inde-pendent Financial Technology Task Force, to provide rewards for information leading to convictions related to terrorist use of digital currencies, to establish a FinTech Leader-ship in Innovation Program to encourage the development of tools and programs to com-bat terrorist and illicit use of digital cur-rencies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself, Mr. D
AVIDSON , Ms. T ENNEY , and Mr. M
CHENRY ): H.R. 5037. A bill to provide for exclusive Federal jurisdiction over civil securities fraud actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. PALAZZO (for himself and Mr. W
ALZ): H.R. 5038. A bill to amend titles 5, 10, and 37 of the United States Code to ensure that an order to serve on active duty under sec-tion 12304b of title 10, United States Code, is treated the same as other orders to serve on active duty for determining the eligibility of members of the uniformed services for cer-tain benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana (for himself and Mr. ROKITA ): H.R. 5039. A bill to designate the National Airmail Museum at Smith Air Field in Fort Wayne, Indiana; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self and Mr. E
NGEL ): H.R. 5040. A bill to authorize the President to control the export, reexport, and transfer of commodities, software, and technology to protect the national security, and to pro-mote the foreign policy, of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mrs. D
INGELL , and Mr. H UDSON ): H.R. 5041. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to authorize the employees of a hospice program to handle controlled substances in the residence of a deceased hospice patient to assist in disposal; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. L EE, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. W
ALZ, and Ms. H ANABUSA ): H.R. 5042. A bill to establish the Financing Energy Efficient Manufacturing Program at the Department of Energy to provide finan-cial assistance to promote energy efficiency and onsite renewable technologies in manu-facturing facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M
OORE , and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 5043. A bill to permit expungement of records of certain nonviolent criminal of-fenses, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself and Mr. B
ERGMAN ): H.R. 5044. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the treatment of cer-tain surviving spouses under the contracting goals and preferences of Department of Vet-erans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. BARRAGA´N (for herself and Mrs. N
APOLITANO ): H.R. 5045. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow taxpayers to des-ignate overpayments of tax as contributions and to make additional contributions to the Stop Homelessness Fund, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.008 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1212 February 15, 2018 
and in addition to the Committee on Finan-cial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 5046. A bill to provide that none of the funds made available to the National Endow-ment for the Humanities for any fiscal year may be used to carry out section 7 of the Na-tional Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities Act of 1965; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. A
RRINGTON , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 5047. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a demonstra-tion program to provide expanded access to medical services through partnerships be-tween Department of Veterans Affairs med-ical centers and Federally qualified health centers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BOST (for himself and Mr. S
OTO): H.R. 5048. A bill to amend the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 with respect to eligibility to become a third-party provider, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. CORREA (for himself, Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Ms. M
OORE ): H.R. 5049. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to ensure that each member of the Armed Forces who is discharged or sepa-rated from the Armed Forces receives docu-mentation regarding the training and experi-ence of the member; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CORREA (for himself, Mr. G
AETZ , and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): H.R. 5050. A bill to direct the Attorney General, in enforcing the provisions of the Controlled Substances Act relating to mari-juana, to focus on certain enforcement prior-ities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 5051. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to revise the share-holder threshold for registration under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio (for himself, Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. G ABBARD , and Ms. B
ONAMICI ): H.R. 5052. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for patient protection by establishing safe nurse staffing levels at certain Medicare providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 5053. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to support innovative technology partnerships; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 5054. A bill to provide an exemption for emerging growth companies and other smaller companies from the requirements to use Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) for financial statements and other periodic reporting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself and Ms. M
ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico): H.R. 5055. A bill to amend the Food Secu-rity amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to make acequias eligible for assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture. By Mr. MCEACHIN (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. G
OMEZ , Ms. L EE, Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. B ASS, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Ms. W ILSON  of Florida): H.R. 5056. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior, Secretary of Defense, and Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to inventory Con-federate commemorative works on certain Federal lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida (for her-self, Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. P ANETTA ): H.R. 5057. A bill to amend the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 to limit access to classified information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. PANETTA (for himself, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. C ORREA , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. H
ECK, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. S OTO, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, and Ms. E
SHOO ): H.R. 5058. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the annual numerical limitation on U visas, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to grant work authorization to aliens with a pending application for nonimmigrant status under subparagraph (U) or (T) of section 101(a)(15) of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself and Mrs. B
EATTY ): H.R. 5059. A bill to amend the Home Own-ers’ Loan Act with respect to the registra-tion and supervision of insurance savings and loan holding companies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself and Mr. C
OOK): H.R. 5060. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to make reforms to the benefits for Public Service Officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 5061. A bill to amend title 46, United States Code, to limit recovery for certain in-juries incurred in shellfish aquaculture ac-tivities if a remedy is available; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P
AULSEN , and Mr. V ARGAS ): H.R. 5062. A bill to provide for a study by the National Academy of Medicine on the use of genetic and genomic testing to im-prove health care, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 5063. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10565 Steuben Street in Remsen, New York, as the ‘‘Erin Hamlin Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5064. A bill to authorize aboriginal subsistence whaling pursuant to the regula-tions of the International Whaling Commis-sion and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 5065. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that individ-uals who naturalized under title III of that Act, who are affiliated with a criminal gang, are subject to revocation of citizenship, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. FOS-
TER, Mr. M CKINLEY , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. T
ONKO ): H. Res. 739. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Engineers Week; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): H. Res. 740. A resolution expressing support for the designation of March 3, 2018, as World Hearing Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 5030. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, General Welfare Clause By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5031. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5032. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Sec. 8. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5033. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Sec.8. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 5034. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 7 By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5035. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, providing the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5036. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15FE7.100 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1213 February 15, 2018 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, providing the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 5037. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 By Mr. PALAZZO: H.R. 5038. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana: H.R. 5039. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 Article I, Section 8, clause 3 By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 5040. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution, in-cluding Clause 18 of that Section. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 5041. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5042. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 5043. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 5044. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 5045. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 1 of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 5046. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 5047. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. Article I, section 8 of the United State Constitution, which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to pro-vide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. By Mr. BOST: H.R. 5048. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Article Section I of the United States Consititution, which provides Con-gress with the ability to enact legislation necessary and proper to effectuate its pur-pose in taxing and spending. By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 5049. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 5050. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 5051. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio: H.R. 5052. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 5053. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’ By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 5054. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers and all Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5055. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. M
CEACHIN: H.R. 5056. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 5057. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 14: To make Rules for the Government Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Nec-essary and Proper Clause Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Needful Rules Clause By Mr. PANETTA: H.R. 5058. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 4 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 5059. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, relating to the general welfare of the United States; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5060. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 5061. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 which deals with interstate commerce. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 5062. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 8 By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 5063. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5064. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 5065. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 15: Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 233: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 754: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 846: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 850: Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 878: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 967: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1267: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1529: Mr. Y
OHOand Mr. B UDD. H.R. 1553: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1612: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 1651: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 1683: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M ENG, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 1832: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1903: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1972: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 2133: Mr. N
ORMAN and Mr. K INZINGER . H.R. 2215: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. C RIST. H.R. 2309: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 2318: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 2327: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 2380: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 2472: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2478: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 2633: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 2670: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 2710: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 2740: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 2840: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2862: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 2952: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2957: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 2991: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 3197: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 3356: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 3459: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3530: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 3586: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.023 H15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1214 February 15, 2018 
H.R. 3642: Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 3738: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 3742: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4044: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. C
OLE, and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 4147: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 4207: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 4240: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD and Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 4256: Mr. N
UNES , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mrs. D
INGELL , and Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida. H.R. 4274: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 4296: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 4548: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4549: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4556: Mr. H
ULTGREN and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 4575: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 4659: Mr. E
MMER and Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4688: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 4706: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4760: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4770: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 4820: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 4827: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 4844: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 4869: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN and Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 4884: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 4897: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 4912: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4919: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 4932: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 4954: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 4977: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4980: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4981: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 4982: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 4995: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 5001: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 5012: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 5013: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.J. Res. 32: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. C
OLEand Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H. Res. 188: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H. Res. 244: Mr. I
SSA. H. Res. 274: Mr. K
IHUEN . H. Res. 621: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H. Res. 652: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H. Res. 699: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 707: Mr. G
OMEZ . H. Res. 720: Mr. S
HUSTER , Mr. D ENT, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. S ANFORD . H. Res. 728: Mr. D
UNN. H. Res. 737: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
80. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolu-tion 28, to express the firm and unequivocal repudiation and opposition of the Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico to HR 4202 of the United States House of Representatives that proposes the application of the ‘‘Animal Wel-fare Act’’ to United States territories and, consequently, prohibits cockfights in Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Agriculture. 81. Also, a petition of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution 1, to request the United States Congress and the United States Department of the Interior to take the necessary administrative and legislative actions in order to provide for the updating of various topographic and hydrographic maps of our Island; and for other related pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE7.020 H15FEPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1131 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2018 No. 30 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
OY B
LUNT , a Senator from the State of Missouri. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our Father in Heaven, thank You for Your mighty love. Today, empower our Senators to pass the test You permit them to experience. Give them the wis-dom to believe that You will not per-mit them to be tested beyond their ability to prevail. Lord, provide them with a path of escape from life’s vicis-situdes. Help them to strive to be faith-ful servants of Your Kingdom, thereby leaving behind a legacy that will bless generations yet unborn. Use them for Your glory. And, Lord, sustain those who are dealing with the Parkland, FL, school shooting. We pray in Your sovereign Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, February 15, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable ROYBLUNT , a Senator from the State of Missouri, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. BLUNT thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERICANS ACT The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 2579, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2579) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. 
Pending: 
Grassley amendment No. 1959, in the na-ture of a substitute. McConnell (for T
OOMEY /CRUZ) amendment No. 1948 (to amendment No. 1959), to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States. 
Schumer modified amendment No. 1958 (to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 1959), of a perfecting nature. Durbin (for C
OONS /MCCAIN) amend-ment No. 1955 (to amendment No. 1958), to provide relief from removal and ad-justment of status of certain individ-uals who are long-term United States residents and who entered the United States before reaching the age of 18, improve border security, foster United States engagement in Central America. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
PARKLAND , FLORIDA , SCHOOL SHOOTING  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to begin this morning by sharing the shock and sorrow that all of us in this body felt as we learned of yester-day’s shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL. To say that such brutal, pointless vio-lence is unconscionable is an under-statement. Schools should be places where children can learn, and faculty and staff can work without fear of vio-lence. My colleagues from Florida will carry home the prayers of the whole Senate for victims and their families, for the community of Parkland, and for the first responders who bravely charged into harm’s way on behalf of others. For the information of all Senators, the Senate will observe a moment of si-lence at 12 noon. Now, Mr. President, on an entirely different matter, the entire week has been set aside, as I assured it would be, for votes on the DACA issue, border se-curity, and other issues pertaining to the subject of immigration. At this point, we should be wrapping up a live-ly week of debate, amendments, and numerous votes, but that is not what has happened. Instead, we are here on Thursday morning and have yet to vote on a single amendment—not one amendment all week on what was of-fered: an open debate. Remember, our Democratic friends wanted this debate. They actually shut down the Federal Government for 300 million Americans, unnecessarily, to guarantee that we could have this de-bate and at this particular time—this week. They have spent months insisting that DACA is a top priority for them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.000 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1132 February 15, 2018 
and telling their constituents they would do everything they could to re-solve it. But when the rubber meets the road, they have yet to bring forward a single proposal that gives us a realistic chance to make law; that is, to pass the Senate, pass the House, and earn the President’s signature. All they have done so far is to slow the process as much as possible. It turns out that they didn’t want a fair, open, free-wheeling amendment process after all. Yesterday evening, I filed cloture on all four pending amendments. At a minimum, under regular order, we could make sure that at least they re-ceive a vote by Friday morning. I hope the Democratic leader will finally con-sent to hold these votes on amend-ments today. Our Democratic friends say they want resolution for illegal immigrants who were brought into the country as children. The President put forward a framework that would do exactly that. His reasonable proposal offers a more than generous resolution for 1.8 million individuals in that category. But the DACA issue is just a symp-tom of our broken immigration sys-tem. So the President has made clear, and I strongly agree, that any legisla-tion must also treat the root causes and reform legal immigration, and it must also include commonsense steps to ensure the safety of the American people. Several Senators, led by Senator G
RASSLEY , the chairman of the Judici-ary Committee, have crafted legisla-tion that accommodates the major in-terests of all sides. It fulfills the stated goals of our Democratic colleagues and—and—conforms to the President’s requirements. Their bill provides funding to secure the border. It reforms extended chain migration and the visa lottery pro-gram. It fixes the loophole that forces us to release thousands of criminal aliens who were rejected by their own home countries. It enacts Kate’s Law to put criminals who illegally and re-peatedly cross our borders behind bars. It gets tougher on violent and dan-gerous criminals such as drug smug-glers, human traffickers, repeat drunk drivers, gang members, and sex offend-ers. And, yes, it offers a generous—ex-tremely generous—resolution to the DACA issue. The President, in my view, has gone more than half way to meet the Demo-crats and resolve this matter. If they are actually interested in finding a so-lution, it is time they take yes for an answer so that 1.8 million people are el-igible for citizenship. Because my Democratic friends were stalling for time, they spent 3 full days making political points instead of making law. I hope today can be dif-ferent. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, on a final subject, it has only been 55 days since the Presi-dent signed historic tax reform into law. Already, it has led to bonuses, raises, and new benefits for millions of American workers, and the long-term signs are just as promising. Hundreds of companies have announced signifi-cant commitments to plant deeper roots in the American economy. We know the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is pro-worker and pro-business, but tax reform is also, at its core, pro-family. It doubles the standard deduction, meaning a young married couple effec-tively gets a new zero-percent tax bracket for the first $24,000 they earn. If that couple decides to purchase a home, their mortgage interest will be eligible for a deduction. Contrary to what many predicted, the historic tax cuts we delivered didn’t jeopardize the middle-class deduction. We preserved it. When that couple starts a family, they will benefit from the fact that we doubled the child tax credit, thanks to the fine work of Senator HELLER and others throughout the committee proc-ess. At its new level, that credit will save a two-child household $4,000 every year—$4,000—to help them with back- to-school costs, to kick off a college fund, or to help them afford summer camp tuition and a family vacation in-stead of choosing one or the other. Thanks to the tireless work of my colleague from Nebraska, Senator F
ISCHER , the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act en-courages more employers to provide paid family leave. That is good news for millions of American families who will welcome a child this year. My Democratic colleagues like to speak about the importance of paid leave, but not a single one of them voted with us—not one. Every Demo-crat in the House and in the Senate voted against the bill that included Senator F
ISCHER ’s paid family leave in-centives. Every one of them voted against a bill that included a bigger standard deduction and the doubling of the childcare credit and lower income tax rates. Fortunately, we passed this historic achievement despite their ef-forts to stop it. Thanks to every Republican who voted for tax reform, both Walmart and Lowe’s have announced expansions of both maternity and paternity leave. CVS is creating an entirely new paren-tal leave program. In Wisconsin, where only one of two Senators voted for re-form, American Family Insurance is expanding its family leave benefits. So is Broadridge Financial Solutions in New York, despite both Senators from New York voting against it. This is only the beginning. My Democratic colleagues said tax reform would bring about ‘‘Armaged-don.’’ They said nothing in our bill would help American workers. But the proof is in the pudding. The evidence is piling up. Middle-class families all over the country are glad their Congress and their President made tax reform a reality. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
PARKLAND , FLORIDA , SCHOOL SHOOTING  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I rise with a heavy heart for the people of Parkland, FL, and Stoneman Douglas High School, where yesterday 17 Amer-icans were killed in the deadliest school shooting since Sandy Hook. It was the 18th school shooting this year, and we are only halfway through Feb-ruary. Again, yesterday the scourge of gun violence visited an American school, a place where our kids should be able to learn free from the shadow of violence and mayhem. Again, we all watched the scenes with children running for their lives. Again, a twisted soul got ahold of an assault rifle and unleashed carnage on the innocent. Even though we didn’t see it, in mil-lions of bedrooms and living rooms in Americans’ homes last night, 10-year- old, 8-year-old, 12-year-old children were saying: Mom, Dad, what hap-pened? What do I do if this happens in my school? I address this Chamber knowing there are no words that could ease the anguish and the sorrow felt by the par-ents of those 17 Americans, by their friends and siblings, their neighbors and teachers. As we remember the words of Scrip-ture that tell us ‘‘Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be com-forted,’’ let us resolve to do some-thing—something—about the epidemic of gun violence in this country. Mr. President, on an entirely dif-ferent matter, Senators from both par-ties engaged in negotiations for months to find a solution that would allow the Dreamers to stay in the United States as well as provide border security. On several occasions, those discussions have yielded results, in-cluding last night, when a bipartisan group of moderate Senators reached a breakthrough agreement. The spotlight now turns to the rest of the Senate and especially to President Trump, who throughout these negotia-tions has not been constructive. Presi-dent Trump has shown a remarkable ability to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. President Trump, since he created the problem by terminating DACA last August, has stood in the way of every single proposal that has had a chance of becoming law. He turned his back on not one but two bi-partisan immigration proposals earlier this year. I went so far as to put the President’s wall on the table, and still the President would not take yes for an answer. Now President Trump seems eager to spike the latest bipartisan com-promise, potentially with a veto. Why? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.001 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1133 February 15, 2018 
Because it isn’t 100 percent of what the President wants on immigration? That is not how democracy works. You don’t get 100 percent of what you want in a democracy—maybe in a dictatorship. You have to give and take. You have to compromise in order to make progress. We have tried to do that in Congress, to solve a problem the President has created. Yet, time and again, he has frustrated our efforts. If the American people want to know why Congress can look so dysfunc-tional, they ought to look to the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue. If the President had been quiet, if the Presi-dent had let us do our work, a bipar-tisan compromise would have already passed this Chamber with 65 votes, maybe more, and we would have a solu-tion to protect the Dreamers. But here we are. Let’s hope it happens. If President Trump rejects another bipartisan compromise, there is no question that the American people will blame President Trump and no one else for the failure to protect Dreamers. With an obstinate President and a frac-tious House, I hope today the Senate rises to the occasion. The Dreamers are watching this de-bate right now because their futures depend on it. If we don’t succeed, they face deportation to countries they don’t remember. They have lived in this country their entire lives, pledged allegiance to our flag, built families, careers, served in our military. They didn’t break any laws. They were brought here through no fault of their own. And despite their status, despite the fear that comes with living in the shadows, they strived hopefully to make a successful life in this country, which they love. What can be more American than that? We owe it to them to find a solution that can pass this body of Congress. The only solution, unfortunately, that my friend the Republican leader has offered is the very partisan Grass-ley bill—no input from Democrats, no effort to compromise. We Democrats, on the other hand, have supported sev-eral bipartisan agreements on the table. We are ready to vote on them, including the genuine, bipartisan com-promise that moderates, Democratic and Republican, reached last night. There are plenty of things for every-body not to like in this bill. There is a lot I don’t like in it, believe me. I think the wall will not accomplish any-thing. It will be an enormous waste of money and will be a terrible symbol of our America, replacing the beautiful lady who stands in the harbor I rep-resent. But compromise is compromise. Democrats and Republicans will find provisions they don’t want and wouldn’t include if they had written it. But we have to do our jobs today. We have to rise above our differences, admit that no one will get everything they want, and accept the painful com-promises that come with democratic government. That is what the Senate has done through the centuries. It has been hard. People have anguished. In the past, the Senate has risen to the occasion. Can it do it today? I say that to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. No one else seems willing to do it—not the House, not the President. It is the Senate—what President Wash-ington famously called the cooling sau-cer for our politics—that can show the Nation how to lead, that can show the Nation what bipartisanship looks like, what compromise looks like, what progress looks like. The Senate can do that today. Let’s do our job. Let’s rise to the oc-casion. And by the end of today, let’s say to the Dreamers that the Senate believes America has a place for them too. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Oklahoma. 
PARKLAND , FLORIDA , SCHOOL SHOOTING  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I join with many others who are praying for the families in Florida today as they grieve—an overwhelming grief that most parents would never con-template—because they do not have the opportunity to take their kids to school today because their lives were taken yesterday. I continue to pray for, engage in, and help in any way that we can through this process. I know so many of the schools in my State have taken active steps over the past many years to provide greater se-curity in the schools, with lockdown access and other things that they have done intentionally to provide greater and greater security. There is no expla-nation for an individual who is a former student of a school to return to the school with a gun and with who knows what motivation. So we will continue to pray, engage, and work with schools on security, as we have done from this body in the past, as well as to provide financial re-sources to help schools and their secu-rity systems, to help provide advice and counsel—to do what can be done. We will pray along with the families who struggle deeply, and we will walk with them through their incredible, in-explicable grief. Mr. President, this is a week that has been set aside for the immigration de-bate, but today is the first day there has been any real immigration debate on the floor. It is Thursday. All week, this floor has sat mostly empty. For months, there has been the preparation to put immigration bills on the floor, but as of earlier this week, there had only been one bill that had actually been proposed—the President’s bill—to be able to say: Here is a middle-ground position. After months of negotiation and the White House meeting with everybody— both sides of the aisle from the House and the Senate—the White House laid out a proposal and said: Here is a mid-dle ground. I would say that the White House has moved a tremendous amount in this and has dropped a tremendous number of issues. Over the course of the past several months, the White House has moved away from a lot of things. First, it moved from legal status to saying: OK, let’s do citizenship. It is not citizenship for just the 690,000 indi-viduals who are currently in DACA, but the White House opened this up—and I agree—to 1.8 million individuals who are not only DACA students but to those who are also DACA-eligible, those who did not sign up for the proc-ess but who could have been eligible for it. Interestingly enough, the President even moved from President Obama’s position. President Obama’s position for DACA was that you had to be in the country by 2007. President Trump has moved that and said he will be more open. You will have had to have been in the country by the time President Obama announced the program in 2012. That was a significant concession which has opened up the program for almost 1 million more individuals. The trade-off was pretty straight-forward. He had a long list of items to be able to provide border security— both interior enforcement and border security. Yet, over the past couple of months, the President has backed up and said OK. The Democrats have said they absolutely do not want any inte-rior enforcement of any immigration laws added in any way, so the Presi-dent backed up and said: Let’s start with border security. We want to do in-terior enforcement in the days ahead, but let’s start with border security. The President wanted to address the issue of sanctuary cities, but that is not addressed in this bill. He has dropped that. The President wanted to deal with asylum reform, but he has dropped that issue from his proposal. There is no conversation about refu-gees and changing how that structure would work. There is no conversation about the H visa programs. He has dropped a lot of issues that were impor-tant to the White House and has said: OK. We will deal with those on a dif-ferent day. Let’s limit the issues to this narrow group of four issues, and that is all we will deal with. He dropped a lot of other issues for it. Border security, dealing with citi-zenship for those individuals who are in DACA or who are DACA-eligible, deal-ing with the issue of family migration and how that works together, and then dealing with the issue of the diversity lottery—that is it. Everything else dropped away. It is not comprehensive—it is small— but border security had very clear defi-nitions. Border security is not just a wall. I have heard some individuals say, even on this floor today, that a wall will not accomplish anything. I would say the President agrees with that. A wall by itself doesn’t accom-plish anything. A wall is needed in some sections of the border to slow down illegal crossings, especially in urban areas, where there are urban areas on both sides of the border. It is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.002 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1134 February 15, 2018 
needed in those areas, but a wall by itself doesn’t accomplish anything. You can go around it, and you can go over it eventually. What you need are additional agents. What you need are additional enforcement authorities. What is needed is to be able to break down some of the legal loopholes. Some proposals that have come out in the last few hours have said they want to strike a bipartisan compromise and say: OK, we will provide for wall funding, and we will allow for the large legalization and naturalization of indi-viduals who are DACA and DACA-eligi-ble. That is a fair trade-off, they say. The problem is when you read the fine print of what that means. I go back to the same statement: If they say a wall doesn’t accomplish anything, and all they provide is really a wall and a few technical things around it, then the question remains, What is missing? What would make the difference? What would make the difference are some very basic things to be able to close legal loopholes. That is what is in the President’s proposal—none of them onerous, none of them out of line. They are just dealing with the basic legal loopholes. We all have to admit, when you see the records from the Department of Homeland Security and from Customs and Border Protection, that there are individuals who cross the border, both adults and unaccompanied minors, who are coached by coyotes as they move through Mexico: When you cross the border, here is what to say. If you say these things, then you will get access into the government. They know that if they say certain phrases, they are in. I hate to say that is actually true, and it is unaddressed in any of these bipartisan com-promises. I don’t think it is unrealistic to say that if you go around one of the barriers or even through one of the gated entrances and cross through and immediately get caught by someone on the other side but say the magic phrases, you are in. We have to resolve that, and there are some basic ways to resolve it. If you come in and have a credible claim of fear or a claim of asylum and cross the border and immediately speak those words, currently you are allowed into the country for 2 or 3 years while your trial goes through the process. Only about 30 percent of those are actually successful. That 30 percent number is significant. What do we do to resolve it? Why don’t we add additional judges and ad-ditional courts, and instead of waiting 3 years before you have that hearing, you have that hearing within 3 weeks? No evidence has changed in that time period. You are still allowed to have counsel, and you are still allowed to have insight. But we actually resolve it instead of allowing people to come into the country for 3 years and telling them ‘‘Here is a court date and a court location to appear,’’ and you do not know if they appear. In fact, the major-ity of them do not appear for their court dates, but they are somewhere, at a location unknown, in the country. It is not unreasonable to resolve this issue; yet it is unresolved in all of these bipartisan proposals. There is no fix to deal with criminal aliens or those individuals who come into the country who are gang mem-bers. It is a small minority, but there are those individuals, and there seems to be no fix for those things at all. There is no dealing with the issue of the hiring process for the Department of Homeland Security. If you are in re-mote areas on the northern border— there are requests to add additional compensation to some of these areas or to give additional benefits to some of these Customs and Border Protection folks because they work in very remote areas along the border. They ask for this year after year after year, and there is nothing addressed in the bipar-tisan agreement. It is just the wall and asking: Shouldn’t that be enough? It is not. There is no dealing with drugs like fentanyl and trying to interdict those in the border areas. It doesn’t provide any deterrence for the visa overstays. About 40 percent of the individuals who are illegally in this country right now came on a tourist visa or on some other kind of visa and just overstayed it. We have to resolve those issues as well. That seems to be an obvious issue. There is no dealing with some of the basic statements. What do I mean by that? Under some of the bipartisan bills that are coming out, you prove yourself to be a DACA-eligible indi-vidual by your own verbal statement that you are eligible. No documenta-tion is required. I think that is an obvi-ous loophole. If you are DACA-eligible, even, in fact, under President Obama’s proposal, you have to show documenta-tion that you are DACA-eligible. Yet, in these new proposals, you don’t. You just have to say that you are eligible, and suddenly you are eligible. That is a major problem. The structure of how some of the bi-partisan agreements have come out has also become a big issue for me because it doesn’t really deal with just this 10- year. In one section of the bill, it says it is a 10-year path toward citizenship. I have no issue, if we can do border se-curity, with having a 10-year path to-ward citizenship. It allows us to have 10 years to deal with the basic border security things. It gives certainty to those individuals who are in the coun-try that they are headed toward citi-zenship. I have absolutely no problem with that, but the bipartisan agree-ment that has come out doesn’t do that. In one section, it says a 10-year path to citizenship. In another section, it gives the recipients the opportunity to get legal permanent residency— green cards—much faster, which then moves them on to a much faster track. It is a little bit of a sleight of hand that we say 10 years in one part and in another part say that it is actually 5 to 7 years. Say what you mean. Don’t try to say two different things and have two different paths. I was also interested in a change that was slipped in at the very back of the bipartisan bill that makes an enormous change to the status of every single in-dividual in the country. Let me just read this. It is being said that this bill is just about a wall and just about DACA, but let me read this section in the back of the bill: In carrying out im-migration enforcement activities, the Secretary shall prioritize available im-migration enforcement resources to aliens who have been convicted of a fel-ony, a significant misdemeanor, three or more misdemeanor offenses, pose a threat to national security or public safety, or are unlawfully present in the United States, and—that is an impor-tant word in there, ‘‘and’’—they ar-rived in the United States after June 30, 2018. Do you know what that says? That says the Department of Homeland Se-curity can’t go after anyone in the country illegally who arrives here be-fore June 30, 2018. In other words, the race is on. If you can get into the coun-try and across the border before June 30 of this year, you are in, and you have amnesty—for millions. That is not about DACA; that is every single individual in the country unlawfully present. If you are in the country un-lawfully present before June 30 of this year, according to this bill, you are in until you commit a felony. As long as you don’t do that, you will never have any enforcement of any type. I was stunned to see that slipped into the back of the bill. This was dropped last night, and we still have the opportunity to go through it, but I am quite surprised at the number of people who have pushed back on the President and have either not read his proposal or have ignored what he put on the table. It is not an unreasonable proposal. It is a straight-forward, commonsense proposal. I would encourage those folks who op-pose it to read it first and to see what it actually says. There has been pushback on the issue of chain migration or family reunifica-tion. Let me set this in context. Right now, we have a 20-year backlog for in-dividuals coming into the country le-gally. That is an incentive not to do legal immigration because if you are going to wait in the line 20 years long, many are just not going to go through the process. Unless we reform how we do the family integration, once 2 mil-lion additional people are added to this in the 10-year time period, I have no question we will move from a 20-year backlog to a 25-year backlog as family members also reconnect with those in-dividuals coming in. What happens at that point? A bad situation gets even worse in our immigration policy. The issue of family reunification and the proposals that were laid out have not been partisan proposals in the past, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.004 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1135 February 15, 2018 
but suddenly because President Trump put it out there, it is suddenly an unre-alistic partisan proposal. May I remind everyone that this issue was also dealt with in the 2013 Gang of 8 bill that got around 70 votes in the Senate—this very similar issue of family reunifica-tion and how this would work. In 1995, during the Clinton administration, a proposal was made by Democratic House Member Barbara Jordan, leading the Commission on Immigration that made almost the exact same proposal in 1995. This was just not a partisan issue until now. For some reason, because President Trump wants to propose it, it is an angry Republican issue. It has been a bipartisan, commonsense issue for a long time on how to deal with an obvious issue in our immigration re-form. I would encourage my colleagues to read the bill and see what is in it, not what is being said in the media about it. See what is really in it, and if there is a question and a dialogue about it, let’s amend it. Let’s go through it be-cause it is a very unique and powerful opportunity to set it right for those in-dividuals who are in the DACA and DACA-eligible population to finally not be in limbo but to finally have per-manence and to know they are home in this country where most of them have grown up; that they are not just long- term guests, they are home. This is the way to resolve this but at the same time do what Americans have cried for, for a long time—actually se-cure our borders and start the process of reforming our immigration system in a way that makes sense for every-body—for the immigrant, for the born citizen of the United States, for the naturalized citizen, and to make sure it is fair for everyone. That is not unrea-sonable. In fact, it is a good idea. If it were only proposed by someone else, I think a lot of folks on both sides of the aisle would agree with it. Take the politics out of it and look at the policy. Let’s resolve this for the coun-try. I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from Michigan. 
CHANGE ACT  
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, we have so many issues in front of us that are critically important to families. I want to speak about an issue today that is extremely important to so many Michigan families and to fami-lies across the Nation. It is estimated that 5.5 million Amer-icans are living with Alzheimer’s dis-ease, including 1 out of 10 people over the age of 65. That number is growing. To put that in perspective, that is about the same number of people who live in Wisconsin or Minnesota or Colo-rado. By 2050, it is estimated that as many as 16 million Americans may be living with Alzheimer’s. That is more people than live in Pennsylvania or Illinois. From Alaska to Alabama, to New Mex-ico, to Maine, no State is immune, as we know. In my own State of Michigan, the number of people living with Alz-heimer’s disease is expected to rise from about 180,000 today to 220,000 in the year 2025, which is not very far away. That is an increase of about 22 percent in less than 7 years. The cost of providing healthcare and long-term care for people affected by Alzheimer’s is astronomical and grow-ing. In fact, one out of every five Medi-care dollars goes to Alzheimer’s dis-ease. It is estimated that last year, for the first time, the United States spent more than a quarter of a trillion dol-lars on Alzheimer’s-related care. With-out better treatments or a cure, those costs could surpass $1.1 trillion by 2050. Of course, much higher than the dol-lar cost is the human cost. As anyone who has lived with the disease or any-one who has had a family member live with the disease can tell you—and this really is the ultimate family disease— Alzheimer’s and related dementias are thieves. They steal everything—memo-ries, personalities, even lives. No price tag could ever be put on the suffering they cause patients and their families and the strain they place on caregivers. There are 15 million people in the United States caring for a family mem-ber with Alzheimer’s. While many of them consider caring for a loved one a sacred duty, this duty still exacts a physical and mental toll on them. Caregivers suffer higher rates of heart disease, cancer, and depression than those in the broader population, and many are forced to quit their jobs or reduce the hours they work, creating additional personal and financial stresses. Lauren Kovach of Brighton, MI, learned what that is like when her grandma—she calls her Chupe—was di-agnosed with Alzheimer’s. Lauren’s mom was a caregiver. She and Lauren made a pact that they would never put Chupe in a nursing home because she, in Lauren’s words, ‘‘lived her life for her family and to take care of us—of course we were going to do the same for her.’’ That required a lot of sacrifices. Lauren’s mom retired early. Lauren withdrew from college and moved in with her mom to provide a ‘‘loving home full of laughter,’’ as she said. They received no help with caregiving or living expenses. Lauren wrote: 
My mom is single-handedly the best person I know. She needs help. We need help. Many hundreds of families like mine need help. 
Lauren’s beloved grandma passed away last June, but Lauren is still fighting, and I am proud to be fighting alongside her. She wrote: I go to Lansing each year for Advocacy Day—I will talk to anyone and everyone about this disease that is ruining millions of lives, including mine. Alzheimer’s unfortu-nately isn’t going anywhere anytime soon, but neither am I. 
This fighting spirit is what keeps caregivers like Lauren going, and they deserve to know that we are, in fact, fighting alongside them. That is why Senator C
APITO and I have introduced legislation that will help give families in West Virginia, Michigan, and all across the country new tools to cope with an Alzheimer’s diagnosis and the life that follows. I would like to thank my friend from West Virginia for partnering with me on this important bill. The CHANGE Act builds on my HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act, which was implemented beginning last year and supports parents and their families by requiring Medicare to pay for an individual care plan when a family member is diagnosed. This en-courages more doctors to feel there is a reason to have early diagnosis because there is something they can do for peo-ple. It is certainly something that fam-ilies need in order to have a plan, an action plan, once they receive that di-agnosis. The CHANGE Act approaches this disease from a number of different di-rections and builds on the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act. First, it encourages early assessment and diagnosis. This is not happening as much as we would like. The Alz-heimer’s Association polling has indi-cated that a very high number—35 per-cent to 40 percent—of physicians are not doing early diagnosis. Oftentimes, they have said it is because they don’t know what to do about it. There is no cure. There is not something to offer families other than fear. We want to make sure there is early diagnosis because there is a lot going on right now with medications that ac-tually will help early. We want to make sure that patients have more time to make their own healthcare de-cisions, to access community-based support services for their family truly to be able to plan. Through HOPE for Alzheimer’s, we now have a caregiving plan that the physician will be reim-bursed for coordinating and bringing together. But there is much more that we need to do. Early diagnosis also gives patients and their families additional opportu-nities to participate in clinical trials. There is great research going on in Michigan and across the country that really does provide hope. I am encouraged and hopeful about the additional dollars we just agreed to in the budget agreement last week. I was proud to be one of those pushing for additional research dollars for the National Institutes of Health. Hope-fully, those opportunities and cures will come even faster. Second, the CHANGE Act would im-prove care by testing what types of programs most help patients, their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.005 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1136 February 15, 2018 
families, and caregivers. We know that case management, coordination of care, and caregiver support services can make a big difference both in the quality of life for patients and care-givers and in participation in clinical trials. In addition, the CHANGE Act would offer States the opportunity to test programs that help Alzheimer’s pa-tients to remain in the community— which is so important—by reducing the financial burden on family caregivers. Finally, the CHANGE Act would help uncover regulatory and legislative changes that would help accelerate Alzheimer’s disease research, which is so critical right now. Families in Michigan and across the country have been waiting long enough. They have been waiting too long. They need a cure. Until that day comes, they need better treatments and more support. Just ask Nora Ann Reid-LeZotte of Kalamazoo. Only a few months after her father’s death, her mom started to show signs of Alzheimer’s. Nora Ann was determined to care for her mom at home. Given that she is a nurse practi-tioner, Nora Ann figured she was per-fectly prepared to assume the role of caregiver—and then, she says, she wasn’t. ‘‘My days, then weeks, then years be-came more overwhelming than I could have imagined,’’ Nora Ann said of the 6 years she spent caregiving. Nora Ann and her husband moved in with her mom to care for her and rented out their own house to make ends meet. Caregiver support would have made a huge difference, Nora Ann said, yet none was available until her mom’s condition deteriorated enough that she needed IV infusions to stay hydrated. Nora Ann said: 
I was exhausted. I lost my own identity, my friends, and my life for that timeframe. My family suffered and sacrificed so I could care for my mom with dignity and safety. 
She added: 
I would do it all again because she was my mom. 
I can certainly identify with that, as I know all of us can. Nora Ann put her own life on hold to make her mom’s final years as comfortable as possible. People like Nora Ann deserve our praise. Even more than that, they de-serve our support and action on their behalf. It is time for a change. Let’s pass this legislation as quickly as possible to help patients, support caregivers, and find better treatments and a cure. Families across Michigan and the country are waiting. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE FLORIDA SCHOOL SHOOTING Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate ob-serve a moment of silence for the vic-tims of the school shooting in Florida. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senate will now observe a mo-ment of silence for the victims of the Florida school shooting. (Moment of silence.) The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, those were all our children. Those of us who are parents, you can imagine the par-ents of those children wondering what else can be done because yesterday a former student at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Northern Broward County, Parkland, FL, walked onto the campus with a gas mask, smoke grenades, carrying an AR–15 as-sault rifle. He pulled a fire alarm, wait-ed for students to come out into the hallway, and he opened fire. As a re-sult, 17 families are grieving. Their worst fears have become reality. More than a dozen other students who were injured are in the hospital, and some of them are in critical condition. At some point, we have to say enough is enough. At some point, we as a soci-ety have to come together and put a stop to this. This Senator grew up on a ranch. I have hunted all my life. I have had guns all my life. I still hunt with my son, but an AR–15 is not for hunt-ing; it is for killing. Despite these hor-rific events that are occurring over and over, these tragedies have led so many of us to come to the floor and beg our colleagues to take commonsense ac-tions that we all know will help pro-tect our children and our fellow citi-zens from these kinds of tragedies, and we get nowhere. When is enough going to be enough? Sandy Hook Elementary, 20 students killed—that wasn’t enough. The Pulse nightclub in Orlando, 49 people killed by a terrorist—that wasn’t enough. Las Vegas, 58 people killed—that wasn’t enough. Just a year ago in the same county as the Parkland murders, Broward County’s Fort Lauderdale air-port, five people killed—that wasn’t enough. Now this high school, 17 were killed. Some were as young as 14 years old. When is enough going to be enough? This Senator has spoken to local offi-cials on the ground. I have spoken to the superintendent of the school, who, in his own way, is going through the grieving process; I have spoken to the FBI; and I have spoken to the sheriff’s department to make sure they have ev-erything they need. When we are fin-ished with the Dreamer legislation today, I am headed there. When I go to the hospital and see the families and the hospital victims, all I can think is, How many more times are we going to have to go through this? And those families are going to ask me: When is enough enough? To those who say now is not the time to talk about gun violence because it is too soon, we don’t want to politicize right after a tragedy—that is what is said over and over—I would ask: When is the time? If now is not the right time, when is the right time—after the next shooting or after the one that is going to come after that? Because these are not going to stop unless we change ourselves as a culture. How many more times do we have to do this? How many more folks have to die? When is enough going to be enough? Let’s not hide from it. Let’s have a conversation about this right now, not just about mental illness— that is part of it—and not just about protection in our schools, and that is part of it. Let’s get to the root cause. Let’s come together and help end this violence. Let’s talk about that 19-year- old carrying an AR–15. Let’s do what needs to be done. Let’s get these as-sault weapons off our streets. Let’s ac-complish something on background checks. My State passed a constitutional amendment—Florida, 1998—background checks have to be done in the purchase of a gun. It has never been imple-mented totally, and it has never been enforced—a simple background check. The terrorist who killed 49 people in Orlando at the Pulse Nightclub had been on the terrorist watch list. If we had a background check there—he wasn’t on it, but maybe in a back-ground check we ought to include those who have been on the terrorist watch list. Let’s have a conversation about this. Do you remember a couple of years ago there was a proposal on the floor that if you are on the terrorist watch list, you can’t buy a gun? That is pret-ty common sense. We will not let them get on an airplane because we don’t want them taking down a commercial airliner, but they don’t have a restric-tion on buying a gun. Let’s get at the root cause of this issue. Let’s do what we all know needs to be done. Let’s do it now, not later. Let’s not just talk about it, let’s do something about it. Let’s make what happened at Marjory Stoneman Doug-las High School a pivotal moment in this country’s history, not because it was one of the largest mass shootings but, hopefully, because it was the last. It is with a heavy heart I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The Senator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I join my colleague, the senior Senator from Florida, with a broken heart, as does most of the Nation due to the events of yesterday. There, indeed, was a time in the his-tory of our country where after an event such as this there was a mourn-ing period that followed with a policy debate, but today, that time is inter-related and intermixed. I don’t blame it. I am not upset about it. In fact, I think there have been too many of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.006 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1137 February 15, 2018 
these events now. That is why we con-tinue to face it. I think it is legitimate to say that even as we mourn, we have an obliga-tion to ask ourselves, Is there some-thing we could have done or should do to ensure that we don’t see these things happening? It is cliche to say, but I think it is important to say: I am the father of two young ladies who happen to be in high school. I cannot imagine, but I can only envision, what it would be like if one day walking through the Capitol I get a text or one of those news alerts that says there has been a shooting in the high school they at-tend. I can only imagine how fearful it would be when suddenly those texts are not being answered, and those calls are not being returned. I thought about that last night and what it must feel like to be one of those parents at the hotel waiting for word because you hadn’t heard from your children in hours or how painful it must have been for those whose job it was to go to these parents and inform them that their child’s life—whom they had sent off to school in the morning, perhaps just weeks away from graduation—had ended senselessly in an event such as this. Because of what happened yester-day and because it is happening so often, people from across the political spectrum are arguing, there has to be something we can do; you have to be able to do something. I agree with that sentiment. I under-stand it. I would add, though, that if we do something, it should be some-thing that works. The struggle up to this point has been that most of the proposals that have been offered would not have prevented not just yesterday’s tragedy but any of those in recent his-tory. I am going to say now what I am going to really emphasize at the end. Just because these proposals would not have prevented these events does not mean we raise our hands and say, therefore, there is nothing we can do. It is a tough issue. Part of the reason it is so hard to prevent these events is because if someone decides they are going to take it upon themselves to kill people, whether it is a political as-sassination of one person or the mass killing of many, if one person decides to do it, and they are committed to that task, it is a very difficult thing to stop. Again, that does not mean we should not try to prevent as many of them as we can. Perhaps the answer to how to prevent them begins by asking ourselves, What do these things have in common? They have two things in common. The first is that every single one of them was premeditated and planned. None of these shootings were an act of passion, where someone got up in the morning, was upset, and decided to do something out of rage. They all involved careful planning and premeditation. They de-liberately took steps to get the guns, the weapons, the ammunition they needed. In many cases, they carefully studied the outline of the target they were going to go after. They specifi-cally planned soft targets. There is evi-dence of that in this case. They planned to maximize the loss of life. They acquired the weapon they needed, and they used tactics they needed to kill as many people as they could. By the way, that premeditation and planning is one of the reasons why these laws that have been proposed wouldn’t have prevented it. When someone is planning and premeditating an attack, they will figure out a way to evade those laws or, quite frankly, to comply with them in order to get around them. That may be an argument for new laws of a different kind, but it is what makes it hard, though not impossible. The second thing they have in com-mon is, almost all of these attacks were preceded by clear signs of what was to come. A cursory review this morning of just a handful of the recent cases points that out. We are all familiar with the loss of life of over 20 people at a Texas church not long ago. This was a case of a killer whose wife had said he had tried to kill her. He was an individual who had been arrested and convicted for domestic vi-olence, which had, unfortunately, never been reported to the background check system. He was an individual who had escaped a mental health facil-ity, who had been caught sneaking guns onto an Air Force base while on Active Duty, who had been discharged from the military for bad conduct, who had had social media posts that had bragged about buying dogs so as to shoot them, and who had actually ex-pressed admiration for the South Caro-lina killer in that church killing a few years ago. He was an individual who had actually been charged with animal mistreatment just a few years earlier. At Sandy Hook, we know the killer had a spreadsheet with details of the previous school shootings. He was also an individual whose mental state had rapidly deteriorated to the point at which he had spoken to no one but his mother, whom he ultimately had killed before having carried out the horrific massacre. He had been someone who had been isolated in a room all day, who had largely played video games. The Pulse attack was precipitated and inspired by an adherence to the jihadist ideology. As Senator N
ELSON  has already pointed out, this individual not once but twice had been on the FBI’s radar screen and both times had been cleared. They had interviewed him, and they had asked him ques-tions. He hadn’t met the standard for staying on the list, and he had gone off. We are still learning facts about yes-terday’s killer. Unlike these others, we may learn more because he was appre-hended alive. Authorities have had an opportunity to question him, and that will continue. Here is what we know: We know he was expelled from school for behavior the administrators often thought was dangerous. We know now from press accounts that both teachers and students did not act surprised that he was the assailant. In fact, many of them said there was a running joke— obviously not a joke anymore—that, one day, he would do something like this. We know the media and others have discovered social media posts that are, in hindsight, deeply disturbing, as they point to the glorification of gun violence and murder and even animal cruelty, apparently. We saw reports this morning of a post on YouTube a year ago on which he posted that he wanted to be a school shooter. The FBI was alerted to this and had followed up, by the way, in an interview with the person who had alerted them. They all have this premeditation in common, and we sit here in hindsight, in seeing all of these little points and say, taken together, those are warning signs. The problem is, they are not taken together because the people who might have known about his being ex-pelled may not have known about the social media posts, and the people who knew about the social media posts may not have known what he wrote on YouTube, and the people who knew about the YouTube may not have known about the fact that the police had been called several times for dif-ferent reasons and so forth—hence, the challenge in finding something that works. There are a lot of proposals, and I will share them because I have heard them before, and I hear them today. I am not diminishing them. I don’t want this to be taken as ‘‘because it will not work, I don’t even want to hear your argument.’’ I understand. I really do. You read in the newspaper that they used certain kinds of guns; therefore, let’s make it harder to get those kinds of guns. I don’t have some sort of de facto religious objection to that or some ideological commitment to that per se. There are all kinds of guns that are outlawed and weaponry that is out-lawed and/or a special category. The problem is, we did that once, and it didn’t work for a lot of reasons. One of them is that there are already millions of them on the streets, and those things last 100 years. You could pass a law that makes it hard to get this kind of gun in a new condition, but you are going to strug-gle to keep it out of the hands of some-one who has decided that is what he wants to use because there are so many of them out there already that would be grandfathered in. You could do a background check. The truth is, in almost all of these cases I have cited, the individuals ei-ther erroneously passed background checks or would have passed them or did. Even if they couldn’t pass the background checks, they could buy the guns the way MS–13 does and other gangs and other street elements do— from the black market. Again, it is not that we shouldn’t have the background check. I am just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.008 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1138 February 15, 2018 
trying to be clear and honest here. If someone has decided ‘‘I am going to commit this crime,’’ he will find a way to get the gun to do it. That doesn’t mean you shouldn’t have a law that makes it harder. It just means, to be honest, that it is not going to stop this from happening. You could still pass the law per se, but you are still going to have these horrible attacks. That is why I do think that in some circles, it is not fair or right to create this impression that somehow this at-tack happened yesterday because there is some law out there that we could have passed to have prevented it. If there had been such a law that could have prevented what happened yester-day, I think a lot of people would have supported it, but I also want to be hon-est with the people who share my point of view on these issues. I think it is also wrong to say there is nothing we can do. I would admit that, perhaps, even I in the past, in the way I have addressed this issue or have spoken about it, may have come off as dismissive in the argument that since none of these laws would have worked, there is just nothing we can do, and we will just have to deal with it. Just be-cause I don’t have a quick or an easy answer for how to prevent these doesn’t mean we don’t have an obliga-tion to try and find one, and by finding one, I don’t mean a quick and easy an-swer. I mean an answer that would work. When I took office here, I swore to uphold the Constitution of the United States—every element of it. I didn’t write the Constitution, but I agree with it, and I support it. The Second Amendment is in the Constitution, and you can debate what the outlines of the Second Amendment are or how far it goes, but it is in there, and I happen to support it. Oftentimes, I happen to point to the Second Amendment and say it is the Second Amendment that is right after free speech, which tells you how important it was to those who wrote those words. I still believe every bit of that. If it is fair to say the Second Amend-ment is so important—and I reiterate it because of how high up it is in the ranking from first to second, its being the second one—then I have to recog-nize there is a part of the Constitution that was written even before the Sec-ond Amendment. It is the preamble. That preamble lays out why we have a Constitution and, ultimately, why we have a government. In it, it reads that two of the reasons we have a govern-ment and, therefore, two of the reasons we have a Senate is to ensure domestic tranquility and to promote the general welfare. These school shootings and mass shootings and murders we are seeing now at an accelerated pace are, by defi-nition, a threat to our domestic tran-quility and a threat to our general wel-fare—the murder of children in schools, the murder of moviegoers, the murder of people at a church, the murder of people at a dance club on a Saturday night. These are all places at which we should be enjoying the general welfare and domestic tranquility. Even as we recognize that the Second Amendment gives Americans the right to bear arms and protect themselves— a right I strongly support and will con-tinue to support—we must also recog-nize that same Constitution places upon this government an obligation to ensure domestic tranquility and pro-mote the general welfare. We must confront the fact that, over the last 20 years, these attacks have accelerated. We must recognize the evi-dence that they are not isolated from one another and are building upon one another. We must recognize the scary reality that even as the Nation mourns and the parents grieve, there is a high probability, if not a certainty, that somewhere in America right now, some equally troubled, deranged, and violent individual is reading and watching cov-erage of this attack and gaining from it not sorrow but inspiration. Even as we speak here now, even as we stand here in mourning, and even as the days go by, there are probably some people out there who are going to try to do this because of what happened yester-day. That is a frightening thought, but it is a reality. It challenges us to find an answer to a very difficult issue of all of these bits and pieces of informa-tion out there. How do we in this society confront those who do things about which in an-other era we would just say, ‘‘Well, they are just strange people. They are just weird. They are just going through a phase’’? We cannot do it anymore. There is no longer such a thing as just innocent postings online that you just look at and say, ‘‘Well, that is just them. They are just strange. They don’t mean any-thing by it’’ or ‘‘they are harmless.’’ We cannot assume that anymore—none of us. How do we create a system in which all of these disconnected pieces and bits of data could somehow be tied to-gether so whenever it was that this killer got ahold of these weapons and before conducting this attack, someone would say, ‘‘Hold on a second. This per-son is the person who got expelled from school, who had these social media posts, who said he wanted to be a school shooter, who had his adopted mother pass away in November and who is now living, isolated, whose fel-low students had all suspected him of being a person who could, one day, be violent’’? How do you take these bits and pieces of information and turn them into a usable source of data that per-haps either prevents the acquisition of a weapon or, preferably, intervenes in that person’s life before he carries this out? If anyone here tells you he has that one figured out, he is not being honest. This is hard, but we need to do it. We need to somehow figure it out because it goes to the very core of why we exist. There is no greater obligation of our government than to keep our peo-ple safe from threats, both foreign and domestic, and we must acknowledge that this is a threat. For whatever rea-son, we now live in a society in which someone, at 19 years of age, in the freest and the most prosperous Nation in all of human history, has decided to take it upon himself to take the lives of 17 individuals and severely injure 14 others—and to actually, probably, try to kill even more. What is happening in our country, in our culture, in our society? If there is something to be done with our laws, we should do that too. I am not saying don’t focus on the gun part, but we also have to focus on the vio-lence part, for to talk about gun vio-lence requires you to talk about both, and the violence part is the one that goes well beyond an easy government solution and entails all kinds of dif-ferent aspects of modern life that we are still grappling with. I hope we can start to figure it out. I haven’t had the time, frankly, in less than 18 hours, to bring to the floor a proposal for how we will move forward or what the forum will be for this con-versation to even begin. I know we can no longer just chalk it up to just iso-lated incidents because it has happened too often. Sadly, I believe it will hap-pen again until we confront it and try to solve it. I hope we will, and I believe we can. I believe we must, for, as I said at the outset and will say in conclu-sion, it goes to the core of why we even exist to begin with—to keep our people safe no matter how new, how different, or how unique the threat may be. I yield the floor. 
f 
BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERICANS ACT—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, right now it is estimated that 700,000 Dream-ers face the very real threat that they may be ripped from the only life and the only country they have ever known. These are young people who have grown up in America. They go to school here. They work hard here. Often, they work at multiple jobs. They get terrific grades. They give back to their communities. They have done everything right. I have met with them at home. My colleague Senator M
ERKLEY and I have met with many of them at joint meet-ings. A number of them say point blank: We like to serve America. We believe in America. That is all they have known. They serve in the military. They want to do police work. They want to be first re-sponders. In fact, to earn their DACA status, they had to come forward, give their information to our government, and then submit to a background check. Now they are living under this cloud of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.009 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1139 February 15, 2018 
uncertainty because the President, on his own, stamped an expiration date on the DACA Program. What I wish to do for a few minutes is to talk about these terrific young people—these special young people, the Dreamers—and what they contribute to our country. I was very pleased recently to have Esli Becerra join me at this year’s State of the Union speech because in my view he and his younger brother Kevin embody the very best about our country. Esli came to Oregon when he was 8 months old. He got his first job before he was 10 in order to support his family. I am going to talk a little bit about these two terrific young people because, literally, for years now, each of them would take turns working to support the other, so that between them they were always saying: We want to do it the American way. We want to do it by dint of hard work and thrift and in the spirit we have in this country, where if you work hard, there aren’t any limits to what you can achieve. They are two very, very spe-cial young men. Esli wanted to get a higher edu-cation. So his younger brother put in the sweat equity to make it happen. Kevin, who is a U.S. citizen, worked more than 80 hours a week after he graduated from high school to help pay for Esli to go to Lane Community Col-lege in Eugene. Let me repeat that. Kevin, a U.S. cit-izen, who worked in our office, as well, worked more than 80 hours a week after he got out of high school because he said: I want to help my brother get ahead. Esli has now built a real professional career. He is a visual effects artist in Portland. So he has turned around, and he is stepping up to help pay for Kevin’s college education. We have these two remarkable brothers who, year after year, were either working or going to school in order to help each other get ahead in the way that we hope young people will do by dint of hard work and discipline and sup-porting each other. They are brothers, and they have been in each other’s cor-ner and supportive of their families their whole lives. We need more people in America like the Becerra brothers. They are not alone. Another of Or-egon’s estimated 11,000 Dreamers is a young man named Daniel Kim. He im-migrated legally to Beaverton, OR, from South Korea, but he learned that his immigration lawyer never filed the paperwork needed to get permanent legal status. So without this informa-tion, he found out very abruptly that he was considered undocumented. Thanks to DACA and a special mili-tary recruitment program, Daniel had the opportunity to serve our country. He seized the opportunity and joined the U.S. Army the first chance he got. I will state that I just find it painful to hear the disparaging talk about im-migrants. Unfortunately, the President uses that kind of language too often. Maybe it is easy for people in Wash-ington, DC, to forget that these de-bates are about real people. They are not just about acronyms and numbers. Daniel and Esli are the types of young people this debate is about—a soldier on the frontlines defending our coun-try, a young man working hard at home in Oregon and supporting his family. These are the young people whose lives have been turned upside down by a Presidential decision, and they are just pawns in this raging po-litical battle. Young people like Esli and Daniel signed up for DACA so they could work and give back to the country. Dream-ers are integral parts of their commu-nities. They pitch in and help those communities grow. If all DACA recipi-ents lost their protections, it would be a massive economic hit to our coun-try—$280 billion lost. Even going be-yond the humanitarian impact of breaking up families, that is what DACA recipients mean from a dollars- and-cents standpoint. The crisis Dreamers are facing began last year when the President made the decision to terminate the program. Senators from both parties have now been working to fix it. Time after time, Senators have brought bipartisan ideas forward, and I would like to note at this point that Senator S
CHUMER went to the President and put the border wall on the table for discussion, mak-ing it clear that this was something that he didn’t support but that he would put it out there just to try to generate some goodwill and to try to find a way to get folks working to-gether. Throughout this discussion, sometimes it seems the President just will not take yes for an answer. So Senators from both sides keep working in the best tradition of this body. On the healthcare front, we sure showed here recently what could be done when there is bipartisanship and Senators are working together. He sits right over there—Chairman H
ATCH of the Finance Committee. He and I worked together. I am the ranking Democrat on the committee. We now have a 10-year authorization to the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Nobody would have ever imagined that a year and a half ago. We have made a transformative set of changes in Medi-care to update the Medicare guarantee to cover chronic illness, cancer, diabe-tes, heart disease, and stroke—where most of the healthcare spending is. We got that done, as well as the biggest change in child welfare policy in the Families First Program, an approach that Democrats and Republicans had been dreaming about for 30 years. I bring it up only by way of saying that bipartisanship can break out here in the Senate. Right now, as I am on the floor, I know we still have a big group of Democrats and Republicans who are saying that this is too important to just have another political food fight. They are working on a compromise plan—Democrats and Republicans— that would bring this DACA crisis to a close, invest in border security, make some changes to our legal immigration system, and particularly do justice to the Dreamers, like young Esli Becerra. The reality is that when we are doing something like that, it is pretty obvi-ous that nobody gets the bill they would have written. Nobody gets the bill they would have written for them-selves if they were to go back to their office and take out a sheet of paper and write down from A to Z, but that is pretty much what we have to recognize if we are going to find some common ground. That is how the bipartisan process is supposed to work. Colleagues, bipartisanship is not about taking each other’s dumb ideas. Anybody can do that. Bipartisanship is about taking each other’s good ideas. That is where we have a big group of Senators—Democrats and Repub-licans—working together on this issue. Unfortunately, it seems that recent reports indicate that the President and his team are working to derail this bi-partisan solution. They are insisting on some kind of approach that will make radical changes to the legal im-migration system, for example. I wish to note for a second that this is very important in the Wyden house-hold. My parents fled the Nazis in the 1930s. Not all got out. My dad basically talked his way into the Army. They weren’t all that interested in my dad. He was overweight, and he had health problems. But my dad convinced them that he was a German kid, and he could write propaganda pamphlets that we could drop on the Nazis, telling them that they were going to die and they were going to freeze. My dad was the most patriotic person I ever met. We are better because of legal immigration in this country. Yet in order to get this compromise, we have now seen pro-posals to radically change the legal im-migration system. I see my colleague, an outstanding member of the Finance Committee, who knows so much about these immi-gration issues on the floor, and I look forward to his remarks. The fact is, the President is demand-ing an approach that goes way beyond DACA and border security, which are two natural bookends for bipartisan-ship, and it is where this debate begins. Unfortunately, what the President is really pushing breaks up families and severely cuts back legal immigration, and I just noted that I have seen why legal immigration makes our country better and stronger. What the Presi-dent is talking about would, on top of this, do enormous economic harm to this country and is certainly not going to get the votes here in the Senate to proceed with 60 votes. The bipartisan solution on which both sides have worked hard together is the best oppor-tunity that the Chamber has to end the DACA crisis. The Senate really cannot come up with sustainable solutions when we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.011 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1140 February 15, 2018 
just play to those who take the most extreme view. We can’t get a sustain-able solution. By the way, that is how debates in the Senate are supposed to work—two parties, hand in hand, bring-ing their ideas forward and finding so-lutions both sides can agree on. That is why I mentioned Chairman H
ATCH and our finally getting the major health re-forms recently that people never dreamed were possible. On this debate at hand, the question of justice for the Dreamers and reason-able border security—two bookends that I happen to think could fit and produce principled bipartisanship through this group of Senators who are working together—this is our oppor-tunity. Millions of families across the country are following this debate, and they are hoping to get some good news on this issue where there has been grid-lock for so long. Passing the bipartisan proposal is our opportunity to give it to them. This is the time for the Congress to come up with a permanent solution for Dreamers. This is not something to be deferred any longer. It is time to act now. I urge my colleagues in the strongest way possible to support the bipartisan proposal—Democrats and Republicans coming together—when there is an opportunity to vote on it, which I believe will be shortly. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I come to the floor today, fully aware that time is running out for America’s Dreamers. Their fates rest in our hands. Their futures hang in the bal-ance of our votes, and what Dr. King called ‘‘the fierce urgency of now’’ is officially upon us. If we fail to take action today, the dreams of 800,000 young people pro-tected under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, known as DACA, and thousands of others like them will turn to nightmares. It is truly a terrifying prospect that Dream-ers face—the prospect that at any mo-ment after they fall out of status, they could be snatched up by President Trump’s deportation forces, torn away from their families, and sent away to countries they consider foreign lands. Well, I refuse to be complicit in that nightmare. I refuse to be complicit in the depor-tation of innocent children. I refuse to be complicit in the deportation of 800,000 DACA recipients and the 22,000 Dreamers living, studying, and work-ing in my home State of New Jersey. It is only out of compassion for them and commitment to them that I am pre-pared to vote for the bipartisan deal reached last night, the Rounds-King version. Let me be very clear. This is not the deal I would have drafted. It is far from the deal I would want, but I know for a fact that it is the only deal with a shot at becoming law. It is the only deal with any hope of earning 60 votes, a simple majority in the House, and maybe the forced signature of Donald Trump’s pen. Therefore, it is the only deal with any hope of protecting more than a million Dreamers across Amer-ica from the President’s mass deporta-tion agenda. To my fellow Democrats, to my friends and fellow leaders in the His-panic community, to those in the im-migration advocacy community, and to the millions of Americans in New Jer-sey and across the Nation who stood by Dreamers throughout this ordeal, I will not sugarcoat things. This deal is not the fairness that we would want. It is not as fiscally responsible as it should be. To be honest, if my Republican col-leagues truly wanted to protect Amer-ica’s Dreamers in good faith, they would have done so months ago. In-stead, they refused to address this cri-sis for months. Republicans chose to treat Dreamers like bargaining chips, pawns that could be used to advance far-right restric-tions on lawful, family-sponsored im-migration to the United States and to deliver President Trump a big, fat $25 billion kiss in the form of border wall funding. The only thing more prepos-terous than asking Mexico to pay for a border wall is asking the American people to pay $25 billion for a border wall. That is $25 billion that could be going to repairing the walls of our crumbling public schools, outdated air-ports, and aging highway tunnels. That is $25 billion Americans will have to pay for Donald Trump’s broken prom-ise that Mexico would foot the bill. In case you couldn’t tell by now, I am not the biggest fan of this deal. It is a bitter pill to swallow. So when I hear my Republican colleagues say that this legislation isn’t tough enough, I en-courage them to take a closer look. Look at the hard choices that I—and the community that I come from and others in this country—have to make to support this deal, as the most senior Hispanic-American in the Congress, as the son of immigrants whose thirst for freedom brought them to these shores, as the senior Senator from New Jersey, one of the most ethnically and racially diverse States in America. Many of the concessions Democrats agreed to were supposed to have died in the proposal that we and the Gang of 6 brought to the President weeks ago— only to have him reject it under the ad-vice of the ethnocentric voices in his ear. For example, legal, permanent residents will no longer be able to sponsor their adult children to join them in this country, and that is not the only hard choice we had to make in order to protect Dreamers from depor-tation. While we grant them the oppor-tunity to earn a 12-year pathway to citizenship, we pay a dear price by lim-iting the right to sponsor the parents they love so dearly, although other U.S.-citizen families will be able to do so. I take solace in the possibility that someday in the future, hopefully, in the not too distant future, Congress will return to our American values and stand proudly for the principles of fam-ily reunification—the family unit as the core of American society, commu-nities, and our country—that have guided U.S. immigration policies for the last century. It is the very family reunification that ultimately allowed Donald Trump’s grandfather to come to the United States and have his prog-eny come from there and ultimately rise to be the President of the United States. I am going to fight for the parents of Dreamers and the comprehensive im-migration reform we need when that day comes, but for the moment, I am under no illusions. The cold, hard re-ality is that in 2 weeks the dreams of hundreds of thousands of innocent chil-dren and promising young people will be extinguished, and that is why we must act. To my friends in the immigration ad-vocacy community, as well as my Democratic colleagues, I remind you that legislating is the art of the pos-sible. We are in the minority in both Chambers of Congress. The opposing party occupies the White House. We may not enjoy this reality—I certainly don’t—but it is a reality nonetheless. And in this reality, we do not have the power to make anything happen unless we get support from some of our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle. We have the power to try and stop ter-rible things from happening, but we can make things happen only if we have others join us in common cause. So I ask my fellow Democrats to please hold the line for the hundreds of thousands of innocent children and bright, young people who belong in this country and need our votes to stay in this country. We have to remember that compromise is the oil that keeps the wheels of Congress running, and, without it, Dreamers who have become integral to communities across the Na-tion may very well be forcibly re-moved. We know they belong here with us, strengthening the diverse threads that bind us together as one people. To my Republican colleagues, I ask you to remember the tough concessions we have had to make so that Dreamers have a chance to earn citizenship in a country they love and the only country they know. I again close by quoting the always relevant and forever wise Dr. King, who said: 
We are now faced with the fact that tomor-row is today. We are confronted with the fierce urgency of now. In this unfolding co-nundrum of life and history there is such a thing as being too late. 
My friends, the fierce urgency of now looms over us today. The fate of our Dreamers grows more uncertain with each passing second. I, for one, refuse to let their dreams die here on the Sen-ate floor. Let’s pass the Rounds-King amend-ment and pass it fast. There is no time for further delay. If we want Dreamers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.012 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1141 February 15, 2018 
to have a tomorrow here in this coun-try, then we must act today. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I come to the floor now to offer brief re-marks on the introduction of the latest so-called bipartisan proposal. There is simply no way to say it, but to say it: This proposal fails to meet the mark, will result in massive amnesty, and will result in a surge of illegal immi-gration, even encouraging the illegal crossing of our borders. It has abso-lutely no chance of becoming law be-cause we have been reminded of what the President has said he would sign, and he has said that this bill we are talking about now would not be signed by the President of the United States. It would be vetoed. In my mind, the Department of Homeland Security, when they com-mented on this bill, has this one point right. This bill will absolutely destroy our ability—meaning the ability of DHS—to enforce our laws, secure our borders, and then, consequentially, not protect the American people. The American people expect our govern-ment to fulfill their No. 1 responsi-bility, which is to protect the Amer-ican people. It is hard to decide where to start when you dissect this ill-conceived pro-posal, but to quote, I think, J.R.R. Tolkien, I guess the best place to begin is at the beginning. This proposal claims to have border security meas-ures, but the simple fact is that it doesn’t have border security measures. This proposal does something that Democrats and Republicans agreed last year isn’t sufficient border security, and we have all agreed that simply throwing money at the border is not border security. So what does that lead you to, other than just what you do at the border? Everyone in this Chamber knows how hard Senators C
ORNYN and J OHNSON  have worked on border security. Their hard work has shown all of us that real border security isn’t just about infra-structure and money; it is about legal authority policy changes, as well, which may be more important. Like it or not, the simple fact is that our cur-rent laws contain numerous loopholes that actually prevent our law enforce-ment officers from apprehending, de-taining, and speedily deporting dan-gerous criminal aliens. Professional staffers at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security—and I em-phasize the words ‘‘professional staff-ers,’’ not political employees—all agree we need these authority changes. I ask my colleagues: What is the point of throwing money at the border if sex offenders, terrorists, gang mem-bers, child molesters, and war crimi-nals can continue getting into our country? What is the point if we can’t actually remove people who are enter-ing illegally? What is the point if Americans continue to be victimized by crimes committed by undocumented immigrants? This bipartisan plan falls miserably short of providing real border security and doesn’t do anything to make Americans safer. Worse than the border security prob-lems, this bipartisan plan massively expands the number of individuals who are eligible for citizenship. The way this plan is written, more than 3 mil-lion individuals could become eligible for citizenship, and many of these peo-ple wouldn’t be the very same people we have been trying to deal with all week—DACA and Dreamers. The way this bill is written, people as old as 43 could benefit. I thought when we began this debate we were talking about protecting young people, not middle-aged adults. This is clearly be-yond the pale and is just another exam-ple of moving the amnesty yardstick. But the worst thing in this plan, the most egregious thing, is that it effec-tively suspends immigration enforce-ment until June 2018. Think about that. Why would you effectively sus-pend immigration enforcement at any time? If my colleagues look at the last page of this amendment, it clearly says that any person who illegally enters our country before the end of June 2018 will never be a priority for deportation. Think of the invitation that comes for people between now and June 30 to get to this country because they won’t be a priority for deportation. Isn’t that quite an invitation to violate our laws, to violate our sovereignty? I can’t imagine that people in the States of Montana, North Dakota, South Da-kota—any State, for that matter, but particularly in some of these really conservative States—that they would be thinking about voting for something that would actually be inviting people to this country because they won’t be a priority for deportation. Let that point sink in. The authors of this plan are telling everyone in the world—not just south of our border—no matter who they are, what they have done, that if they get here before June, they will never be an enforcement priority. Isn’t that immi-gration madness? I can’t, for the life of me, understand why my colleagues would want to end immigration en-forcement. What justification do they have? I would urge them that if they have justification, please come to the floor and please explain to the American people why you want people who aren’t already here to come illegally. What could be the reason for that? I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. It just isn’t serious and will totally undermine our Nation’s border security and immigration laws. This should not pass. I hope it doesn’t pass. The President has proposed a veto. For the people who introduced it, it is a good bill, but are you interested in a good bill or are you interested in get-ting a law passed? That takes 60 in the Senate, takes a majority in the House, and takes a Presidential signature. I hope you are serious about working for things that can actually become law. That is what we have promised the Dreamers. That is what we can deliver if we get those 60 votes. We can do it in a way that is sound immigration pol-icy, not something that is going to en-courage more people to cross our bor-ders without documentation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SASSE). The Senator from Colorado. 
HONORING SHERIFF ’S DEPUTY MICAH FLICK  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, yes-terday America witnessed another great tragedy in the State of Florida, and of course our souls ache with what must be unimaginable grief. As we turn to comfort those who lost so much in Florida, I come to the floor of the Sen-ate again, for the third time in a little more than a month, to share the grief of Colorado, as well as to honor the life and legacy of a fallen Colorado sheriff’s deputy. El Paso County Sheriff’s Deputy Micah Flick was shot and killed last week while investigating a stolen car when he threw himself in front of his fellow officers to shield them from gun-fire. Sheriff’s Deputy Scott Stone, Sheriff’s Sergeant Jacob Abendschan, and Colorado Springs Police Officer Marcus Yanez, along with a bystander, were also wounded in the attack. A total of 10 law enforcement officers in Colorado have been wounded or killed since December 31. On January 24, Adams County Sheriff’s Deputy Gumm was fatally wounded. Another assault on law enforcement officers on New Year’s Eve in Douglas County re-sulted in the death of Jefferson County Sheriff’s Deputy Parrish and wounded four other law enforcement officers. These three attacks left four children without fathers and countless loved ones with a loss they will never forget. Micah Flick was killed on his 11th anniversary with the El Paso County Sheriff’s Department and leaves behind a wife and 7-year-old twins. Micah was a hero who, according to the Colorado Springs Gazette, was re-membered by his brother-in-law as someone who ‘‘never wanted to do any-thing else but protect this commu-nity.’’ His fellow sheriff’s deputies would always tease him that he was ‘‘the poster boy of the sheriff’s office.’’ Micah’s wife Rachel captured her husband’s heroism perfectly when she explained how she would always tell him to just do his job and not be a hero but understands that was not in his DNA. ‘‘Micah was a hero, and he couldn’t help it,’’ she said. Micah’s fel-low deputy who was wounded in the at-tack confirmed Micah’s heroism. Dep-uty Stone told Sheriff Bill Elder: ‘‘Micah saved my life, and I will be for-ever grateful.’’ Micah was a hero that day, and no one will ever forget that. Unfortunately, I have come to this Chamber far too many times just this year to honor a fallen Colorado law en-forcement officer and repeat the words 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.014 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1142 February 15, 2018 
for the third time of LTC Dave Gross-man, who wrote that American law en-forcement is the loyal and brave sheep dog, always standing watch for the wolf that lurks in the dark. We owe so much to Micah and his brothers and sisters in blue who pro-tect our communities each and every day. I know that all of our families to-gether sleep better at night knowing these heroes are out protecting every single one of us. Thank you, Micah, for answering the call. You protected your community. You saved your fellow officers. You are a hero. And I, along with Coloradans across the State, am forever grateful. Like your fellow officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice, we will re-member your heroism for eternity and honor you and your family for your sacrifice. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I wish to speak today about the so-called Schumer amendment. Now, that is not the name that some people give it, but I will give it that name. Abraham Lin-coln said: If you call a dog’s tail a leg, how many legs has a dog? Five? No, it has four, because calling something doesn’t make it that. In the same way, you can call a bill bipartisan because there are some Re-publicans on that bill, but if the Re-publicans have simply acquiesced to the Democrats’ position, it is a Demo-cratic bill. Calling it bipartisan doesn’t make it so. Let’s just walk through a few of the weaknesses of this bill. No. 1 is the enforcement holiday for illegal immigration. You might call it the ‘‘olly olly oxen free’’ position. That is because it declares to anyone, world-wide, if you get to the United States in the next four months, or before June 30, 2018, olly olly oxen free, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security will not enforce our laws against you. Don’t take my word for it. Look at it right here. In fact, it was done in hand-writing last night. I suspect some of my Republican colleagues on this bill didn’t even know that this change was made. It used to be January 1, 2018, and you had to be present for at least 5
1⁄2 years. That is not great, but it is better than a prospective enforcement holi-day that says that if you get to this country illegally in the next 4 months, we will not make you an enforcement priority. So come on in, everyone. If you get here by June 30, under this amendment, the Department of Home-land Security will not make it a pri-ority to enforce our laws against you. No. 2, let’s look at the amnesty that it provides. The President has been ex-traordinarily generous in his offer to our Democratic colleagues. He didn’t say a legal status for 690,000 people who are enrolled in the Obama-era DACA Program. He said citizenship. He said a full opportunity for citizenship for 1.8 million people—1.8 million people—who were not just enrolled in the program but would have been eligible for the program had they enrolled. This amendment would expand that to almost 3 million to 4 million people by lifting the age limits and by lifting the age caps—a vast amnesty, just among those younger people, of a quar-ter of the people who are here in this country illegally. It gets even worse than that. No. 3, the entire rationale of the DACA Program is that children ought not pay for the sins of their parents. How about the parents pay for the sins of the parents? This bill would allow the effective legalization of the very parents who created this problem in the first place. The sponsors of this amendment will say: No, no, we pro-hibit the parents from getting legal status. Let’s look at how they do that. They say that no person can receive legal status if the Department of Homeland Security can show they knowingly assisted the entry of a minor into this country. Tell me how the Department of Homeland Security is supposed to make that showing. How are they supposed to go back 10, 15, 20, 25 years and show that this illegal im-migrant knowingly brought that per-son into this country? It is prepos-terous. It is the exact reason why so many immigration bills have failed for so many years in this body—the Demo-crats write bills they claim do one thing; in reality, they do the exact op-posite. No. 4, they say that it reforms chain migration or at least makes a down-payment on it. Here is what it actually does. It briefly delays a tiny, tiny class of persons from being sponsored by newly legalized immigrants—only about 25,000 per year of the adult chil-dren of green card holders. It takes those and applies them to the other adult children, and when those immi-grants become citizens—guess what— they get to sponsor their adult children again. So it does not make a single change to the practice of extended fam-ily chain migration, which is respon-sible for so much of the unskilled and low-skilled immigration we have had in this country over the last 40 years. It makes no changes whatsoever to the diversity lottery, not a single one, even though every other provision under serious consideration has at least eliminated that lottery and re-allocated those green cards toward other purposes, such as clearing out the family-based backlog and clearing out the high-skilled backlog. Some people say that it appropriates $25 billion—$2.5 billion a year for 10 years—for the border wall. It does no such thing. Again, it says one thing and does another. It gives $2.5 billion for the first year. It can’t be spent on physical barriers. Then, every year after that, it makes that money con-tingent on a report and a certification by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity that is purposefully onerous, dif-ficult to achieve, and therefore means the money likely will not be available in future years. And, of course, if a Democratic President comes into office during the 10 years of this bill, we know that his Department of Home-land Security will never submit that report certification, and that money will never be spent. Finally, No. 5, this amendment has no chance of becoming law—zero chance. It shouldn’t pass this Chamber to begin with, but even if that were to happen, President Trump issued a veto threat just minutes ago. The House of Representatives is not going to pass this bill. They probably will not even take it up, as they didn’t take it up the last time the Senate passed a terrible immigration bill. My friends, this Democratic bill de-serves to be roundly defeated. There is one bill that has a chance to pass the House of Representatives and get the President’s signature; that is, the President’s framework proposal, which, in a very generous and humane fashion, gives citizenship—not just legal status but citizenship—to 1.8 mil-lion young people who were brought here or came here before the age of ac-countability. On the other hand, it mitigates the negative consequences of that decision, which we all know will happen. First, to control the increased incen-tives for illegal immigration, it pro-vides the money and closes the loop-holes necessary to secure our southern border. Second, to prevent that newly legal-ized class of citizens from sponsoring the very parents who created this prob-lem in the first place and their siblings and ultimately their grandparents, their aunts and uncles, cousins, and their nieces and nephews, it ends the practice of extended family chain mi-gration and says that American citi-zens can always sponsor their spouses and their minor kids, but anyone else, any other adult, should stand on their own two feet if they want to immigrate to this country. That is what the President said he will sign. That is, therefore, what the House of Representatives can pass. That is the bill that should pass today—the bill that is sponsored by Chairman G RASSLEY of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.015 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1143 February 15, 2018 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I want to take a moment to emphasize why the Secure and Succeed Act is the right bill for the Senate to pass this week. I chose to join my colleagues, who have worked hard on this bill for months, for a few important reasons. First, this bill provides a way for-ward for our DACA recipients. I have said time and again that I appreciate the contributions our DACA recipients are making in our communities. They are our friends, our neighbors, and our churchgoers. I support finding them a way forward. Our bill does this. It does it in a fair and humane way. But im-portantly, it also adds strong eligi-bility requirements to ensure the safe-ty and security of the program and stops future illegal immigration. For instance, it does not reward the par-ents who came here illegally by giving them any type of lawful status and sets reasonable time limits and restrictions on who can apply. Second, it provides immediate and significant investments in our border. We cannot allow this problem to hap-pen again. We have a duty and an obli-gation to keep our borders secure and our citizens safe. Our bill recognizes that spending money on the border without giving law enforcement strong authorities is like buying a boat with-out an engine. We need both to keep our borders and our communities se-cure. Third, our bill recognizes that you cannot view immigration in a silo—it is a bulky issue that represents many legal, economic, and security concerns. Many of these issues are deeply inter-connected. Addressing DACA and ad-dressing the border without addressing some of the other issues plaguing our system is a half solution. We must have the President’s four principles to make this work. Finally, this is the President’s plan. The White House has endorsed this pro-posal. The President’s pen is ready to sign it. I urge my colleagues, let’s pass the bill that addresses the right issues in this debate and can actually become law. Let’s pass the Secure and Succeed Act. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the cloture mo-tions filed during yesterday’s session of the Senate ripen at 2:30 p.m. today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The majority whip. 
SOUTH FLORIDA SCHOOL SHOOTING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today we mourn the loss of life of at least 17 people at the Marjory Stoneman Doug-las High School near Fort Lauderdale, FL. We are reminded that when we are asked to do something, there are things we can do to help lessen the likelihood of such terrible tragedies, recognizing that each of these cir-cumstances is unique, and we don’t yet know everything that there is to know or that we should know about this par-ticular shooter. Suffice it to say, he telegraphed on social media, according to reports, his intention to do what he ultimately did. We in Congress, the policymakers, need to come up with tools to be avail-able to law enforcement and the social media platforms to be able to monitor these sort of terroristic threats much in the same way we monitor social media for al-Qaida and ISIS and other terrorists abroad who try to recruit people in the United States in order to kill our fellow citizens in place. We need to not only think about and pray for the families and teachers and sup-port staff who have been affected by this terrible act but conduct hearings and talk to the experts and find out what kind of tools might be available to us. I will mention another example of something we could do that would, I am confident, save lives. In my home State of Texas only a few months ago, we saw a mass shoot-ing in a small town called Sutherland Springs, which is near San Antonio. The gunman there killed 26 people and wounded 20 more. He was a convicted felon. Under existing law, he could not legally purchase or possess firearms, but that didn’t stop him from getting the weapons he used to murder those 26 people and shoot 20 more. Part of the reason was, his criminal history had not been uploaded to the National In-stant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem, which is maintained by the FBI. So the gun retailer, when he had gone in and lied on the background check document, hadn’t known he had been legally disqualified from purchasing a firearm. I have introduced legislation to try to fix that specific problem. It is called the Fix NICS Act. The House has al-ready passed it, but it is awaiting ac-tion in the Senate. Our churches and schools should be refuges—places where parents and chil-dren, especially, feel safe and secure. Many of these shootings can be pre-vented, perhaps not all, but we need to do everything we can. Part of the way we can ensure that our children are protected is to enforce current law— and not just our children but adults as well, as we saw in Sutherland Springs. We can fix our broken background check system and prohibit dangerous individuals who have been convicted of serious crimes from acquiring firearms legally. As I said, we don’t know all of the facts of the Florida shooting, and the circumstances, as is almost always the case, appear to be a little cloudy right now. It may be we will find out there are some clues that this shooter had been sending well in advance of this terrible tragedy that might have pre-vented it from occurring. There is no reason we cannot advance this bipartisan legislation, the Fix NICS legislation, which has already passed in the House. I, personally, am unwilling to face another family mem-ber who has lost a loved one as a result of one of these mass shootings that could have been prevented by making sure the background check system had worked as Congress had intended. Mr. President, on a separate note, this week, a group led by Chairman GRASSLEY of the Senate Judiciary Committee formally introduced a bill to address the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals issue and border se-curity. It is a good starting point be-cause it could actually be signed into law and solve the challenge we have promised to address in providing these young people who, through no fault of their own, find themselves in a box. Be-cause they cannot become American citizens due to the fact that their par-ents brought them into the country il-legally, it would provide them a pre-dictable and productive future. I am glad to be a cosponsor of this legisla-tion, which is called the Secure and Succeed Act. As the President has promised, it does provide a pathway to citizenship for an estimated 1.8 million people who are DACA-eligible. That is an extraor-dinary offer by the President of the United States. Who would have ever thought this President would say to these young people, ‘‘We are going to give you a chance to become American citizens’’? That number is far more than those who were covered by the Executive order that was signed by President Obama because, right now, there are only about 690,000—I say ‘‘only’’—DACA recipients. President Trump would make it 1.8 million. Just as importantly, this bill pro-vides a real plan to strengthen border security by utilizing more boots on the ground, better technology, and addi-tional infrastructure, and it enhances and modernizes our ports of entry through which many of the illegal drugs come that flow into this country from the south. This bill reallocates visas from the diversity lottery system, which is just sort of like a roll of the dice, but it will do it in a way that is fair, and it con-tinues the family-based immigration categories until the current backlog is cleared. I know other colleagues have been working hard on their own ideas, some of which were introduced yesterday and earlier this morning, but one group I haven’t heard much from so far is that of our colleagues across the aisle who shut down the government over the weekend a couple of weeks ago be-cause they insisted we provide a time to address this issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.017 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1144 February 15, 2018 
Indeed, in response, once they agreed to reopen the government, the major-ity leader offered them that time and that opportunity, and that is this week. Yet, so far, none of our Demo-cratic colleagues have even produced a bill. Rather, the bill has been produced by Senator G
RASSLEY and his working group I mentioned. There is another bill by Senator C
OLLINS and Senator R
OUNDS , which we will be voting on here shortly. Then, I believe, Senator G
ARDNER and Senator B ENNET have an-other proposal. The very folks who shut down the government over this issue have failed to produce a plan in response to this demand that we have a debate and that we have a vote to try to address the problem. On Tuesday, the majority leader tried twice to open the debate and start voting, but, both times, there were objections heard by our Demo-cratic colleagues—this despite their re-peated promises over the years to ad-dress the DACA issue once and for all. Now the clock has run so we can fi-nally get started, and we will start vot-ing, as I understand the majority lead-er’s unanimous consent request, at about 2:30 today. We are just getting started in our voting due to the stall-ing and the lack of, really, much de-bate. Certainly, there have been no substantive offers up until this point from our colleagues across the aisle. I believe sincerely that Republicans and Democrats alike want to provide certainty to these DACA recipients, but we have to address the underlying problems with our border security and our flawed immigration system as well. I know our colleague from Pennsyl-vania has introduced an amendment to end dangerous sanctuary city policies. It is simply unacceptable for local ju-risdictions to decide they are not going to cooperate with Federal law enforce-ment agencies. We are a nation, and we are a nation of laws, so the idea that some local group could decide not to cooperate with Federal law enforce-ment authorities ought to worry all of us. Even though this amendment has been endorsed by the Federal Law En-forcement Officers Association and the National Association of Police Organi-zations, many of our colleagues across the aisle will probably vote against it. That is especially odd since some of them voted to advance a similar sanc-tuary city measure themselves in 2015. Even more of our Democratic col-leagues voted to advance what is known as Kate’s Law in 2016. It is named for Kate Steinle, the young woman who was murdered in San Fran-cisco by an illegal immigrant who had been released from custody. Kate’s Law would stiffen penalties for illegal im-migrants who have been caught enter-ing the country repeatedly, as her kill-er had done. What is controversial about that? If you break the law re-peatedly and we find you, there should be very serious consequences. Perhaps Kate Steinle would be alive today had that been the case before her untimely death. I don’t know why our Democratic colleagues refuse to vote for these and other related proposals. I really don’t get it. Yet I do know one thing that is worth highlighting: Their unwilling-ness to support reforms represents a stark departure from what they have said in the past. For example, in 2006, the senior Sen-ator from California said: ‘‘Democrats are solidly behind controlling the bor-der, and we support the border fence. . . . We’ve got to get tough on the bor-der.’’ She was then joined by then-Sen-ator Harry Reid, who had made similar statements. The senior Senator from Colorado has said the Democrats still believe in border security. That is good to hear. I wish their actions reflected that. In recent years, the junior Senator from New Mexico has said: ‘‘It is crit-ical we have the personnel, equipment, and policies in place that focus en-forcement on the most significant pub-lic safety threats along the border.’’ I could not have said that better myself, but when it comes time to vote, strangely, almost uniformly, our col-leagues vote no. I agree with our colleague from Indi-ana as well, who went down to the bor-der a while back and said he had seen for himself just how bad the situation was in certain areas. That is why he voted to hire more border agents, pe-nalize businesses that hire illegal im-migrants, and deport those who com-mit felonies. My point is, we should all remember we are not as far apart as the press would seem to make it. Now it is time to advance the bill to that effect—not next time, not next month, not next year. We know the clock is ticking. The President has given us until March 5 to get this done, but if this week is any indication, our colleagues on the other side don’t seem to be in any par-ticular hurry. As the majority leader said earlier this week, we need to stop making po-litical points and start making a law. That means passing it out of the Sen-ate, passing it out of the House, and getting the President to sign it into law. That is how you make law. Sev-eral weeks ago, as I said, the majority leader made a commitment to hold this debate and to hold it this week. He has lived up to that commitment, and now we can’t let it all just go to waste and squander this opportunity. I am really shocked by that after the President made this offer of a pathway to citizenship for 1.8 million young adults who were brought into this country as children illegally by their parents. I have always said we don’t hold children responsible for their par-ents’ mistakes. That is why we should embrace this proposal by the Presi-dent. I don’t know how you tell these young people we had the opportunity to address their anxiety and the uncer-tainty in their futures by passing a bill that encompasses the President’s pro-posal and gives them a pathway to citi-zenship. How do you look them in their faces and say we squandered this gold-en opportunity, maybe a once-in-a-life-time opportunity? That is what this week is about. There are about 124,000 DACA recipi-ents in my State of Texas, and I will proudly cast a vote soon to ensure that they stay here and contribute to our schools, our churches, and our commu-nities. We are a nation of immigrants, but we are also a nation of laws, and you cannot have one without the other. What this week is about is finding a bipartisan permanent solution for these young adults but doing more than just that. I, certainly, respect that some of our colleagues have intro-duced thoughtful ideas, but we have to remember that, ultimately, we need to move a bill through the Senate that can pass not only this body but the House and be signed into law by the President. This is not about grandstanding or making a political point. The idea is to produce a result, one that we have all said we want. So let’s not waste any more time. Let’s send the House and then the President something that can become law and provide certainty to these young people who are worried about their future and regain our leg-acy as a nation that believes in the rule of law and security for all. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, in the late 1980s, Congress debated and adopted amnesty legislation for 3 million peo-ple who were here illegally. It did so promising the American people that in exchange for amnesty, the Federal Government would finally, finally, fi-nally secure the border. We all know what happened. That amnesty oc-curred, and the border never got se-cured. At the time, there were 3 mil-lion people living here illegally. Today, estimates are that there are in excess of 12 million people living here ille-gally. Five years ago, in 2013, this body again debated amnesty. The so-called Gang of 8 again failed to secure the border but once again made the same promise of amnesty for millions here illegally in exchange for an ephemeral, never-to-come promise to secure the border. The Senate ultimately passed the Gang of 8 bill. As it was being voted on, Senate Democrats bragged on television that they believed they had north of 70 votes—that now was the time, again, to pass amnesty. Yet the American people rose up and said: Amnesty is not what we want. It is inconsistent with the rule of law. We saw Senators at the last minute jump-ing ship. At the end of the day, it passed this body by 68 votes and then went nowhere in the House of Rep-resentatives. So again, today, we are here having the same debate. I feel like Bill Murray 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.018 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1145 February 15, 2018 
in ‘‘Groundhog Day,’’ waking up and reliving the same day over and over and over, and the result is the same. Listen, I don’t know how these votes will occur this afternoon. It may be that nothing gets 60 votes. That is pos-sible. But it may also be that the Sen-ate embraces one of the various am-nesty plans that is put on the table. If that is the case, it will be every bit as big a mistake as the Gang of 8 was a mistake and as the amnesty in the 1980s was a mistake. I must say that I find myself flabbergasted at where my own party is in this debate, because every proposal that has Republican support that has been submitted begins from a place markedly to the left of that of President Obama. President Obama, as we all know, issued DACA, which was otherwise known as Executive amnesty. Execu-tive amnesty was illegal and unconsti-tutional. The President has no author-ity to refuse to enforce the law. Yet President Obama decreed that he would not enforce Federal immigration laws, and that is exactly what he did. At the time, virtually every Repub-lican denounced Executive amnesty as unconstitutional, as lawless, as wrong. Yet today, far too many Senate Repub-licans are staking out a place well to the left of President Obama on DACA on numerous axes. No. 1, DACA itself covered 690,000 people. Yet what is the proposal being considered by this body? Under the mildest of the proposals, we are considering a path to citizenship for 1.8 million people. Why on Earth would we more than double—nearly tri-ple—the DACA population? If there are 690,000 people who received illegal and unconstitutional Executive amnesty, then, it seems to me that, at the very most, the population we should con-sider is those 690,000. The argument is made that they have relied on this promise, even though the promise was illegal and even though it was unconstitutional. The people who relied on this promise are the 690,000, not the 1.1 million who never even ap-plied. So I would ask why Republicans— and, indeed, why Democrats—are near-ly tripling what President Obama did in DACA. But that is not the only re-gard. DACA never included citizenship. Nothing in President Obama’s DACA allowed citizenship. Nothing in it al-lowed a path to citizenship. DACA was a work permit, nothing more than a work permit—an illegal work permit, mind you—but it did not allow citizen-ship. Yet today far too many Repub-licans are eager to embrace the Demo-crats’ demands that 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10 mil-lion people here illegally should be granted a path to citizenship. That is wrong. That is plain and simple wrong. It is unfair to the millions of working men and women. It is unfair to the steelworkers, the truckdrivers, and the mechanics. It is unfair to millions of American citizens, working men and women, who faced stagnant wages under President Obama. It is unfair to millions of legal immigrants whose wages are driven down by those here il-legally. It is inconsistent with the promises made by virtually every Re-publican in this body. Every Republican who went out and campaigned against Executive amnesty said: We will not have amnesty. Well, now is the time to choose. If this body chooses to grant citizenship to 2, 3, 4 million people here illegally, those promises will have been directly bro-ken. That is a mistake. It is wrong. Not only that, but the legislation this body is preparing to consider not only would grant citizenship, but it would make those here illegally eligible for Federal welfare—Federal welfare benefits. Not only do people come here illegally, but it drives up the cost. Every one of us has been asked by American citizens: Why are we spend-ing vast sums of money providing wel-fare benefits? Why would we want to do that to those here illegally? We are a nation of immigrants. My father came as an immigrant in 1957 with nothing—$100 in his underwear and not speaking English—but he came legally. We should be embracing legal immigrants rather than excusing and condoning illegal immigration. I do not believe we should be grant-ing citizenship to anyone here ille-gally, nor should we be providing Fed-eral welfare benefits to anyone here il-legally, nor should we be expanding the pool of DACA recipients beyond that in the Obama program. Yet Republicans seem eager to do so. It is possible that our Democratic friends will save us from this foolishness—that even though Republicans are proposing a profoundly foolhardy immigration pro-posal, the Democrats will decide they want even more. There is not enough amnesty that the Democrats could take. If they do that, that will save the day for now. But if not, if this body gets 60 votes for one of these amnesty proposals, then it is incumbent on the House to stop it, much like with the Gang of 8. In the Gang of 8, the Senate couldn’t stop it. The Senate has always, unfor-tunately, been very liberal on immi-gration. It has been very willing to make promises to the voters and promptly come down here and vote very differently from those promises. But the House of Representatives—the People’s House—is designed to be re-sponsive to the people. So it is my hope that House conservatives, facing the people and listening to the people, will recognize that we had an election in 2014 in response to the Gang of 8. The American people said: We don’t want the Gang of 8. They elected the largest House majority of Republicans in 70 years. They elected 9 new Republicans in the Senate and retired Harry Reid as majority leader. Yet, somehow, Repub-licans in this body didn’t hear the vot-ers in 2014. We had an election in 2016 that the media was ready to call for Hillary Clinton. Yet, front and center in the 2016 election, was the American people saying: We don’t want amnesty. My call to our colleagues, both Democrats and Republicans, is listen to the people. There are many things we can and should be doing. We should be passing Kate’s Law. I authored and introduced Kate’s Law in this body. Kate’s Law provides that for an aggravated felon who has been repeatedly entering this country illegally and who has been de-ported repeatedly, that that aggra-vated felon have a mandatory min-imum prison sentence. Kate’s Law is known for Kate Steinle, that beautiful woman in California murdered on a pier by an illegal alien deported over and over with multiple felony convic-tions. Had Kate’s Law been on the books, I believe it is very likely that Kate Steinle would still be alive. That is the sort of commonsense legislation on which we ought to be coming to-gether and passing. Yet there is the old adage: Those who fail to learn from history are doomed to repeat it. This body made a grievous mistake in passing the Gang of 8 bill. Thank-fully, the House saved us from our error. We may be on the verge of mak-ing the same grievous mistake. It is al-most as if elections don’t penetrate. We need to be listening to the voters. I do not know a single Republican— not one in this body, not one in the House of Representatives—who was elected on a promise: I will go to the left of Barack Obama on immigration. If one of us campaigned promising that, knock yourself out. Vote for this. But if you didn’t say that Obama’s Ex-ecutive amnesty didn’t go far enough, that we need to double or triple the pool, that we need to grant citizenship because Obama was too much of a con-servative on immigration—if you didn’t say that—then the only vote consistent with what we told the vot-ers is to vote no today. We can come together and find commonsense solu-tions on immigration. We can secure the border. We can triple the Border Patrol. We can end catch and release. We can implement a strong E-verify. We can use strong tools and tech-nology. We can continue to embrace and celebrate legal immigrants, and we can do all of that while respecting the rule of law. What I would urge my colleagues to do is very simple. Ask yourself what you told the voters before election, and let your conduct after election day match what you told the voters. As for the Democrats, the Democrats campaigned as the party of amnesty. They are at least being true to their promises. They promised amnesty. That is their priority. They are being true. But for Republicans, we promised something different. We promised to stand with the working men and women, the union members, the steel-workers, the men and women with cal-luses on their hands. I urge every one of us to listen to the working men and women, to respect the rule of law, and to vote against these misguided proposals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.020 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1146 February 15, 2018 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 2 min-utes before we proceed to the cloture vote scheduled at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1955 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I was honored when my good friend Senator J
OHN MCCAIN reached out to me 2 weeks ago to suggest that we introduce bipartisan legislation here in the Sen-ate that would attempt to solve two of our most pressing immigration issues and keep our country and Congress moving forward. The bill we have in-troduced—and which the Senate will soon proceed to vote on—doesn’t solve every immigration issue we face, and it doesn’t try to. What our bill does is focus on the issues on which we can agree. It is an attempt to break through the messy political debates and substantive disagreements here and find compromise. Our bill would do two simple things: Move to secure our border, and finally give Dreamers the path to citizenship they deserve. First, to address border security, our bipartisan bill would ensure that we gain operational control of the border by 2020 with new investments, new technology, new resources for Federal, State, and local law enforcement. It would also reduce current immigration court backlogs by funding new judges and attorneys, while addressing one of the root causes of immigration from Central America. Second, our bill would give legal cer-tainty to 1.8 million Dreamers who are American in every way but the paper-work—young Americans who have known no other country but this one. Dreamers who continue to play by the rules by going to school, serving in our military, and maintaining consistent employment can become lawful perma-nent residents and, 5 years later, U.S. citizens. Senator M
CCAINand I aren’t the only ones who think this bipartisan solution makes sense; 54 Members of the House—an even split of 27 Republicans and 27 Democrats—have cosponsored and led this effort. It has been cham-pioned by Republican Congressman W
ILLHURDof Texas, whose district has 800 miles of the U.S.-Mexico border, and Democratic Congressman P
ETE A
GUILAR of California. Our bill is more than just a set of policies. It is a way for us to agree when we can agree and not let our dis-agreements get in the way of making progress. There have been misrepresen-tations and half-truths said in attack-ing this bill, and I will simply say this: Would a true American hero and pa-triot like Senator M
CCAINhave lent his name to this bill if all these attacks were true? I think not. Our message is simple. We may not fix every immigration issue right now, but we can take a historic step for-ward, and with new technology, new manpower, a new pathway to citizen-ship, address Dreamers and allow them to succeed in American schools and in the American military and to enrich American communities without fear of deportation. These are tough issues, but the solution is simple. I hope my colleagues will join me in voting for the McCain-Coons bill. I yield the floor. CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on amend-ment No. 1955 to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to un-subsidized COBRA continuation coverage. Angus S. King, Jr., Christopher A. Coons, Heidi Heitkamp, Joe Donnelly, Tim Kaine, Mark R. Warner, Sheldon Whitehouse, Debbie Stabenow, Mar-garet Wood Hassan, Jeanne Shaheen, Jack Reed, Tammy Baldwin, Patty Murray, Edward J. Markey, Amy Klo-buchar, Richard J. Durbin, Brian Schatz, Charles E. Schumer. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 1955, offered by the Senator from Illi-nois, Mr. D
URBIN , for the Senator from Delaware, Mr. C
OONS , to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 33 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NAYS—47 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C AS-
SIDY). On this vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 47. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there now be 2 minutes of debate, equally divided, prior to each remaining vote in this se-ries; finally, that any further vote in the series be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 1948 to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, Chuck Grassley, John Cornyn, David Perdue, John Thune, Cory Gardner, Lindsey Graham, Bob Corker, James Lankford, John Hoeven, Rob Portman, Lamar Alexander, Steve Daines, Shelley Moore Capito, Dan Sullivan. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 1948, offered by the Senator from Ken-tucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , for the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. T
OOMEY , to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the pre-mium tax credit with respect to unsub-sidized COBRA continuation coverage, shall be brought to a close? There is 2 minutes of debate. Who yields time? The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, Kate Steinle didn’t have to be shot and killed on a pier in San Francisco. A 13- year-old child didn’t have to be raped in the city of Philadelphia by Ramon Ochoa. Both of those crimes were com-mitted by people who were in this country illegally after previously com-mitting multiple crimes and after hav-ing been deported. In both cases, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.021 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1147 February 15, 2018 
cities in which these crimes occurred— the police departments—had these criminals in custody shortly prior to the commission of these crimes. But in both cases, when the Department of Homeland Security asked for a tem-porary detention until they could take these people into custody and deport them, that was not allowed because these were sanctuary cities. These sanctuary cities systematically forbid the local police from even sharing in-formation or cooperating with Federal immigration officials, even in the case of criminals. My amendment is a bipartisan amendment. I want to thank the Sen-ator from West Virginia for cospon-soring it. This is an amendment that will ensure that any legal liability for wrongful detention is held by the Fed-eral Government, and nonsecurity funds—CDBG grants and some other categories—will be withheld from sanc-tuary cities. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the Toomey amendment will withhold crit-ical funding from cities, counties, and States whose police departments refuse to deploy their police officers as immi-gration agents for the Federal Govern-ment. Listen to what the two chiefs of po-lice in Storm Lake and Marshalltown, IA, wrote last week to the Des Moines Register: 
Most significant, the proposed bill would diminish the trust that keeps our cities safe in the first place. We depend on residents, in-cluding immigrants, to come to us when they see something suspicious or potentially criminal. If they hear of a looming ‘‘crack-down’’ that could affect their families and friends, they are less likely to come [for-ward] to report and prevent actual crimes. 
This is from Iowa chiefs of police in the Midwest. It is common sense. My superintendent in Chicago, E
DDIE J
OHNSON , said: 
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. Un-documented immigrants are not driving vio-lence in Chicago. That’s why I want our offi-cers focused on community policing and not trying to be immigration police. 
Vote for our men and women in uni-form. Vote against the Toomey amend-ment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired. The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 54, nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 34 Leg.] YEAS—54 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—45 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 54, the nays are 45. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 1958, as modified, to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA con-tinuation coverage. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, Chuck Grassley, John Cornyn, David Perdue, John Thune, Cory Gardner, Lindsey Graham, Bob Corker, James Lankford, Lisa Murkowski, John Hoeven, Rob Portman, Lamar Alexander, Steve Daines, Shelley Moore Capito. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 1958, as modified, offered by the Sen-ator from New York, Mr. S
CHUMER , to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the pre-mium tax credit with respect to unsub-sidized COBRA continuation coverage, shall be brought to a close? There will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided. Who yields time? The Senator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I know there is some dispute about the name of this amendment, so let’s just call it the ‘‘olly olly oxen free’’ amendment because it says to the entire world: If you can get to our country in the next 4 months, olly olly oxen free—you can stay forever. That is right. This bill directs the Department of Homeland Security not to prioritize enforcement action not only against illegal immigrants here today but anyone who gets here over the next 4 months. Second, it is an amnesty that is far broader than the DACA Program—not 700,000, not 1.8 million, but over 3 mil-lion people. Third, it is even worse than that be-cause it includes their parents as well. The bill purports to prohibit parents from being legalized, but it requires the Federal Government to show that the parents did not knowingly assist the entry of a minor into this country. How can the government show that 15, 20, 25 years later? And to say nothing of the fact that it puts onerous condi-tions on the spending of any money for security. It does virtually nothing for chain migration and nothing at all to the diversity lottery. That is why President Trump has issued a veto threat, and that is why every one of my colleagues should vote no. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, while I enjoy the humor that my colleague from Arkansas has expressed, this is an important bill. What we have done is what the President has asked for. No. 1, this provides $25 billion for a border security system. No. 2, it addresses the issue of DACA. It takes care of 1.8 million young peo-ple who want to be citizens of the United States 10 to 12 years from now. It does not provide a citizenship oppor-tunity for their parents. I yield at this time to my colleague, the Senator from Maine. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Mr. KING. Mr. President, on January 9 of this year, the President of the United States said: We are going to come up with DACA. We are going to do DACA, and then we can start imme-diately on phase two, which will be comprehensive. I think we have to do DACA first. Later that evening, he tweeted and said that in addition to DACA, we need to do the border. This is that bill. Much of the criticism are for things not in this bill. They weren’t intended to be. This is a narrow bill dealing with DACA and border security. This is what the American people want us to do, and they are going to be puzzled if anyone in this body votes against a bill that will deal with DACA and border security. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues, Senator R
OUNDS  and Senator K
ING, in clarifying the in-tent of a provision from the Immigra-tion Security and Opportunity Act, which has been offered as an amend-ment. What this provision seeks to do is send a strong message to people who come to the country after the bill is enacted that they are going to be a pri-ority for deportation just like a person 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.027 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1148 February 15, 2018 
who has committed a felony is prioritized for deportation. I commit to changing this date from June 30, 2018, back to the beginning of the calendar year, January 1, 2018, in conference should the amendment be adopted by the Senate. Mr. KING. Mr. President, I agree with the senior Senator from Maine on the intent of this provision and support working with her and our colleagues to move this date to January 1, 2018. I would also offer that to prioritize some actions does not mean to do so at the exclusion of others, nor does it mean that DHS is prohibited in any way from enforcing the law. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I, too, would like to echo the comments by Senator C
OLLINS and Senator K INGon the intent of the provision and our commitment to move this date back to the beginning of the year. This provi-sion is needed to ensure that we are providing a deterrent. Individuals who come to the U.S. after a particular date must know that we are going to focus resources on their deportation just like we will focus on felons and other crimi-nals and those who pose a threat to our Nation’s security or public safety. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 54, nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 35 Leg.] YEAS—54 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Hassan Heitkamp Hirono Isakson Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—45 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Grassley Harris Hatch Heinrich Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Wicker Young NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 54, the nays are 45. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 1959 to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, Chuck Grassley, John Cornyn, David Perdue, John Thune, Cory Gardner, Lindsey Graham, Bob Corker, James Lankford, John Hoeven, Rob Portman, Lamar Alexander, Steve Daines, Shelley Moore Capito, Dan Sullivan. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 1959, offered by the Senator from Iowa, Mr. G
RASSLEY , to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage, shall be brought to a close? There will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided. Who yields time? The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, we offer you commonsense reforms. More than half of the Senators on that side just voted for a massive amount of funding that we need for border secu-rity. We offer that as well, but we also make it easier for authorities to re-move criminals. We end chain migra-tion. We end the diversity visa. We also have a path to citizenship for 1.8 mil-lion DACA recipients and Dreamers. In a sense, this is it. It is the only plan that can become law because the President has said he would sign it. This is it. This is one’s last chance to vote for a path to citizenship for all of the people we have been talking about giving justice to and being compas-sionate about and bringing out of the dark. So here we are with an oppor-tunity to do it. I hope you will vote yes and support it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, we have waited a long time and worked very hard for the chance to vote on a bill to protect Dreamers. I regret that the only bipartisan effort of the group of moderate Senators to come up with a bipartisan compromise couldn’t get the necessary 60 votes, and I expect the Grassley proposal will not get 60 ei-ther. I salute the eight brave Repub-licans who voted for the bipartisan compromise. There is only one reason the Senate will be unable to reach a bipartisan so-lution to DACA—President Trump. President Trump created this problem by terminating the DACA Program last August. Since that decision, President Trump has stood in the way of every single proposal that could have become law. In conclusion, immigration is always a contentious issue. There are intense feelings on both sides of the aisle. If there were ever a time for Presidential leadership, this was it. President Trump has failed his test of leader-ship—spectacularly. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. MCCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 39, nays 60, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 36 Leg.] YEAS—39 
Alexander Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Donnelly Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Isakson Johnson Lankford Manchin McConnell Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Scott Shelby Sullivan Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—60 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Cruz Daines Duckworth Durbin Enzi Feinstein Flake Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Inhofe Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Thune Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 39, the nays are 60. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The Senator from North Carolina. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.003 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1149 February 15, 2018 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
IMMIGRATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I think it is safe to say it has been a dis-appointing week. I kept my commit-ment and set aside the entire week for a broad and productive debate over DACA, border security, and other im-portant immigration issues. My friend the Democratic leader, the assistant Democratic leader, the Congressional Hispanic Caucus—everyone agrees that I held up my end of the bargain. Back in December, I stated that if a bill that stood a chance of becoming law were ready in January, I would bring it to the floor. No such proposal was produced. Then, in January, when Democrats shut down the government over this issue, I offered to dedicate this week— this week that we have been in—to an immigration debate and a fair amend-ment process. I just did that, but the same Democrats failed to produce a so-lution and, instead, spent the better part of the week objecting to any votes in the Senate. I thought we might be able to resolve this. I was hoping we could reach a bi-partisan solution that could pass the Senate, pass the House, and earn Presi-dent Trump’s signature. But, once again, when the hour came to actually make law instead of just making polit-ical points, our friends across the aisle were either unable or unwilling to get something done. After all the talk—all the talk—they hardly came to the table at all. I supported the plan introduced by Chairman G
RASSLEY and several other cosponsors. It fleshed out the Presi-dent’s framework, pairing a more than generous solution for 1.8 million illegal immigrants with commonsense steps to reform legal immigration, secure the border, and help law enforcement keep Americans safe. In my view, the President came a very long way—clearly, more than halfway—to meet the Democrats on this issue. In exchange for a pathway to citizenship—not just legal status, but a pathway to citizenship—for near-ly 2 million individuals, he sensibly wanted to reform pieces of our broken immigration system, secure our border, and make it harder for violent crimi-nals and repeat offenders to prey on American citizens. That is more than a fair bargain—more than a fair bargain. I thought our friends across the aisle would jump at this opportunity to ful-fill what they say is their top priority, but they just couldn’t take yes for an answer. They turned away from a gold-en opportunity to solve the issue. They decided they would rather come away emptyhanded, with no resolution what-soever for the 1.8 million individuals they say they are championing, than accept a reasonable compromise with the President of the United States. Even though this week has been squandered, this does not have to be the end of our efforts to resolve these matters. I would encourage Members to put away the talking points and get se-rious about finding a solution that can actually become law. I remain eager to improve our immi-gration policy. If a solution is devel-oped in the future that can pass both the House and the Senate and be signed into law by the President, it should be considered. But for that to happen, Democrats will need to take a second look at these core elements of nec-essary reform. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 623, Elizabeth Branch. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Elev-enth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Pat Roberts, Roy Blunt, Tim Scott, Todd Young, Richard C. Shelby, John Boozman, Roger F. Wicker, Marco Rubio, Mike Crapo, Steve Daines, Jerry Moran, Tom Cot-ton, Chuck Grassley, David Perdue, John Cornyn, John Thune. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 153, Russell Vought. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget. Mitch McConnell, Pat Roberts, Roy Blunt, Shelley Moore Capito, Thom Tillis, Richard Burr, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Crapo, Orrin G. Hatch, John Bar-rasso, Johnny Isakson, Michael B. Enzi, John Boozman, Mike Rounds, James M. Inhofe, John Thune, Lindsey Graham. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 437, Marvin Quattlebaum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.039 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1150 February 15, 2018 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, John Cor-nyn, John Kennedy, Richard Burr, Mike Lee, David Perdue, Steve Daines, James Lankford, Pat Roberts, Johnny Isakson, Jeff Flake, Lindsey Graham, Patrick J. Toomey, Marco Rubio, Tom Cotton, James E. Risch. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 438, Karen Scholer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Karen Gren Scholer, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Texas. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Karen Gren Scholer, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the North-ern District of Texas. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, John Cor-nyn, John Kennedy, Richard Burr, Mike Lee, David Perdue, Steve Daines, James Lankford, Pat Roberts, Johnny Isakson, Jeff Flake, Lindsey Graham, Patrick J. Toomey, Marco Rubio, Tom Cotton. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 439, Tilman Eu-gene Self. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Tilman Eugene Self III, of Georgia, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Tilman Eugene Self III, of Georgia, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Thom Tillis, Tom Cotton, David Perdue, John Kennedy, Pat Roberts, Johnny Isakson, Mike Crapo, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Rounds, Steve Daines, Richard Burr, John Boozman, Lindsey Graham, Bill Cassidy, John Barrasso. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 536, Terry Doughty. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Terry A. Doughty, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Terry A. Doughty, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the West-ern District of Louisiana. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Thom Tillis, Tom Cotton, David Perdue, John Kennedy, Pat Roberts, Johnny Isakson, Mike Crapo, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Rounds, Steve Daines, Richard Burr, John Boozman, Lindsey Graham, Bill Cassidy, John Barrasso. Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 617 and 667. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Joel Danies, of Maryland, a Career Member of the Sen-ior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Gabonese Republic, and to serve concurrently and without ad-ditional compensation as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Democratic Republic of Sao Tome and Principe; and Peter Hendrick Vrooman, of New York, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Coun-selor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Rwanda. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Danies and Vrooman nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 590, 591, 643, 644, 682, and 683. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.045 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1151 February 15, 2018 
The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Norman Euell Arflack, of Kentucky, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Kentucky for the term of four years; Ted G. Kamatchus, of Iowa, to be United States Marshal for the South-ern District of Iowa for the term of four years; Michael T. Baylous, of West Virginia, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of West Vir-ginia for the term of four years; Daniel R. McKittrick, of Mississippi, to be United States Marshal for the North-ern District of Mississippi for the term of four years; David G. Jolley, of Ten-nessee, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Tennessee for the term of four years; and Thomas M. Griffin, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Marshal for the District of South Carolina for the term of four years. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Arflack, Kamatchus, Baylous, McKittrick, Jolley, and Griffin nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 472. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Jacobs nomina-tion? The nomination was confirmed. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 661. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Holly W. Greaves, of the District of Columbia, to be Chief Financial Officer, Environ-mental Protection Agency. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Greaves nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 465. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Demers nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 359. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of John Marshall Mitnick, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Department of Homeland Se-curity. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Mitnick nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 645, 646, 647, 648, 662, 684, 685, and 687. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of John Hender-son, of South Dakota, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Air Force; Michael D. Griffin, of Alabama, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering; William Roper, of Geor-gia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force; Phyllis L. Bayer, of Mis-sissippi, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy; John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense; Lisa Gordon-Hagerty, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Nuclear Security, Department of Energy; Kevin Fahey, of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Defense; and Thomas E. Ayres, of Pennsylvania, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Air Force. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.054 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1152 February 15, 2018 
upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Henderson, Griffin, Roper, Bayer, Gibson, Gordon- Hagerty, Fahey, and Ayres nomina-tions en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 663. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Melissa F. Burnison, of Kentucky, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Energy (Congressional and Intergovernmental Affairs). Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Burnison nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Tennessee. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the Senator from Delaware is somewhere in the neighborhood, and he has a train to catch in a few minutes. So I ask unanimous consent that after I make a few remarks about today’s events and the voting today, the Senator from Delaware be recognized, and that fol-lowing his speaking, I be recognized again. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
IMMIGRATION Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, today the Senate voted on immigra-tion. Immigration is a passionate issue. It affects the lives of people. It affects the American creed, which involves the rule of law, which involves the fact that we are a nation of immigrants. It goes to the heart of our country, and we have very strong opinions about it. All of us know that. Of course, that is the reason we have a U.S. Senate. This is not an issue that the Shreveport City Council or the Nashville Metro Council can solve. We can’t solve the problem of our Nation’s borders. We can’t solve the problem in our communities about what to do about people who were brought here as children illegally through no fault of their own. That is our job. That is the job of the President of the United States. That is the job of the Senate, and it is the job of the Congress. We tried before. We tried in 2007, and we failed. We tried in 2013, and this body passed a bill with 68 or 69 votes. I voted for it. If we had passed that bill, as for all the issues we debated today, we wouldn’t have them anymore be-cause we dealt then with border secu-rity in 2013. We would have added 20,000 border agents, 700 miles of fencing, bio-metric detection at our ports of exit and entry, and E-Verify for all of the employers in the country. We would have dealt with the issue of legal sta-tus for people illegally here, people overstaying their visas, temporary workers. We would have done all of that in 2013, but we did not do it. So we are left with this problem of a large number of people living in this country—some for a long period of time—who were brought here as chil-dren through no fault of their own, which is one problem. We have another problem on the border, which is that the border isn’t secure. People coming across the border is one problem, but in my view, the drugs coming across the border are the biggest problem. We have had a lot of hearings in the HELP Committee about opioid addiction. A lot of the heroin and a lot of the illegal drugs that are devastating our commu-nities are coming across our southern border. It is just a fact, and we need to deal with it. So we are dealing with and we voted today on what to do about the children brought here illegally by their parents through no fault of their own and what to do about border security. The Presi-dent of the United States did his job on this one. He did what a President is supposed to do. I read a book by George Reedy, who was Lyndon Johnson’s Press Secretary. He said that a President’s job—the Senator from Delaware is a former Governor, so he knows about this. He and I had an executive job when we were Governors. I did my job this way as Governor. A President’s job is to see an urgent need, to develop a strategy to meet the need, and to persuade at least half the people you are right. That is what George Reedy said the President’s job was, and I think Presi-dent Trump in this case has done his job. He saw an urgent need. He saw a need of the Dreamers, the DACA people who are here. He saw an urgent need to deal with the border. He saw an urgent need to deal with some other holes in our system of legal immigration. He saw a need to deal with the fact that we have kind of slipped into a situation where the million people a year who come here legally, unlike most coun-tries in the world, are brought here by cousins just because they are cousins. They are not brought here because they are part of the immediate family or because they add something special to our country, either skilled or un-skilled, and he sought to change that. The President recognized the fact that once we give someone legal status in this country, once we say to them: We have decided we want you to be here permanently or nearly perma-nently. We want you at least one day to dream of becoming a citizen of the United States—I agree with the Presi-dent on that. I don’t want millions of people living in this country perma-nently who are pledging their alle-giance to Afghanistan and Russia and China and Japan and every other coun-try in the world; I want them to stand up in the Federal court or wherever they have the naturalization cere-mony—or to be able to dream of stand-ing there—and take the same oath of allegiance to this country that George Washington’s soldiers took at Valley Forge, which is the same allegiance today that it was then, where you re-nounce your allegiance to any other country and you pledge your allegiance to the United States. I want anyone who we have decided deserves legal sta-tus on a permanent basis to have that in the back of their mind, not the pledge of allegiance to Korea or Af-ghanistan or Bangladesh or Chile or any other country in the world. I think the President did his job. He made a reasonable proposal. I think he did something that most Democrats and many Americans—maybe many Republicans—did not expect him to do. He said: Let’s take care permanently of these 1.8 million children who were brought here through no fault of their own. As long as they don’t get in trou-ble and follow the law, are law-abiding, let’s give them the dream of citizen-ship after 10 or 12 years. Let’s deal with merit-based immigration. Let’s make some changes in our legal system. Let’s plug some of the holes in the bor-der so these drugs don’t come in. The President made a very strong proposal. Now we are doing what we are supposed to do. We are supposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.055 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1153 February 15, 2018 
react to that. Well, we did today. Sen-ator G
RASSLEY offered the President’s proposal, and it got 39 votes. A bipar-tisan group offered a narrower version of what the President wanted, and it only included the border security part—$25 billion—and a permanent fix for the DACA or Dreamers, who are here because of that provision in the law. It got 54 votes. But neither got 60. Neither got to 60, which we need. Why do we need 60 votes? Because we are the U.S. Senate. The House of Rep-resentatives only needs a majority. We get 60 because we want a consensus. Why do we need a consensus? When we take on a big, difficult, passionate issue like this, we want the people of this country to accept it. We want them to turn around and look—well, if that many Democrats and that many Republicans thought it was a good idea, then maybe I should rethink my own view and think it is a good idea. That is why President Trump has a chance to be Nixon to China on the im-migration issue. He won his election to a large extent because he promised a wall and he talked about immigration. Now he is saying: Here is a solution that has to do with border security, citizenship, and the DACA children, and people will pay attention to that. And they will pay attention to us if we get more than a bare majority to vote for some version of what the President has recommended. Well, we are up to 54. I can give you an example of what I just said. In the late 1960s, the debate was civil rights. Everett Dirksen was the minority leader of the Senate; he was the Republican leader. Lyndon Johnson was the President; he was a Democratic President. They worked to-gether to get 68 votes for the civil rights bill of 1968. It was opposed by Senator Richard Russell of Georgia, but when Senator Russell lost, he flew back to Atlanta and said: It is the law, and we should follow it. That is what we did with civil rights. That is what we did with Social Secu-rity. That is what we did with Medi-care. That is what we did more re-cently with fixing No Child Left Be-hind. That is what we did with 21st Century Cures. When we take on a tough, complicated issue and we talk about it long enough and we get enough of us on both sides of the aisle to agree on it, we get a consensus, the country accepts it, and you don’t have to worry about the next Congress com-ing in and passing it, repealing it, and changing it. When we don’t do that, it is like ObamaCare. It passes with a partisan vote, and then we have a permanent political battle trying to repeal it or replace it. That has been going on for 8 years. We are still not through it yet. We hope to be, but we are not through it yet. So we need 60 votes for a solution for the DACA children who were brought here and the border security position. Actually, I would suggest our goal should be 70, not 60. We are not going to get there with a situation that has 47 or 48 Democrats and 8 or 9 Repub-licans—that doesn’t make 60 in the public schools of Tennessee—and we won’t get it with almost all the Repub-licans and just a few Democrats. That is not a majority. That is not a con-sensus. That is not going to persuade the people of this country that we have come up with something lasting that most people can accept. I have no doubt we can get there. There were 36 Senators of both par-ties who came to a meeting 3 weeks ago at which we said to our two whips—Senators D
URBIN and C ORNYN , on each side—we would like for the two of you to help us find a consensus on this. There were 36 of us. There have been 20 or 25 meetings—about equal number in both parties—trying to find some solution here. I think we are making some pretty good progress. We just didn’t get there today. I am glad the majority leader said that this is not the end of it. It can’t be the end of it. We can’t just leave this here. I can’t go back to Tennessee and tell Memphis or Nashville or Knoxville: Sorry, we can’t do it, so the mayor or the city council will now decide what to do about these children who are ille-gally here and about the drugs coming across the southern border and about legal immigration. I can’t do that. I need to say: I am going to go back. The President has done his job. The Senate worked on it for a week. We got up to 54 votes. We need 70. We need 70. So my hope is that the President will continue to advocate; do his job; see an urgent need—he did; recommend a strategy to deal with the need—he did; and try to persuade at least half the people he is right. He is a good per-suader. And then we will do our job, and that is not to stand in the corners and throw things at each other. Let’s see where we can agree and do what we did on civil rights and fixing No Child Left Behind. This is not any harder than those issues. We ought to be able to do it; otherwise, we shouldn’t be here. I tell my colleagues often that it is pretty hard to be a Senator. It is hard to get here. It is hard to stay here. And while you are here, you might as well amount to something, and amounting to something means getting a result. We didn’t get a result today, but I am convinced that we can. In conclusion—and then I will go to my friend from Delaware—how do we get to 70? Well, I came up here years ago and worked for a Senator named Howard Baker. He was very successful in this body. He ended up as the major-ity leader. He stood right over there next to Senator Byrd when he was the Democratic leader. They had great dif-ferences of opinion, but they ran this body very well. Howard Baker had a saying. He said that it helped to be an eloquent listener, and he said that you have to remember that sometimes the other fellow might be right. I would like to say to my Democratic friends that in this case the other fel-low might be named Trump. They might not like that. They may not like it, but I think we should give the Presi-dent credit for seeing an urgent need, recommending a strategy, and doing his best to persuade half of the Ameri-cans that he is right about that. I think we need some Members on the other side to do what eight of us on the Republican side did this day, which is move the other direction, recognize that the other fellow might be right, come to a conclusion, and do our job. I think we made a start this week, but we are not there yet. I look forward to the opportunity to finish the job, and remembering Howard Baker’s advice that the other fellow might be right might be a good way to start. Mr. President, I yield the floor to my distinguished colleague, the Senator from Delaware. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I am grateful to my colleague from Ten-nessee for yielding to me. One of the reasons Howard Baker was one of the great leaders in this place is he had good staff, and one of those folks, who was maybe the senior mem-ber of his staff lo those many years ago, was L
AMAR ALEXANDER , now Sen-ator A
LEXANDER . Howard Baker would be very proud of the kind of Senator he has become—a great Governor, Sec-retary of Education. He is someone who speaks, more often than not, with great wisdom. He and I agree on not ev-erything but pretty much everything. I am mister glass half full. My wife says to me that I need to be more of a realist. She says I am too much of an optimist. I am not an optimist today. I feel like we leave here—get on a train, go home—feeling like we have not done our job. The Senator from Tennessee has said that the President did his job, but I just don’t agree. I just don’t agree. He served as Governor; I served as Gov-ernor. if we had an impasse on a dif-ficult issue in Delaware—we are lucky; we are a small state—we can pull peo-ple together to resolve just about any-thing and figure out what we call the four c’s. One of those is close to Dela-ware. No. 1 is communicate. No. 2 is compromise. No. 3 is collaborate. No. 4 is civility. Those are the four c’s. That is the reason why we had some success in our State. I am not sure we really demonstrated enough of those today. I am not sure the President did as much as he could have done and should have done. We have a Bible study that meets here on Thursdays, as the Senator from Ten-nessee knows. Seven or eight of us that need the most help meet with the Chaplain of the Senate, Barry Black, retired rear admiral and chief of chap-lains for the Navy and Marine Corps. Today in our Bible study, he men-tioned the golden rules: Treat people the way we want to be treated. Love 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.057 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1154 February 15, 2018 
thy neighbor as thyself. And ask the question: Who is our neighbor? He told the parable about the Good Samaritan. Oftentimes, he mentioned Matthew 25, which deals with the least of these. When I was hungry, did you feed me? When I was naked, did you clothe me? When I was thirsty, did you give me a drink? When I was sick and in prison, did you visit me? When I was a strang-er in your land, did you welcome me? I think there is a moral imperative here. In the case where young people were brought here when they were very young from another country by their parents, have grown up here, were edu-cated here, and are working here in all kinds of jobs—jobs that need to be filled—to say by our actions today that sometime in March—maybe March 5—a lot of them will be facing the prospect of being rounded up and sent back to where they were born, I think, there is a moral imperative that says that is not right. In Delaware State University, we have any number of Dreamers who are students there. They are the most im-pressive young people I have met in my life. They are smart. They work hard. They are good students. They are going to go off and be great employees. They are going to start businesses of their own. For us to say that there is a good chance that you will be sent back to where you were born, doesn’t make a whole lot of sense to me. I think it is morally wrong. I think it is also economically wrong. Today, a bunch of folks in the land-scaping business came to see me. They wanted to talk about the problems they have getting people to come to work for their firms, to work for their companies, and to do landscaping work. It is not easy work. It is hard to find people to do it. In many cases, the folks that will do it come day after day—a day’s work for a day’s pay. They are people who have come here from other countries. The landscapers today—I don’t know if they are Demo-crats or Republicans—are frustrated because they have a good business and customers need their work to be done, and they have a hard time getting Americans born and raised here to do the work. Earlier this week, on Monday, I was in Georgetown, DE. We raise more chickens in Sussex County, DE, than anywhere in America. There are 400 chickens for every person who lives in my State. Poultry is a big business. We met with folks from the Delmarva Pe-ninsula who are very much involved in the poultry industry. They said basi-cally the same thing we heard today from the landscapers: We have a hard time finding people who will work in poultry plants. We have done a lot of things we can to enhance the pay and the benefits. We have wellness centers. We provide incentives for people who want to improve themselves, go on, and have a chance to move up the ladder of success. But there was one lady who said that she is from a major poultry company. I think it was Perdue. She said: We are trying to fill positions. We have 100 people who offer to come in for an interview. She said that out of the 100, they actually have 20 that reach the second step because they can pass the blood test and meet other challenges they have, or obstacles, in order to reach the next rung on the ladder for an interview. They start with 100 and are down to 20 almost like that. Out of those 20, she said, eventually 5 will be able to pass the drug test and have the work experience and the willingness to work. She said they end up with five to hire. Out of those five they hire, a number of them stop coming to work a month later. She said that is what they face; that is reality. And then she said: Please help us. In fact, all the poultry industry people we met on Monday said: Please help us with this. As it turns out, it is not just land-scaping businesses that need people to work. It is not just food processors— poultry in this case. When we received the monthly jobs report earlier this month for the month of January, we were told that the unemployment rate is about 4.1 percent—steady where it was. We are still under way with the longest running economic expansion. I think we are past 8 years now. When people went to work today, there were about 2 to 3 million jobs that were not filled. When folks went to work in this country today across America, for about 2 to 3 million jobs, nobody showed up to do the job. It makes no sense to me that we face the prospect of 700,000, 800,000 people who were raised here, were educated here, work here, want to work here, and want to contribute, could do those jobs, and they may not get a chance to do them. Employers have risen up with one voice, from the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, the National Association of Manufacturers, the Business Round-table, the National Federation of Inde-pendent Businesses, and the Farm Bu-reau—you name it—to say: We have a problem on the human resources side with getting people to come to work. I think it is economic insanity for us to say that for 700,000 or 800,000 people and maybe a couple hundred thousand people that came here from El Sal-vador: We are going to send you home. It makes no sense. I hope my friend is right. I hope we leave here, come back in a week or so, and say: How do we get to an agree-ment? The last thing I will say is this. Bor-der security is really important. I was chairman of the Homeland Security Committee for a while. I am still the senior Democrat on the committee. If you compare border security in this country today to what it was 10, 20 years ago, it is a more secure border. It should be. We spent a fortune. We have 20,000 people down in border security. We are doing a lot of smarter things. I will conclude with this point. In-cluded in the proposal today that, I think, got the most votes—54 votes— was the Collins, King, et al. Included in that package were a number of what I call force multipliers. They would ac-tually make the border more secure. There is someplace along the border where a wall makes sense, like in San Diego. I was stationed in the Navy in San Diego. There are some places there, and there are other places where a wall makes sense. I heard more than a few times: If you build a 15-foot wall, someone will come along with an 18- foot ladder, or come along with a tun-nel to go under it. There are a lot of things we can do to assist the 20,000 Border Patrol men and women we have. We are having a hard time filling those 20,000 positions. We have hundreds of those jobs vacant today. Do you know where we could put peo-ple to work on the border? At ports of entry, where hundreds of millions of dollars of commerce are coming through every week—coming up from Mexico and going down into Mexico. There is a crying need for 3,000 people to work as Customs officers at the ports of entry. My colleague talks, as he should, about concern about drugs coming into our country. Right now, the biggest threat is from China. They are coming over here ordered by the internet. There is stuff coming in by the mail service. Senator P
ORTMAN and I are working to do a much tighter job in that regard to stop the importation of fentanyl through the Postal Service. There are a bunch of things that we can do on the border that were in-cluded in the bipartisan proposal today. I will mention a couple of them. It is not just enough to have drones. You have to have drones that you can fly. You have to have good surveillance systems. You have to have people who maintain them. And they don’t just fly 8 hours out of every 24. They are able to be up in the sky throughout the day and throughout the week with the kind of surveillance systems that are need-ed. It is not just enough to have a couple of helicopters that can fly every day, but they have to be able to go 24/7 and have the same kind of surveillance sys-tems that are good. With fixed-wing aircraft, the same is true. I was a naval flight officer of a P–3 air mission com-mand. We did a lot of surface surveil-lance and chased submarines all over the world. They would send us out in the ocean to look for somebody’s ship that had sunken or a sailboat that had sunken. Sometimes all we would have in the middle of the ocean was a pair of binoculars—good luck finding anybody. We don’t have to just use binoculars on the border, with drones, fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters, fixed-wing towers, or mobile towers. We have surveillance systems that can enable us to see 15, 20, 25 miles into Mexico. We should use them and make sure they are main-tained and that people are trained to operate them. When you have hundreds of miles of river, building a wall there doesn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.059 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1155 February 15, 2018 
make sense. Boats do and boat ramps make sense. In places where the wall may not make sense, a fence may make sense. Roads along the fence may make sense. In some places, Border Patrol on horses makes sense. In some places, we have high grasses. Put a Border Patrol officer up on a horse and he can see for miles and miles. That makes sense. This and more was included in the proposal that drew 54 votes. It is the kind of thing we ought to do. It doesn’t cost $25 billion, but it will be cost-ef-fective and make our border more se-cure. I have great affection for our col-league from Tennessee. I appreciate his encouraging tone that this is not the end. What did Churchill say when he got bounced out of office at end of World War II? He was asked 6 months after the war, when he really carried Britain through on his back. The war is over. He gets beaten. He is asked by a reporter after he lost: For you, Mr. Churchill, is this the end? He said: It is not the end. It is not the beginning of the end. It is the end of the beginning. I hope this is the end of the begin-ning—maybe with the help of God and maybe with a little bit better leader-ship from the folks down at 1600. The last thing is this. The Depart-ment of Homeland Security—which I worked for years to strengthen, to make something we can all be proud of—apparently has put out a statement today. I asked to read it. I am told by all kinds of people that it is riddled with inaccuracies and falsehoods. I am going to read it tonight on the way going home. I hope that is not true. What we need to operate here is the truth. I will close with the words of Thomas Jefferson: If the people know the truth, we will not make a mistake. I heard that what the Department of Homeland Security put out today was not truth-ful. It is hard, with that kind of infor-mation, to do the right thing. I wish to thank my colleague for giv-ing me this much time and for being so patient with me. We will be back here in 10 days or so, and we will have a chance to reconnect and see if we can pull a victory out of the jaws of defeat. I thank the Senator for yielding. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Delaware for his remarks and his comments. I cer-tainly hope that when we come back, we can get a result. That is what the job is about. I cosponsored and voted for the President’s legislation. I co-sponsored and voted for the bipartisan legislation. My hope is that I have a chance to cosponsor and vote for legis-lation that gets 65 or 70 votes and solves the problem. 
f 
THANKING THE JUNIOR SENATOR FROM ALABAMA Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I would like to note the presence on the floor of the junior Senator from Ala-bama, Mr. JONES , who has been waiting patiently. He and I were working to-gether on something that I am about to speak about, a resolution that has to do with an event that happened 50 years ago, the Memphis sanitation workers strike. He has plenty to say about it, but he has not yet made what we call his maiden speech on the Senate floor. We usually reserve that moment for a sin-gular opportunity to speak. So he is waiting until that time to speak. I re-spect that. I told him the little story of what happened to Senator Baker when he was in Senator J
ONES ’ position. Baker’s father-in-law, Senator Dirksen, whom I mentioned, was the leader. Ev-erybody assembled to hear Baker’s maiden speech. Baker spoke a little too long. Dirksen came over to congratu-late him. Baker looked up and said to his father-in-law, Senator Dirksen: How did I do? Dirksen said: Howard, perhaps you should occasionally enjoy the luxury of an unexpressed thought. So I congratulate Senator J
ONES on his sticking with tradition here. I value the fact that we are working to-gether on civil rights, as well as the fact that we will be in Memphis to-gether on the Civil Rights Pilgrimage, which he is taking a part in leading early next month. I thank him for being on the floor today while I make these remarks. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MEM-PHIS SANITATION WORKERS STRIKE Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 1968 was a tumultuous year. Violent protests erupted in cities across the country. Both Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and then-Senator and Presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy were as-sassinated, and American soldiers were fighting in the Vietnam war. In Memphis, TN, African-American sanitation workers had faced years of hazardous working conditions and dis-crimination in pay and benefits. Their strike would become a historic event in the civil rights movement. In January 1968, the workers began negotiating with Memphis Mayor Henry Loeb and the Memphis City Council to improve pay and working conditions. On February 1, 1968, two sanitation workers, Echol Cole and Robert Walk-er, sought shelter from the pouring rain and were crushed to death in their garbage truck when the compactor on the truck malfunctioned. Their deaths galvanized the 1,300 African-American sanitation workers who decided to begin their strike to protest working conditions on February 12, 1968. The workers demanded recognition of their union, increased pay, and safer working conditions. Mayor Loeb and the city council responded by threat-ening to replace the striking workers unless they returned to work. Throughout February and early March, negotiations continued, and on March 28, 1968, Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Rev. James Lawson led a march from the Clayborn Temple that ended with rioting, arrests, and the death of 16-year-old Larry Payne. Civil rights leaders vowed to march again, focusing on the principles of non-violence. On April 3, 1968, Dr. King addressed a rally of 10,000 African-American work-ers and residents, members of the cler-gy, and union members at the Mason Temple—the Memphis headquarters of the Church of God in Christ. His speech included these lines: I have been to the mountain top. . . . I’ve seen the Promised Land. I may not get there with you. But I want you to know tonight that we, as a people, will get to the Promised Land. 
That was Dr. Martin Luther King. The next day, April 4, 1968, Dr. King was assassinated as he stood on a bal-cony at the Lorraine Motel. On April 8, 1968, 4 days later, 42,000 people marched in Memphis. The strike was resolved on April 16. The 1,300 sani-tation workers in Memphis took a stand for freedom, and they displayed courage in their pursuit of equality. In his speech on April 3, Dr. King said: 
Now we’re going to march again, and we’ve got to march again, in order to put the issue where it is supposed to be—and force every-body to see that there are 1,300 of God’s chil-dren here suffering, sometimes going hungry, going through dark and dreary nights won-dering how this thing is going to come out. That’s the issue. And we’ve got to say to the nation: We know how it’s coming out. For when people get caught up with that which is right and they are willing to sacrifice for it, there is no stopping point short of victory. 
Now, 50 years later, this resolution that I, Senator J
ONES , Senator C ARDIN , and Senator C
ORKER submitted seeks to recognize their sacrifice and con-tributions to the civil rights move-ment. It is important that our children grow up learning about how these 1,300 Memphis sanitation workers and many others struggled for racial justice in the midst of all that chaos. That is why, on Tuesday, I submitted the Sen-ate resolution to which I referred. I did it, along with U.S. Senator B
OB C
ORKER , my colleague from Tennessee; Senator D
OUG JONES from Alabama; and Senator B
ENCARDIN from Mary-land, to recognize the 50th anniversary of the 1968 Memphis sanitation workers strike. Representative S
TEVE COHEN has sub-mitted the same resolution in the U.S. House of Representatives. He recruited 76 cosponsors. I would like to thank Representative C
OHEN for taking the lead in the House. I would like to thank my Tennessee colleagues, Representatives B
LACK , B
LACKBURN , COOPER , DESJARLAIS , DUN-
CAN, FLEISCHMANN , KUSTOFF , and R OE for their support as well. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.060 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1156 February 15, 2018 
The majority leader has asked me to make some concluding remarks. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive section for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 588, 589, 642, 677, 678, 679, 680, and 681. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Joseph D. Brown, of Texas, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Texas for the term of four years; Mat-thew D. Krueger, of Wisconsin, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Wisconsin for the term of four years; John H. Durham, of Con-necticut, to be United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut for the term of four years; John C. Anderson, of New Mexico, to be United States At-torney for the District of New Mexico for the term of four years; Brandon J. Fremin, of Louisiana, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Louisiana for the term of four years; Joseph P. Kelly, of Nebraska, to be United States Attorney for the District of Nebraska for the term of four years; Scott W. Murray, of New Hampshire, to be United States Attorney for the Dis-trict of New Hampshire for the term of four years; and David C. Weiss, of Dela-ware, to be United States Attorney for the District of Delaware for the term of four years. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Brown, Krueger, Durham, Anderson, Fremin, Kelly, Murray, and Weiss nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
FORCED SEPARATION AT THE BORDER Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the ac-tions by the Trump administration re-garding undocumented immigrants in this country have been ineffective and nothing short of heartless. Their prior-ities have abandoned long-held prac-tices such as the need to focus limited enforcement resources on those who actually present a public safety risk. These changes are being felt by fami-lies across the country. Last fall, Rosa Maria Hernandez, a 10-year-old girl with cerebral palsy who was taken to the hospital for urgent surgery was forcibly taken into custody by ICE when she was discharged, instead of being released into the care of her par-ents as recommended by her doctors. A few months ago, Jose Fuentes who was fleeing El Salvador with his 1-year-old son, Mateo, was detained at the border and transferred to a facility in San Diego while Mateo was held in Texas. These actions are appalling and run counter to the time honored values in this country. No child should be sepa-rated from their parents in this way. The effect of such a traumatic experi-ence and disrupted attachments on children, adolescents and families is longlasting. The cost of these failed policies will not be fully realized for years to come. Under current policy, families are supposed to be kept intact while await-ing a decision on whether they will be deported and held in special family de-tention centers or released with a court date. The Trump administra-tion’s proposed policy change sends parents to adult detention facilities, while their children would be placed in shelters designed for juveniles or with a relative in the United States. Wendy Smith recently wrote an arti-cle in the Chronicle of Social Change on the Trump administration’s pro-posed policy of separating immigrant children from parents entering the United States illegally, as a means of deterring immigrant families from coming to the United States. I ask unanimous consent that this January 29, 2018, article entitled ‘‘Separating Families at the Border Will Multiply Child Trauma’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Chronicle of Social Change, Jan. 29, 2018] S
EPARATING FAMILIES AT THE BORDER WILL M
ULTIPLY CHILD TRAUMA  (By Wendy Smith) Parents do not uproot their children to make a long and dangerous journey to an un-certain future in the U.S. unless the cir-cumstances in their home country are so threatening that the risks of migration pale in comparison to more certain risks at home. They leave their homes, other family mem-bers, schools, churches and familiar commu-nities because they feel they must. In December 2017, the Trump Administra-tion proposed a new policy of separating im-migrant children from parents entering the U.S. illegally, as a means of discouraging or deterring immigrant families from Central America and other countries from coming to the U.S. Although the administration has already engaged in this practice in some cases, this policy would alter the current standard, which has attempted to keep families intact while asylum issues are considered and ad-dressed. As a former psychotherapist, I saw first- hand the long-lasting effects of traumatic experience and disrupted attachments on children, adolescents and families. Having taught courses in child development, I know that development of the brain and the child are inextricably linked to environmental op-portunities and dangers, and to the con-tinuing presence of important relationships to mediate the environment. Recovery from trauma and attachment loss is possible, but requires enormous time, effort and care. This knowledge tells me that a policy of separating families should sound an alarm for us all. Advocates, immigration experts, aca-demics and lawyers have voiced concerns re-garding the issues of constitutionality, de-terrence, negative effects and unanticipated consequences, alongside the undermining of the core American value of family unity. The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child—ratified by every coun-try on the planet except Somalia, Sudan and the United States—specifies that children, including immigrant and refugee children, should be treated with dignity and respect and should not be exposed to conditions that may harm or traumatize them. Family unity and reunification is one of the primary stated goals of the U.S. immi-gration system, found in many sections of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) of 1952. It is also a central theme of Amer-ican identity. In Moore v. City of East Cleve-land, the Supreme Court held that ‘‘the Con-stitution protects the sanctity of the family precisely because the institution of the fam-ily is deeply rooted in this nation’s history and tradition.’’ The constitution does not allow the gov-ernment to detain one asylum-seeking fam-ily for the sole purpose of deterring that ac-tion on the part of other families. And fi-nally, through both United Nations conven-tions and protocols and U.S. law, migrants have rights not to be returned where their life or freedom would be threatened on the basis of race, religion, nationality, social group or opinion. If these factors exist, mi-grants can seek asylum if they can show ‘‘well-founded’’ fear of persecution. The impact of such policies on children is severe. Stress is defined as the result of events or circumstances in which physical or psychological demands exceed our ability to cope. A critical buffer to the detrimental ef-fects of stress is a protective relationship, such as with a parent who can provide com-fort and a sense of safety. Prolonged exposure to stress in the ab-sence of a protective relationship causes the human stress response system to remain ac-tivated, preventing rest and recovery of the coping system, and the child’s ability to manage or regain the sense of safety nec-essary to move forward in life is severely compromised. Trauma, the most extreme form of toxic stress, is the occurrence of events or situa-tions in which one’s physical or psycho-logical integrity is threatened (such as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.061 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1157 February 15, 2018 
natural disaster, an assault, or the violent or sudden loss of a loved one). Leaving home, making a difficult journey, and arriving in a new country are cir-cumstances that profoundly affect children. Separation from parents on the heels of these overwhelming experiences can be terri-fying, and may have long-lasting effects. Trauma exposure and disrupted attach-ment can have similar negative outcomes; when the two are combined, the negative ef-fects on children’s development and func-tioning may be compounded. Adversity early in life is associated with deficits in such important functions as cog-nitive performance, executive functions, and the processing of social and emotional stim-uli, among others. The nature and severity of deficits is related to the nature of the trauma, the presence or absence of protec-tive relationships, and the age and vulner-ability of the child. A 2010 study that examined effects of im-migration raids on children ages 0–17—during the first six months after the enforcement activities, and again after nine months— noted problems with basic functions such as eating and sleeping, constant crying, and widespread changes to behavior, school per-formance, and developmental reversal, or loss of developmental milestones that had been achieved prior to the separation from parents. In other words, the sudden and un-expected loss of parents not only impeded forward development, but sent children backwards on the developmental trajectory. Traumatized and suffering children, dis-rupted or delayed development, long-term educational and behavioral problems—these are neither reasonable nor morally accept-able trade-offs for the unproven possibility that future families will be persuaded not to enter our country illegally. The policy of separating families at the border must be abandoned in favor of alter-natives that are humane, constitutional and supportive of family unity. f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA TENNIEN MURPHY Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the Uni-versity of Vermont’s College of Nursing has so much of which to be proud. My wife, Marcelle, who serves on the col-lege’s advisory board, recently showed me a touching article about Barbara Tennien Murphy. It speaks so much to the value of nurses and the education they received in Vermont, just as Marcelle did. I ask unanimous consent that this article, which was published on the university’s website last year, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows: 
UVM N URSING THROUGH THE DECADES : 1940 S Taking the Lead: Barbara Tennien Murphy ’47 In June 1947, the first students to achieve a bachelor’s degree in nursing from the Uni-versity of Vermont crossed the lawn in front of the Waterman Building to accept their di-plomas. Of the 267 students graduating UVM that day, only two were in the new five-year nursing program: Ruby Sanderson of Winsted, Connecticut and Barbara Tennien, of Pittsford, Vermont. At 92 years old, in the year of her 70th college reunion, Barbara Tennien Murphy ’47 reflected on her time at UVM with fondness and gratitude for being part of something important. Few women attended college in the 1940s and most nurses lacked academic degrees. ‘‘You didn’t even need a high school diploma to become a nurse. A bachelor’s degree for nursing was very new,’’ Murphy said. ‘‘Get-ting a degree wasn’t a big deal to me, but there weren’t a lot of choices (for women). I liked math and was pretty good at it.’’ Murphy comes from a family full of UVM graduates and working professionals: Her fa-ther, Jerome Tennien ’15, majored in agri-culture and served on the UVM student council. He managed a U.S. government farm in Panama before settling on his family farm in Pittsford, Vermont, where he taught agri-culture at the local high school. Uncles Jim Tennian ‘10 and Bill Tennian ‘17 studied en-gineering. Murphy’s brother, Jim ‘43, a me-chanical engineer at Wright Field in Ohio, died in a test flight crash shortly after grad-uating. Her mother, Mary, was a nurse, and sister, Mary, attended the College of St. Rose and taught high school in Windsor, Vermont. Murphy entered UVM in 1942, before UVM offered a nursing degree. ‘‘I started in home economics. I was not in love with it. The next year the nursing program began. I im-mediately knew that was what I wanted,’’ she recalled. ‘‘I wanted to use my brain to make my hands work, and they very nicely opened the doors to a degree in nursing. I felt very comfortable with it, I felt com-plete.’’ COMPASSION AND FOCUS  Murphy admired her mother, who went on medical calls in Pittsford with the town doc-tor and occasionally cared for patients in the Tennien home. One patient, a little girl about six years old, affected her deeply. ‘‘Her leg had been cut off by a mowing ma-chine on a farm. They hacked it off and gave her a metal prosthesis to wear on her leg. I was 17, and I felt that I wanted to take care of her,’’ Murphy remembered. ‘‘It was a com-passion, for her and for others who needed people to care for them. My mother cared for people. She went to the neighbors and took care of things for them. Nobody talked about it, it’s just what we did. It was what I want-ed.’’ While at UVM, Murphy participated in the All Sports Club and lettered in Rifle, an ac-tivity taught by an army sergeant at a firing range on campus. ‘‘I liked shooting,’’ she ex-plained. ‘‘I also played badminton and bowled. The university had bowling allies with duckpins.’’ World War II was underway, and most young American men were off to war, so UVM students were predominantly female. The men’s dormitories became sorority hous-ing. Murphy lived in Slade Hall. The work-load was intense, she said, so she had little time for sororities. ‘‘That first year, you didn’t get credit for nursing classes, and so you had to take a lot of classes. One year I carried 22 credit hours, which was completely insane. But if you wanted to do it, that’s what you had to do. We were the first class, they were experi-menting on us,’’ she quipped. ‘‘I liked the work at school, and I liked the work at the hospital.’’ Murphy did her nursing clinicals at Mary Fletcher Hospital, a predecessor to the Uni-versity of Vermont Medical Center. With the war in progress, most of the male staff and hospital supplies had gone to the front lines. ‘‘It was war time, and all the porters and help were in the army, so we did everything. We did the cooking of the baby’s formulas, scraping the meat of gristle for baby food and washing the linens. We made sure the babies, children and old people taken care of. We washed diapers and bed pans.’’ She believes that the hard work and long days helped her become a better nurse. ‘‘I finished my 8 hours and then at 7:00 when we went off-duty, we mopped the floors after because we didn’t have anyone else to do it. The head nurse was mopping beside you. Everyone worked together to accom-plish what needs to be done,’’ she recalled. ‘‘Some of the time it was boring, but we learned what you do when you don’t have what you need, and how to do it if a lot of stuff is not available. It makes for an excel-lent adult life. I know my responsibility to my patients.’’ SHOWING GRATITUDE  Murphy passed the Vermont Board of Nurse Registration exam to become an R.N. in 1947. She received a gold seal and second highest honors with 94 points, just one point less than Ruby Sanderson. ‘‘I didn’t mind. Ruby was a nice person and a hard worker,’’ Murphy said. After graduating, Murphy taught nursing at Barre City Hospital, a forerunner to Cen-tral Vermont Medical Center, and then worked at the Boston Children’s Hospital. In this period, she experienced an event that shaped her outlook on life and informed her future relationships. The polio epidemic was in full swing in the late 1940s, and the young nurse Tennien was assigned to manage the hospital’s polio ward. Her unit included the infectious dis-ease laboratory where microbiologist John Franklin Enders cultivated poliovirus for vaccine development (for which he received the 1954 Nobel Prize for Medicine). He grew the virus in human cells—fecal matter—and it was Nurse Tennien’s job to collect stool specimens, prepare them properly and send them to the lab. ‘‘One day, someone bumped into me in the hall—I thought it was one of the underlings,’’ she recalled. ‘‘He said, ‘I know who you are Miss T. I couldn’t do my job if you didn’t do yours so well.’ It was John Enders!’’ His praise resonated with the young nurse, and she never forgot that feeling. ‘‘He admitted that other people under him doing the scut work are equally important because they keep him going. It wasn’t an inspiring thing to do, collecting smelly stools, but he couldn’t have grown the polio virus without me. I’ve always tried to make sure the people under me knew they were ap-preciated.’’ She married William Murphy, an aircraft engineer she met on a blind date arranged by her assistant head nurse. Eventually they settled in Connecticut where Bill worked at Pratt & Whitney, and together they raised five children, a girl followed by four boys. She attended graduate school at Boston University, studying for a Masters degree in nursing. She completed all of the coursework, but never wrote her thesis. ‘‘I had all the knowledge and I always worked, but I never tried to establish a big career be-cause I had six others I was taking care of.’’ Murphy worked in a nursing home at night so she could care for her children during the day. ‘‘People would say to me, ‘How do you take care of an eight-room house and five kids and volunteer in the school library and work nights in a nursing home?’ Well, you put one foot in front of the other and keep slogging along—it’s all good,’’ she said. 
A FULL HEART  Working with elders in a nursing home am-plified Murphy’s great appreciation for the power of love in healing. She recalled, ‘‘We had two old ladies in adjoining beds. One was dying, and the woman in the bed next to her said, ‘Move that bureau so that I can be next to her.’ Margaret held her hand all night and pulled her through it. She didn’t die. We gave her the oxygen, and she gave her the love.’’ Murphy also taught math at Saint Francis School of Nursing in Hartford, Connecticut, teaching students how to calculate percent-ages for solutions and medications. ‘‘In those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.043 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1158 February 15, 2018 
days, the nurses on the floor mixed up their own IV’s, it didn’t come out of the phar-macy,’’ she explained. ‘‘We didn’t have IV teams or drip machines. Now that seems like ancient history.’’ She retired from Manchester Memorial Hospital in Manchester, Connecticut, in 1987 at age 62, when her husband became ill and required constant care. She and Bill moved to Putney, Vermont, and when he passed she moved in with her children. She only re-cently stopped volunteering for her church, visiting the sick and washing alter linens. Murphy stays fit and spry with daily walks on a treadmill, healthy diet, reading books and playing board games with her eight grandchildren. She enjoys keeping up with health science news and reading scholarly articles online. She’s honored to represent the first generation of college-educated nurses, and delighted to watch the profes-sion’s evolution and progress. ‘‘I follow nursing and the sciences. There are so many things in my life now that peo-ple speak of so routinely, that didn’t exist before. I’ve done it all, from prenatal to old people’s homes, and I’ve had a ball,’’ she re-flected. ‘‘Nursing is what I am. I’m proud to see the young women who work in labs or go into other countries and use their edu-cation.’’ f 
TRIBUTE TO CECILE RICHARDS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to recognize the inspiring and dedicated work of Cecile Richards, who has recently announced she is stepping down as president of Planned Parenthood after 12 years. Throughout her tenure as president of Planned Parenthood, Cecile has been a passionate advocate for healthcare for women and men across the country. Despite the constant attacks leveled at Planned Parenthood in recent years, the organization managed to grow stronger with Cecile at the helm. Today Planned Parenthood has more volunteers, supporters, and donors than it ever has had before. None of that would have been possible without Cecile’s exemplary leadership. Millions of Americans depend on Planned Parenthood for their healthcare, and for many, Planned Par-enthood is their only source of care. As president, Cecile maintained Planned Parenthood’s mission, and she never stopped fighting for the millions of American women and men—including tens of thousands of Vermonters—that have trusted and depended on Planned Parenthood for their basic healthcare needs, including annual health exams, cervical and breast cancer tests, and HIV screenings. Because of her dedica-tion to helping low-income women, she worked to ensure free birth control coverage was included in the Afford-able Care Act. Cecile is leaving as president when the teen pregnancy rate is at a historical low and unintended pregnancies overall are at a 30-year low. None of that would have been pos-sible without Cecile’s relentless deter-mination to her mission of helping those that do not have the resources to help themselves. The true measurement of Cecile’s work at Planned Parenthood goes be-yond the statistics, however, for she understood that the organization’s strength comes from the voices of those who believe access to healthcare for all women is a right. Those who up until recently believed that there was nothing they could do or say that would make a difference. Those who simply went on with their lives as if they had no other options. It is those same people who have taken to the streets—in Washington, in Vermont, and across the world—to let their voices be heard. Cecile’s unwavering passion and commitment to advocating for these voices is one of her greatest strengths as a leader. While Planned Parenthood is strong-er than ever, Cecile leaves a legacy that will be hard to follow. Her ability to lead with grace and courage has given hope to those who need it most. She has truly been inspiration to us all. Marcelle and I wish Cecile Richards all the best as she moves into the next chapter. f 
TRIBUTE TO KEN SQUIER Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it is my honor and privilege to recognize the achievements of a great Vermont broadcaster and friend, Ken Squier. Ken recently became the first jour-nalist ever to be enshrined in the NASCAR Hall of Fame. While his roots are at WDEV Radio in Waterbury, VT, Ken is known nationally as the coun-try’s most recognizable voice of auto racing. Without question, Ken’s voice and calls of the most memorable auto races were key to the rise in promi-nence of the sport. Still, with all of the national rec-ognition, Ken has always made Vermont his home. His radio station, WDEV, is strongly committed to com-munity service and serves the people of his hometown and the greater Vermont community with distinction. Ken Squier is, without question, a Vermont treasure. In honor of Ken’s induction into the NASCAR Hall of Fame and his contin-ued outstanding service to Vermont, I ask unanimous consent that the article by Jasper Goodman, from the January 24, 2018 edition of the Barre Montpelier Times Argus, ‘‘Profile: Squier a living legend,’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Times Argus, Jan. 24, 2018] P
ROFILE : SQUIER A LIVING LEGEND  (By Jasper Goodman) ‘‘Guys like Neil Bonnett and Tiny Lund and so many of those guys who were so good—they all died doing what they wanted to do, which is not the same as any other sport. If you are dedicated to racing, it can cost you your life. I just felt they needed to be represented far more than announcers or promoters or sponsors’’—Ken Squier. Seldom is Ken Squier wrong in his prog-nostications about the motorsports industry. But when he told me five years ago that he would never be officially inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame, I had my doubts. Squier had just returned home from a trip to Charlotte, North Carolina, where he and Barney Hall were presented with the first an-nual Squier-Hall Award for NASCAR Media Excellence, an honor for which they were co- namesakes. He felt at the time that he had reached the pinnacle of his career. NASCAR had just unveiled an exhibit in its Hall of Fame museum that featured audio from his famous broadcast of the 1979 Day-tona 500. Each year since then, a media member has been honored with an award named after him. Last weekend, Ken Squier returned to the Hall of Fame in Charlotte—this time to ac-cept an even more prestigious honor: being the first journalist ever inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame itself. ‘‘Because the panel is made up of a major-ity of drivers and media guys, there were two or three who said, ’You just have to be there.’ So there I went,’’ Squier said. Around Vermont, as the former owner of WDEV Radio and Thunder Road, Squier has been a prominent public figure. But at NASCAR events, fans worship the ground he walks on. Why? It’s simple: NASCAR wouldn’t be the sport it is today without him. As auto racing rose in prominence during the 1960s and early ’70s, the sport began ap-pearing on television. But it was never given the treatment that baseball, basketball, football or hockey got: live, start-to-finish coverage. In 1979, Squier changed that. At the direction of NASCAR co-founder Bill France Sr., Squier convinced skeptical CBS–TV executives to air flag-to-flag cov-erage of the Daytona 500. It was a smashing success—literally. The race ended in thrilling fashion, with Cale Yarborough and Donnie Allison spinning out and getting in a fistfight on the infield. Ken and color commentator David Hobbs vividly captured the excitement and delivered a live broadcast to 15.1 million viewers, many of whom were snowed into their homes after a blizzard buried the Northeast. That date—Feb. 18, 1979—was when racing went from being a Southern fringe-sport to a nationwide phenomenon. Squier served as the lap-by-lap commen-tator for the next 20 Daytona 500s. He fa-mously nicknamed the event ‘‘The Great American Race.’’ ‘‘The beaches of Daytona, in Ormond— that’s the history of American motorsports,’’ Squier said. ‘‘They were racing there over 100 years ago. . . . This wasn’t just another race—this was Daytona.’’ Squier expresses hesitation about being in the same Hall of Fame as the racing legends who he covered. ‘‘There was still that catch in my throat,’’ he said. ‘‘Guys like Neil Bonnett and Tiny Lund and so many of those guys who were so good—they all died doing what they wanted to do, which is not the same as any other sport. If you are dedicated to racing, it can cost you your life. I just felt they needed to be represented far more than announcers or promoters or sponsors.’’ Squier’s hesitation is unsurprising. Unlike many modern-day broadcasters who enjoy di-recting the spotlight at themselves, Squier has never been one to place himself at the center of attention. Vermont Governor and three-time Thunder Road track champion Phil Scott noted last Friday that in the first draft of Squier’s acceptance speech, there was ‘‘not one single mention of himself.’’ ‘‘He’s been telling us the great American story his whole life,’’ Scott said in his intro-duction of Squier at the Hall of Fame induc-tion ceremony. ‘‘But we never hear his story.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.045 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1159 February 15, 2018 
The line about Squier not wanting to talk about himself was repeated over and over again last weekend. And in a 90–minute interview for this story, it proved to be largely true. Squier managed to eloquently brush off questions about his career accom-plishments. Instead, he chronicled the his-tory of motorsports—as he so often does in conversation. But make no mistake: The fact that Squier rarely speaks of himself isn’t a character flaw. It’s what makes him the best at what he does. He is a storyteller—not of his own life, but of others’. And without his innate ability to deliver those stories, NASCAR would have never enjoyed the national prominence that it does today. Squier grew up in Waterbury and worked throughout his adolescence at WDEV, which his father, Lloyd, founded in 1931. ‘‘I was lucky,’’ Squier said. ‘‘(WDEV) was always full of kids—young, young guys. And Rusty (Parker) ran it fluidly. It gave me an opportunity that a lot of people wouldn’t have had to go out and do something that I really desired, which was the racing. It was big and it was growing and every year it got bigger and bigger. But I could always come home.’’ Even as he rose to national prominence, Squier always called Vermont home. ‘‘I loved Verniont and everything it stood for,’’ he said. Squier once described NASCAR drivers as ‘‘ordinary people doing extraordinary things.’’ The same can be said of Squier, an ordi-nary, down-to-earth Vermonter who changed a sport in extraordinary ways. Squier has given much of his life to NASCAR. Last weekend, the sport gave back to him. f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 251 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, BBEDCA, establishes statutory limits on discre-tionary spending and allows for various adjustments to those limits, while sec-tions 302 and 314(a) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 allow the chairman of the Budget Committee to establish and make revisions to alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels consistent with those adjustments. The Senate re-cently considered and passed H.R. 1892 with S. Amdt. 1930, the text of the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2018, which pro-vided emergency funding for disaster relief. This legislation includes language that increases security discretionary budget authority by $1,170 million and nonsecurity discretionary budget au-thority by $83,266 million this year. This measure contains provisions that designate these appropriations as emergency funding pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of BBEDCA. CBO esti-mates that this budget authority will increase discretionary outlays by $11,185 million in 2018. As a result of the aforementioned designations, I am revising the alloca-tion to the Committee on Appropria-tions by increasing the revised security and nonsecurity budget authority lim-its and the amount of allowable out-lays by the amounts listed above. Fur-ther, I am increasing the budgetary ag-gregates for 2018 by those same amounts. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES 
(Pursuant to Sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $s in millions 2018 
Current Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................... 3,085,147 Outlays .............................................................................. 3,101,424 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............................................................... 84,436 Outlays .............................................................................. 11,185 Revised Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................... 3,169,583 Outlays .............................................................................. 3,112,609 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
(Pursuant to Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $s in millions 2018 
Current Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 553,743 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 552,266 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,188,350 Adjustments: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 1,170 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 83,266 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 11,185 Revised Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 554,913 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 635,532 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,199,535 
OCO Program Integrity Disaster Relief Emergency Total 
Memorandum: Detail of Adjustments Made Above: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 1,170  1,170 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 0 0 0 83,266 83,266 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 0 0 0 0 11,185 
ANNIVERSARY OF PROTESTS IN BAHRAIN Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, in a truly dubious distinction, this week marks the 7th year since tens of thou-sands of Bahraini citizens took to the streets of Manama in protest. These brave men and women put themselves at great risk to demand greater access to their political system and more accountability from their government. Rather than engage these protestors in meaningful dialogue, the regime re-sponded with violence, tear gas, and rubber bullets. After much international attention, Bahrain’s King agreed to set up the Bahrain Independent Commission of In-quiry, or BICI, and to fully implement its recommended reforms. I say to the Senate today, on the sev-enth anniversary of the demonstra-tions, that the regime has not upheld this fundamental commitment. In fact, the situation has only grown worse over the past 12 months as the regime has actually taken a number of huge steps back. In January of 2017, the regime re-stored arrest and detainment powers to Bahrain’s National Security Agency, despite that agency’s past involvement in torture and coercion of political prisoners. Later in the year, the King approved a constitutional amendment allowing military courts to try Bahraini citi-zens, a move Amnesty International called ‘‘disastrous’’ and warned would be used to crack down on political op-position. These policies are fundamentally at odds with the BICI recommendations and make clear what folks in inter-national human rights community have long said, that the regime has no intention of upholding its commit-ment. The State Department last certified in 2013 that the regime had fully imple-mented a mere handful of the BICI rec-ommendations. The last State Depart-ment update, in 2016, failed to identify any further progress taken. Last year a panel of UN human rights experts noted a ‘‘sharp deterioration of the human rights situation in the country . . . aimed at muzzling any discordant voice and suppressing dis-sent.’’ The State Department’s most recent Human Rights Report details the Bah-raini regime’s willingness to revoke citizenship as a punishment, often without providing a concrete justifica-tion and without an opportunity for basic due process. A Washington Post story from last year indicated the regime revoked citi-zenship from more than 100 Bahrainis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.053 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1160 February 15, 2018 
in the first half of 2017, and reports in-dicate the regime issued deportation orders to eight Bahrainis just last month after stripping them of citizen-ship. A number of organizations, including Human Rights Watch and Americans for Democracy & Human Rights in Bahrain, have echoed these observa-tions. Regrettably, the Trump administra-tion has done almost nothing to push Bahrain’s leaders to fulfill their com-mitments and do better by their own citizens. Why would they when the Embassy of Bahrain is throwing lavish parties at the Trump Hotel right here in DC? As I try to make clear every year, these observations, which have become a sad tradition of mine, are not an at-tempt to undermine Bahrain’s govern-ment. Bahrain has been a longtime U.S. ally and a partner in a region where partnership can be difficult to come by, but precisely because of our close ties, I feel compelled to speak out when I see such blatant repression of basic human rights. Oregonians—indeed, Americans—ex-pect their elected officials to hold our international partners to a higher standard. And that is what I am doing here today. I renew my call on the Bahrain’s monarchy to halt its deliberate cam-paign of silencing peaceful opposition, to stop the indefensible revocation of citizenships, and to release political prisoners like Nabeel Rajab and Abdulhadi al-Khawaja. I fear that only then will Bahrain be able to move forward together in peace and prosperity, and I look forward to that day. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JANET YELLEN Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to say a few words about Janet Yellen, an outstanding public servant, who recently completed her term as Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and stepped down from the Board. At different times, over 42 years, she served the Fed as staff economist, member of the Board, president of the San Francisco Fed, Vice Chair, and then Chair. Under her leadership, the Fed began the proc-ess of normalizing monetary policy by winding down its balance sheet and raising interest rates after years at the zero lower bound. Twice yearly, Ms. Yellen reported to the Banking Committee on monetary policy, conscientiously answering ques-tions from members and was helpful in enlisting Federal Reserve staff to re-spond to inquiries from committee members and staff. I have appreciated her willingness to engage construc-tively with me and members of the committee as we have worked on legis-lation to tailor regulations and pro-mote a healthy economy. Over the years, I found Ms. Yellen to be serious, engaging, and generous with her time, a sentiment that is widely shared in this body. I thank her for her service. f 
2018 WHITE HOUSE HISTORICAL AS-SOCIATION CHRISTMAS ORNA-MENT HONORING PRESIDENT HARRY S. TRUMAN Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, I wish to ask the Senate to join me today in recognizing, celebrating, and highlighting the upcoming presen-tation of the 2018 White House Histor-ical Association Ornament that honors Missouri native and 33rd U.S. Presi-dent, Harry S. Truman. The 2018 White House Historical As-sociation Christmas Ornament will be presented this President’s Day in President Truman’s hometown, Inde-pendence, MO, at the Harry S. Truman Presidential Library and Museum. The ornament is designed to highlight the positive changes President Truman made to the White House while in of-fice. The front side of the ornament fea-tures the Truman balcony added in 1947–48 to the south portico that al-lowed his family outdoor access from their upstairs living area and is still a popular location for First Families and their guests. The back side features the renovated Blue Room, home to the offi-cial White House Christmas Tree. President Truman’s White House alter-ations and restorations were the most work done since President George Washington built the Executive man-sion and Presidents James Madison and James Monroe restored it after it was damaged by fire in the War of 1812. The Presidential Seal, located at the top of the ornament, was implemented by President Truman in 1945. Origi-nally, the American eagle looked left towards its talons that held a cluster of spears, representing weapons of war. President Truman redesigned the seal so the American eagle faced towards its right talons, which hold the olive branches of peace. I am so proud to hold the seat that Senator Truman held for 10 years. President Truman lived in Missouri his entire life, with exception to his years in government service. His strong work ethic and taste for politics developed early, working as a clerk for his father who was an election judge and participating in farming, bank clerking, and timekeeping. His strong sense of patriotism led him to join the Missouri Army National Guard in 1905 and later return to Active Duty when World War I began in 1917, where he served as a first lieutenant in the U.S. Army field artillery. After the war, he married Bess and was elected county judge of the eastern district of Jackson County. In 1934, he was elected to the U.S. Senate and reelected by large margins in 1940. In 1944, then-Senator Truman was chosen to be the Vice Presidential can-didate to President Franklin Roosevelt after a successful career in Congress re-vealing fraud in government wartime spending. Few Presidents after Presi-dent Truman have faced the hardships he had awaiting him following the death of President Roosevelt and his succession to the Presidency in the spring of 1945. President Truman ended the largest and most devastating war in world his-tory and began to rebuild the defeated Axis Powers shortly after. Rebuilding war-torn countries of former enemies had never been completed; however, President Truman did so successfully through the Truman Doctrine and Mar-shall Plan. He was a strong negotiator in international affairs and oversaw the founding of the United Nations. President Truman left behind a high-ly respected legacy, and because of leaders like him, who fought hard and made difficult decisions, our country and world is a better place. I ask that the Senate join me in cele-brating the 2018 White House Historical Association Christmas Ornament hon-oring President Harry S. Truman. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NANCY R. MAZZA Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Nancy R. Mazza and congratulate her on her dedicated serv-ice to the people of North Carolina. Nancy previously worked for es-teemed Congressman Howard Coble, a dear friend who served North Carolina for three decades and passed away in 2015. After Congressman Coble’s retire-ment in 2014, I was fortunate enough to hire Nancy in my High Point office. Nancy’s addition to my team was in-strumental in getting our constituent service operation off the ground and running. Nancy has been an absolutely indispensable mentor and leader on our team. She has trained many of our staff members, generously sharing her wealth of casework experience and ex-pertise. Over the course of her distinguished career, Nancy has helped expedite thousands of passports, assisted count-less veterans who were struggling to get answers and service from the VA, and inquired on behalf of many other North Carolinians when they needed assistance and had nowhere else to turn. Anyone who has ever interacted with Nancy can immediately tell that she has a heart of gold and a dedicated pas-sion for public service that is driven by kindness and compassion. While Nancy Mazza will be sorely missed by our office, I am eternally grateful for the work that she did on behalf on North Carolinians. I wish her the very best in retirement. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DR. REED L. MOSHER ∑Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I wish to commend Dr. Reed L. Mosher for over 38 years of service to the Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.038 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1161 February 15, 2018 
Dr. Mosher will soon retire as the di-rector of the Information Technology Laboratory, ITL, of the Corps Engineer Research and Development Center, ERDC, headquartered in Vicksburg, MS. His astonishing list of accomplish-ments range from leading research and development for the Corps, the Army, the Department of Defense, and mul-tiple Federal agencies, to leading the transformation of DOD’s research and acquisition communities through the strategic application of high-perform-ance computing, high-speed networks, computational expertise, system engi-neering, large-scale data analytics, and technology transfer. He instilled a cul-ture of innovation, adaptability, and shared knowledge. Dr. Mosher created a visionary atmosphere where team members are empowered to expand the breadth and depth of data analytics ca-pabilities and explore the future of in-formation management and informa-tion technology. During his more than 38-year service to the Nation, Dr. Reed L. Mosher ex-uded extraordinary leadership with un-paralleled vision, compassion, com-petence, and determination, culmi-nating with his tenure as the director of the ITL, the premier defense labora-tory for information technology. His initiative and selfless service in the successful execution of a broad range of decisive research, development, stud-ies, and operational programs in sup-port of military engineering and Army civil works have resulted in lasting contributions to the Corps of Engi-neers, the Department of the Army, the Department of Defense, and the Na-tion. I am pleased to commend Dr. Mosher for his many years of service and to wish him well in the years ahead. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING SHEILA ANN OLSEN ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, my col-league Senator J
IMRISCH joins me today in honoring the extraordinary life of Sheila Ann Olsen, of Idaho Falls, ID, a dear friend and leader. Sheila cared deeply for others as was clear from her community involve-ment. She devoted countless hours to assisting fellow Idahoans and bettering our communities. Some of the organi-zations and efforts she led and served in include the Idaho Commission on Human Rights, the Development Work-shop Foundation, the Mayor’s Com-mittee on Race Relations, the Mayor’s Cultural Awareness and Human Rela-tions Committee, the Idaho Falls ADA Accessibility Commission, the ‘‘Unity in the Community’’ Prayer-a-Thon, the Governor’s Workforce Development Council, Brigham Young University Alumni Board member, Idaho Depart-ment of Labor Employment Security Advisory Council, and the Electoral College. She was a dedicated member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints and a leader in the local and State Republican Party. Sheila is broadly admired for her giving spirit, and many credit Sheila with her help in advancing them on their career paths. While she was deeply principled and committed to her religious faith, she worked extensively with and greatly valued working with others of differing faiths and backgrounds. She sought common ground and held high regard for bridging faiths, races, and back-grounds. We echo the descriptions of Sheila esteemed by her family and many friends: joyful, positive, engaged, compassionate, kind, fair, good, patri-otic, and well-respected. Her attributes and hard work have received many rec-ognitions including ‘‘National MS Mother of the Year’’ by President George H.W. Bush, Brigham Young University’s ‘‘Service to Family Award,’’ ‘‘Exemplary Citizen’’ by the Rotary Club, and many more. Sheila Olsen will be remembered as someone who set an enduring example of service to others. She was a mother of 10 children and a wife to the late Dennis Olsen. She was a grandmother to 39 grandchildren and great-grand-mother to 23 great-grandchildren. She overcame the complications of mul-tiple sclerosis to give extensively. Her legacy of devotion to her family, her religion, and serving will carry on in the many lives positively influenced by this great leader. We express our deep condolences to her family and friends and thank Sheila for her friendship and lasting service.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING BLACKFEET COMMUNITY COLLEGE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Blackfeet Community College, BCC. By 2020, BCC hopes to produce 40 certified teachers for Montana, and these teach-ers will be able to integrate Blackfeet culture into their classrooms. BCC is operated exclusively for non-profit purposes, ensuring that postsec-ondary and higher educational services are provided to the community. BCC students, staff and board of trustees have adopted core values that recog-nize the way our interactions with oth-ers effect our value and thought sys-tems. The first core value is the Black-feet Way of Knowing, which means Blackfeet culture/spirituality in phi-losophy, thought, and action. BCC is raising up leaders of tomor-row who are rooted in the Blackfeet culture and heritage, a heritage that is known for traditional singing, drum-ming, and dancing, as well as stick games and rodeos. Thank you, BCC, for your continued dedication to creating the thoughtful and values-driven Montana teachers and leaders of tomorrow.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT BADAL ∑Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I wish to congratulate President Robert Badal of the University of Jamestown, formerly known as Jamestown College, in Jamestown, ND, on his outstanding tenure. Since 2002, Dr. Badal’s leader-ship has brought strengthened aca-demic programs, increased enrollment, greater financial strength, and signifi-cant expansion and renovation of the campus. These efforts and new offer-ings of graduate programs led to the change of status from college to uni-versity under Dr. Badal, who will be re-tiring on February 28, 2018. In addition to jumpstarting graduate programs, Dr. Badal has also more than doubled the endowment of the university and expanded academic of-ferings and extracurricular offering, and it currently celebrates a multi- year high enrollment of 1,136 students. Additionally, the university has reached to other parts of North Dakota by establishing a campus in Fargo with three graduate programs. To quote Dr. Badal, he has taken ‘‘a small, but his-toric institution to a higher level.’’ The University of Jamestown was truly fortunate to have a president whose unwavering passion and dedica-tion to student success led to extraor-dinary growth and advancement. While his departure marks a new era for the university, he has left it in a very strong position for the future and for his successor. I thank Dr. Badal for his time and leadership at the University of Jamestown and wish him a very en-joyable retirement.∑ f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BE-NEVOLENT AND PROTECTIVE ORDER OF THE ELKS ∑Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, Feb-ruary 16, 2018, marks the 150th anniver-sary of the Benevolent and Protective Order of the Elks. The Elks is an Amer-ican fraternal society dedicated to serving and caring for our citizens, communities, and country. The order continues to grow and thrive with a membership of nearly 1 million mem-bers and 2,000 lodges nationwide. The Elks is dedicated to the ideals of charity, justice, and patriotism and has invested millions of hours annually in building stronger communities, as-sisting homeless veterans, and sup-porting youth substance abuse preven-tion initiatives. Patriotism is central to the order’s principles and is demonstrated in some of the organization’s charitable en-deavors. In 1907, the Elks first adopted June 14 as Flag Day out of reverence for the American flag and the sacrifices made in honor of it. Almost 40 years later, Congress officially recognized June 14 as the national holiday hon-oring the American flag. Elks members donated over 1 million for the renova-tion of the Statue of Liberty, which helped to restore this important sym-bol of freedom. Elks members also con-tributed nearly 2 million for the build-ing of the National World War II Me-morial in honor of the more than 16,000,000 people who served in the Sec-ond World War. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.035 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1162 February 15, 2018 
The Order of the Elks has dem-onstrated a strong commitment to serving our county’s veterans. The Elks are deeply engaged in the Vet-erans Affairs medical facilities by pro-viding support and friendship to vet-erans at VA facilities. Furthermore, the Elks answered the call of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to better address veteran homelessness by found-ing the Welcome Home Program. Providing mentorship and instilling good character and moral values in our country’s youth is another important facet of the Elk’s mission. Our youth are the leaders of tomorrow, and the Elks are committed to helping them succeed by supporting scholarships that allow more children to pursue their dreams. Further, the order edu-cates parents and their children about the dangers of using illegal substances, tobacco products, alcohol, and abusing prescription drugs. These prevention and awareness programs help give young people the tools and information they need to make good decisions when faced with negative social pressures. I encourage my colleagues in the Senate to join me in recognizing and congratulating the Benevolent and Protective Order of the Elks on its 150th anniversary. The Order of the Elks has been and will continue to be a shining example of honor and service to neighbor, community, and nation. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL RUBIN ∑Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, today, I pay tribute to Rhode Island’s assistant attorney general Michael Rubin, who will retire this year after serving our State for more than three decades. I had the pleasure of working alongside Mike during my time as at-torney general and during my time on the attorney general office staff. I am proud to call him my friend. He is a skilled leader in the Rhode Island legal community. He will be missed. Mike piled up a strong record of ac-complishments during his time as the assistant attorney general of Rhode Is-land and chief of the Rhode Island At-torney General’s environmental unit. He was an advocate for every commu-nity in the State and worked every day to promote a safe, clean environment for our kids and preserve public access to our beautiful shores. Just this past year, Save the Bay Rhode Island awarded Mike with its Environmental Achievement Award for his important work as the head of the environmental unit. ‘‘Without the efforts of advocates such as Mike, who tirelessly work not only for the good of the environment, but for our ability as a citizenry to ac-cess and enjoy our coastline, the qual-ity, and in some cases, quantity, of publicly accessible coastal lands and waters would be significantly depre-ciated,’’ the organization announced. I got to see his determination first-hand when I was attorney general. In 2001, Mike had been trial counsel in the State proceedings when I argued a case to defend our State’s environmental preservation regulations before the Su-preme Court. More recently, Mike helped file lawsuits in 2016 against doz-ens of big oil companies over the haz-ardous messes they were making in Rhode Island wells and reservoirs and pursued $65 million for the cleanup. In addition to his good work in the attorney general’s office, Mike has contributed a great deal to our commu-nity. I know he will remain a com-mitted leader in our State. I wish him health and much happiness in his days to come. Here is to less time writing briefs and more time enjoying Rhode Island’s natural beauty, whether that be on your bike, in your kayak, or on your ice-skates. On behalf of all Rhode Islanders, thank you for your work, Mike. You have made our State proud. Godspeed. ∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 3:24 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Sen-ate: H.R. 3299. An act to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 3542. An act to impose sanctions against Hamas for violating universally ap-plicable international laws of armed conflict by intentionally using civilians and civilian property to shield military objectives from lawful attack, and for other purposes. H.R. 3978. An act to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mortgage disclo-sures, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 103. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust. MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3299. An act to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 3542. An act to impose sanctions against Hamas for violating universally ap-plicable international laws of armed conflict by intentionally using civilians and civilian property to shield military objectives from lawful attack, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 3978. An act to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mortgage disclo-sures, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4336. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Ad-ministration’s proposed fiscal year 2019 Budget and Performance Plan; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4337. A communication from the Acting Director, Bureau of Consumer Financial Pro-tection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Bureau’s strategic plan for fiscal years 2018– 2022; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4338. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Emergency Preparedness and Operations Reliability Standards’’ (Docket No. RM11–12–000; Order No. 840) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 13, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–4339. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modified Safe Har-bor for Deteriorating Concrete Foundations Caused by the Mineral Pyrrhotite’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–14) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 13, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4340. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Exemption Appli-cation Rules for Corporate Restructurings’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 13, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4341. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Qualified Oppor-tunity Zones Designation Procedures’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–16) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 13, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4342. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.052 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1163 February 15, 2018 
Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 13, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4343. A communication from the Direc-tor, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the fiscal year 2017 annual report of Military Assist-ance and Military Exports; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4344. A communication from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a pe-tition to add workers who were employed at the Ames Laboratory in Ames, Iowa, to the Special Exposure Cohort; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4345. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Management of Traumatic Brain In-jury in Children’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4346. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–241, ‘‘Controlled Substance Testing Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4347. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–242, ‘‘Medical Necessity Re-view Criteria Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4348. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–243, ‘‘Personal Delivery De-vice Pilot Program Extension Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4349. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–244, ‘‘Homeless Shelter Re-placement Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4350. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–245, ‘‘Master Development Plan Recognition Temporary Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4351. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–246, ‘‘Defending Access to Women’s Health Care Services Amendnent Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4352. A communication from the Archi-vist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s stra-tegic plan for fiscal years 2018 - 2022; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4353. A communication from the Archi-vist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s stra-tegic plan for fiscal years 2018 - 2022; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4354. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Chief Financial Officer, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 14, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4355. A communication from the Chair-man of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Buy American Act Report for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4356. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Place-ment of MT–45 Into Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–451) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 13, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4357. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of 4-Fluoroisobutyryl Fentanyl Into Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA– 452) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–4358. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of ortho-Fluorofentanyl, Tetrahydrofuranyl, Fentanyl, and Methoxyacetyl Fentanyl Into Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–473) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 13, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4359. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of FUB–AMB Into Sched-ule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–472) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 13, 2018; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. EC–4360. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of Acryl Fentanyl Into Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–460) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 13, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4361. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of Six Synthetic Cannabinoids (5F–ADB, 5F–AMB, 5F– APINACA, ADB–FUBINACA, MDMB– CHMICA and MDMB–FUBINACA) Into Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–446) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 13, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: POM–172. A resolution adopted by the Mayor and City Commission of the City of Miami Beach, Florida, urging the United States Congress to reject the proposed elimi-nation of the 20 percent investment tax cred-it provided under the United States tax code for projects that rehabilitate, restore, or pre-serve historic structures; to the Committee on Finance. POM–173. A resolution adopted by the Lau-derdale Lakes City Commission, Lauderdale Lakes, Florida memorializing its opposition to all expressions of hatred and bigotry, es-pecially those made by public officials rel-ative to immigration; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: H.R. 294. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’. H.R. 452. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’. S. 931. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’. By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment: H.R. 1207. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’. By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: H.R. 1208. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Office Building’’. H.R. 1858. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’. H.R. 1988. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’. S. 2040. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2254. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2302. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 2464. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Ken-nedy Post Office’’. H.R. 2672. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’. H.R. 2815. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jer-sey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.011 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1164 February 15, 2018 
H.R. 2873. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3109. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3369. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 3638. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 3655. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 3821. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zach T. Addington Post Office’’. H.R. 3893. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4042. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Florida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4285. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jer-sey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-nance. Dennis Shea, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Geneva Office), with the rank of Ambassador. C. J. Mahoney, of Kansas, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Invest-ment, Services, Labor, Environment, Africa, China , and the Western Hemisphere), with the rank of Ambassador. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Michael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. Daniel Desmond Domenico, of Colorado, to be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of Colorado. Susan Paradise Baxter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the West-ern District of Pennsylvania. Marilyn Jean Horan, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the West-ern District of Pennsylvania. Adam I. Klein, of the District of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board for a term expiring January 29, 2024. McGregor W. Scott, of California, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern Dis-trict of California for the term of four years. Gary G. Schofield, of Nevada, to be United States Marshal for the District of Nevada for the term of four years. By Mr. BURR for the Select Committee on Intelligence. Michael K. Atkinson, of Maryland, to be Inspector General of the Intelligence Com-munity, Office of the Director of National In-telligence . *Jason Klitenic, of Maryland, to be Gen-eral Counsel of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. *Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. C OR-
NYN, and Ms. S TABENOW ): S. 2431. A bill to ensure that certain inci-dents involving a covered employee that are reported to the title IX coordinator at an eli-gible institution of higher education have been reviewed by the president of the insti-tution and not less than 1 additional member of the institution’s board of trustees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. D
ON-
NELLY , Mr. L ANKFORD , and Mr. J
ONES ): S. 2432. A bill to amend the charter of the Future Farmers of America, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 2433. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to deem certain service in the organized military forces of the Government of the Commonwealth of the Philippines and the Philippine Scouts to have been active service for purposes of benefits under pro-grams administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. ALEXANDER: S. 2434. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize user fee programs relating to new animal drugs and generic new animal drugs; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CASEY: S. 2435. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to limit the number of local wage areas allowable within a General Schedule pay locality; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ): S. 2436. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to limit the amount of cer-tain qualified conservation contributions; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. S MITH, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. K
ING, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. K
AINE, and Mr. U DALL ): S. 2437. A bill to reauthorize and improve the 21st Century Cures opioid grant program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. K ING, and Ms. S MITH): S. 2438. A bill to conduct or support further comprehensive research for the creation of a universal influenza vaccine; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. SHAHEEN: S. 2439. A bill to establish a pilot toll cred-it marketplace program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Ms. HARRIS ): S. 2440. A bill to combat the opioid epi-demic by reforming existing laws and pro-viding for the public’s safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. CASEY: S. 2441. A bill to amend the Steel Industry American Heritage Area Act of 1996 to repeal the funding limitation; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. STABENOW: S. 2442. A bill to establish a Federal tax credit approximation matching program for State new jobs training tax credits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. 2443. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to es-tablish a new career counseling program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 2444. A bill to provide for enhanced en-ergy grid security; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. H
EINRICH , and Ms. H IRONO ): S. 2445. A bill to provide for the moderniza-tion of the electric grid, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. MERKLEY: S. 2446. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for patient protection by establishing safe nurse staffing levels at certain Medicare providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Ms. S
MITH): S. 2447. A bill to accelerate smart building development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C
OLLINS , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): S. 2448. A bill to provide for the issuance of a rule to advance next-generation tech-nologies to provide alternatives to hydrofluorocarbons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Ms. H
IRONO ): S. 2449. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish the 21st Century Energy Workforce Advisory Board, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 2450. A bill to require the Bureau of the Census to conduct a survey to determine in-come and poverty levels in the United States in a manner that accounts for the receipt of Federal means-tested benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.014 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1165 February 15, 2018 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ): S. Res. 407. A resolution recognizing the critical work of human rights defenders in promoting human rights, the rule of law, de-mocracy, and good governance; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. C RUZ): S. Res. 408. A resolution commemorating the 59th anniversary of Tibet’s 1959 uprising as ‘‘Tibetan Rights Day’’, and expressing support for the human rights and religious freedom of the Tibetan people and the Ti-betan Buddhist faith community; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C OONS , Mr. T ILLIS , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. S COTT, Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. B
ENNET , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. Res. 409. A resolution honoring the dedi-cation and courage of the Buffalo Soldiers; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. Res. 410. A resolution commemorating the life of Luis Alejandro ‘‘Alex’’ Villamayor and calling for justice and accountability; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. B
URR, and Mr. N ELSON ): S. Res. 411. A resolution recognizing the 50th anniversary of the first 9-1-1 call in the United States; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. MORAN: S. Res. 412. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the 6888th Cen-tral Postal Directory Battalion and cele-brating Black History Month; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. S
COTT, Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. J ONES , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. C OR-
TEZMASTO , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. K AINE, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. P AUL, and Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ): S. Res. 413. A resolution celebrating Black History Month; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recogni-tion of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 309 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 309, a bill to establish a Community-Based Institutional Spe-cial Needs Plan demonstration pro-gram to target home and community- based care to eligible Medicare bene-ficiaries. S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to de-velop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among fire-fighters. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to authorize States to provide coordi-nated care to children with complex medical conditions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 946 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 946, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justice-involved veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1086 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1086, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to remove the pro-hibition on eligibility for TRICARE Reserve Select of members of the re-serve components of the Armed Forces who are eligible to enroll in a health benefits plan under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. 
S. 1091 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
AS-
SAN) were added as cosponsors of S. 1091, a bill to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren. 
S. 1403 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1403, a bill to amend the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 to establish the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in national service positions to conserve, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1730 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1730, a bill to imple-ment policies to end preventable ma-ternal, newborn, and child deaths glob-ally. 
S. 1871 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. BLUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1871, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1917 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1917, a bill to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2072 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2072, a bill to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to take action to eliminate human exposure to asbestos, and for other purposes. 
S. 2095 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2095, a bill to regulate assault weapons, to ensure that the right to keep and bear arms is not unlimited, and for other purposes. 
S. 2127 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2127, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mari-ners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 2136 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2136, a bill to expand the monthly payments that may be eli-gible for public service loan forgive-ness. 
S. 2155 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) and the Senator from Ala-bama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2155, a bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored reg-ulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
S. 2184 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2184, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve veterans’ health care benefits, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2270 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2270, a bill to make improvements to the account for the State response to the opioid abuse crisis to improve trib-al health. 
S. 2271 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.017 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1166 February 15, 2018 
KAINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2271, a bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
S. 2324 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2324, a bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to change certain requirements relating to the capital structure of business development com-panies, to direct the Securities and Ex-change Commission to revise certain rules relating to business development companies, and for other purposes. 
S. 2329 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2329, a bill to reauthorize and amend the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
S. 2372 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2372, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial re-ceptacles for remains buried in Na-tional Parks, and for other purposes. 
S. 2421 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2421, a bill to amend the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to provide an exemption from certain no-tice requirements and penalties for re-leases of hazardous substances from animal waste at farms. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1953 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 1953 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2579, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1954 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 1954 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2579, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1958 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 1958 proposed to H.R. 2579, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1959 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. CORKER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1959 proposed to H.R. 2579, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the pre-mium tax credit with respect to unsub-sidized COBRA continuation coverage. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2010 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 2010 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2579, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to un-subsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ): S. 2436. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to limit the amount of certain qualified conserva-tion contributions; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2436 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Charitable Conservation Easement Program Integrity Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. LIMITATION ON PARTNER’S DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED CONSERVATION CONTRIBUTIONS MADE BY PART-NERSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170(h) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(7) L
IMITATION ON PARTNERSHIP ALLOCA -
TION OF CONTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any quali-fied conservation contributions of any part-nership (whether directly or as a distributive share of such contributions of another part-nership), no amount of such contributions may be taken into account under this sec-tion by any partner of such partnership as a distributive share of such contributions if the aggregate amount so taken into account by such partner for the taxable year would (but for this paragraph) exceed 2.5 times such partner’s adjusted basis in such partnership (determined as of the close of such taxable year and without regard to such contribu-tions). The preceding sentence shall apply only with respect to the first 5 taxable years of such partner which end after the date on which such partner first became a partner in the partnership. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR FAMILY PARTNER -
SHIPS .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to any partnership if substan-tially all of the partnership interests in such partnership are held by individuals who are related within the meaning of section 152(d)(2). ‘‘(C) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary to carry out, and pre-vent the avoidance of, the purposes of this paragraph.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply to contributions made after December 23, 2016. No inference is intended as the ap-propriate treatment of contributions made on or before such date or as to any activity not described in section 170(h)(7) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this section. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 407—RECOG-NIZING THE CRITICAL WORK OF HUMAN RIGHTS DEFENDERS IN PROMOTING HUMAN RIGHTS, THE RULE OF LAW, DEMOCRACY, AND GOOD GOVERNANCE Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 407 Whereas the Declaration on the Right and Responsibility of Individuals, Groups and Or-gans of Society to Promote and Protect Uni-versally Recognized Human Rights and Fun-damental Freedoms (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘Declaration on Human Rights Defenders’’)— (1) was adopted by the United Nations Gen-eral Assembly on December 9, 1998; and (2) states that, ‘‘Everyone has the right . . . to promote and to strive for the protec-tion and realization of human rights and fun-damental freedoms at the national and inter-national levels’’; Whereas the Department of State defines ‘‘human rights defenders’’ as ‘‘individuals, working alone or in groups, who non-vio-lently advocate for the promotion and pro-tection of universally recognized human rights and fundamental freedoms’’; Whereas the Senate supports the right of human rights defenders all over the world to promote the fundamental freedoms en-shrined in— (1) the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted at Paris on December 10, 1948; and (2) human rights treaties; Whereas human rights defenders protect the rights of vulnerable individuals and groups; Whereas, according to Amnesty Inter-national, an estimated 3,500 human rights defenders have been murdered since the adoption of the Declaration on Human Rights Defenders; Whereas, in certain parts of the world, the work of human rights defenders is threat-ened through— (1) restrictions on— (A) the press; and (B) the freedoms of expression, assembly, and association; (2) smear campaigns; (3) arbitrary detentions; (4) laws restricting the funding and reg-istration of human rights organizations; (5) physical attacks; (6) enforced disappearances; (7) impunity with respect to crimes com-mitted against human rights defenders; and (8) abuses of— (A) antiterrorism legislation; and (B) states of emergency; and Whereas, in the Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2016 of the De-partment of State, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson noted the commitment of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.019 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1167 February 15, 2018 
United States to ‘‘the human rights guaran-teed to all individuals around the world’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends human rights defenders for their critical work in promoting human rights, the rule of law, democracy, and good governance; (2) recognizes the rights of human rights defenders to the freedoms of association, as-sembly, and expression, including the rights of those individuals to collect and publish data on government abuses; (3) condemns all threats to— (A) human rights defenders; and (B) the work of human rights defenders in promoting universally recognized human rights; (4) welcomes the imposition of sanctions by the President, on December 21, 2017, and under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note), with respect to human rights abusers and corrupt actors; (5) encourages all countries to recognize their duties under the Declaration on the Right and Responsibility of Individuals, Groups and Organs of Society to Promote and Protect Universally Recognized Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on December 9, 1998, to ‘‘protect, promote and implement all human rights and funda-mental freedoms’’; and (6) calls on the President and Secretary of State to maintain leadership by the United States in promoting human rights. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 408—COM-MEMORATING THE 59TH ANNI-VERSARY OF TIBET’S 1959 UPRIS-ING AS ‘‘TIBETAN RIGHTS DAY’’, AND EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE HUMAN RIGHTS AND RELI-GIOUS FREEDOM OF THE TI-BETAN PEOPLE AND THE TI-BETAN BUDDHIST FAITH COMMU-NITY Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. C RUZ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 408 Whereas March 10, 2018, marks the 59th an-niversary of the 1959 uprising in Tibet, dur-ing which the people of Lhasa, fearing for the life of the Dalai Lama, surrounded his residence, organized a guard, and called for the withdrawal of Chinese forces from Tibet and the restoration of Tibet’s freedom; Whereas Chinese statistics estimate 87,000 Tibetans were killed, arrested, or deported to labor camps during the suppression of the 1959 uprising, which also forced the Dalai Lama and tens of thousands of other Tibet-ans to flee into exile; Whereas March 10, 2018, also marks the 10th anniversary of a series of protests in Lhasa, which spread across Tibet, and which were suppressed by Chinese forces; Whereas, according to the Department of State, the Government of the People’s Re-public of China is engaged in the severe re-pression of Tibet’s unique religious, cultural, and linguistic heritage, and is engaged in gross violations of human rights in Tibet, in-cluding extrajudicial detentions, disappear-ances, and torture; Whereas, in the ten years since the 2008 protests, at least 152 Tibetans in Tibet are known to have self-immolated, with state-ments or records left by these self-immola-tors calling for freedom for Tibet and the re-turn of the Dalai Lama; Whereas, in 1991, Congress resolved its sense that Tibet is an occupied country under the established principles of inter-national law whose true representatives are the Dalai Lama and the Tibetan government in exile as recognized by the Tibetan people; Whereas, in 1961, with the support of the United States, the United Nations General Assembly recognized the Tibetan people’s ‘‘fundamental human rights and freedoms, including the right to self-determination’’; Whereas, on October 18, 2007, Congress awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to the Dalai Lama, finding that he is recognized around the world as a leading figure of moral and religious authority, and is the unrivaled spiritual and cultural leader of the Tibetan people; Whereas Buddhists in Tibet, the United States, India, Nepal, Bhutan, Mongolia, Rus-sia, and other countries where followers of Tibetan Buddhism reside look to the Dalai Lama for religious leadership and spiritual guidance; Whereas, in its 2017 annual report, the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom noted that ‘‘[t]he Chinese government claims the power to select the next Dalai Lama with the help of a law that grants the government authority over rein-carnations,’’ which purports to require all Tibetan Buddhist leaders to obtain the ap-proval of the Government of the People’s Re-public of China in order to reincarnate; Whereas the Government of the People’s Republic of China has interfered in the iden-tification and installation of reincarnated leaders of Tibetan Buddhism, as part of its efforts to maintain control over Tibet, in-cluding in 1995 arbitrarily detaining the re-cently identified 11th Panchen Lama, then a six-year-old boy, and purporting to install China’s own candidate as Panchen Lama; Whereas, in 2011, the 14th Dalai Lama de-clared that the responsibility for identifying a future 15th Dalai Lama will rest with offi-cials of the Dalai Lama’s private office and that ‘‘apart from the reincarnation recog-nized through such legitimate methods, no recognition or acceptance should be given to a candidate chosen for political ends by any-one, including those in the People’s Republic of China’’; Whereas, in 1981, the United Nations Gen-eral Assembly passed the Declaration on the Elimination of all Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Be-lief, which provides that freedom of religion shall include the freedom to ‘‘train, appoint, elect or designate by succession appropriate leaders called for by the requirements and standards of any religion or belief’’; and Whereas Congress has long held that the right to freedom of religion undergirds the very origin and existence of the United States, and that freedom of religious belief and practice is a universal human right and fundamental freedom: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes March 10, 2018, as ‘‘Tibetan Rights Day’’; (2) affirms its recognition of His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama for his outstanding con-tributions to peace, nonviolence, human rights, and religious understanding; (3) affirms its support for the Tibetan peo-ple’s fundamental human rights and free-doms, including their right to self-deter-mination and the protection of their distinct religious, cultural, linguistic, and national identity; (4) expresses its sense that the identifica-tion and installation of Tibetan Buddhist re-ligious leaders, including a future 15th Dalai Lama, is a matter that should be determined solely within the Tibetan Buddhist faith community, in accordance with the inalien-able right to religious freedom; (5) expresses its sense that any attempt by the Government of the People’s Republic of China to identify or install its own candidate as a Tibetan Buddhist religious leader, in-cluding a future 15th Dalai Lama, is invalid interference in the right to religious freedom of Tibetan Buddhists around the world, in-cluding in Tibet as well as the United States and elsewhere; and (6) calls on the Secretary of State to fully implement the provisions of the Tibetan Pol-icy Act of 2002 (subtitle B of title VI of Pub-lic Law 107–228; 22 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), in co-operation with like-minded states where ap-propriate, including that— (A) representatives of the United States Government in exchanges with officials of the Government of the People’s Republic of China should call for and otherwise promote the cessation of all interference by the Gov-ernment of the People’s Republic of China or the Chinese Communist Party in the reli-gious affairs of the Tibetan people; (B) the United States Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China should meet with the 11th Panchen Lama, who was arbitrarily detained on May 17, 1995, and otherwise as-certain information concerning his where-abouts and well-being; and (C) the Secretary of State should make best efforts to establish an office in Lhasa, Tibet, to monitor political, economic, and cultural developments in Tibet. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am pleased to join Senators F
EINSTEIN and C
RUZin cosponsoring a resolution rec-ognizing the 59th anniversary of the Ti-betan uprising against Chinese rule— March 10, 2018 as ‘‘Tibetan Rights Day.’’ Fifty-nine years ago, Tibetans took a stand, together, for the freedom of their homeland. The people of the Ti-betan capital, Lhasa, fearing for the life of the Dalai Lama, surrounded his residence, organized a guard, and called for the withdrawal of Chinese forces from Tibet and the restoration of Ti-bet’s freedom. Chinese statistics esti-mate 87,000 Tibetans were killed, ar-rested, or deported to labor camps dur-ing the suppression of the 1959 uprising, which also led to the forced exile of the Dalai Lama and tens of thousands of other Tibetans. Today, 59 years later, the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China remains engaged in the severe repres-sion of Tibet’s unique religious, cul-tural, and linguistic heritage, and is engaged in gross violations of human rights in Tibet, including extrajudicial detentions, disappearances, and tor-ture. At least 152 Tibetans in Tibet are known to have self-immolated in pro-test in the past decade. Yet the Ti-betan people have not given up their struggle for fundamental human rights and freedoms. We stand by the Tibetan people, who have long been our unwav-ering friends. We also stand by the rights of Ti-betan Buddhists, not just in Tibet but around the world, who should be able to determine their own religious lead-ership in accordance with their inalien-able right to religious freedom. Accord-ing to the U.S. Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom, the Chi-nese government claims the power to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.021 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1168 February 15, 2018 
select the next Dalai Lama with the help of a law that grants the govern-ment authority over reincarnations. That is absurd. The identification and installation of Tibetan Buddhist reli-gious leaders, including a future 15th Dalai Lama, is a matter that should be determined solely within the Tibetan Buddhist faith community. We can foster closer, cooperative re-lations with China, but until China works with Tibetan leaders to pursue a new way forward, their reputation in the community of nations, and their ability to act as a global power, will re-main deeply tarnished. I urge other Senators to join in support of this reso-lution, and to pass it before the impor-tant anniversary commemoration on March 10, 2018. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 409—HON-ORING THE DEDICATION AND COURAGE OF THE BUFFALO SOL-DIERS Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. T ILLIS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. S
COTT, Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 409 Whereas by the Act of July 28, 1866 (14 Stat. 332, chapter 299), after the end of the Civil War, African American men were al-lowed to serve in segregated units of the United States Army; Whereas the first Buffalo Soldiers were former slaves and former African American soldiers that fought in the Civil War; Whereas the first Buffalo Soldiers com-prised the 9th and 10th cavalry regiments and were the first African Americans to serve in the United States Army during peacetime; Whereas, in the history of the United States, Buffalo Soldiers have made many significant military contributions and have fought to preserve and protect the United States; Whereas Buffalo Soldiers fought shoulder- to-shoulder with white soldiers in many bat-tles; Whereas Buffalo Soldiers were instru-mental in the exploration and settlement of land in the West; Whereas Buffalo Soldiers participated in the tragic history of removing Native Ameri-cans from the land on which Native Ameri-cans lived; Whereas Native Americans in the Midwest bestowed the nickname ‘‘Buffalo Soldiers’’ to the members of the 9th and 10th cavalry regiments for— (1) the bravery and courage that the mem-bers exhibited; and (2) the jackets of buffalo fur that the mem-bers wore during the cold winter months; Whereas the Buffalo Soldiers rode along-side Theodore Roosevelt and the Rough Rid-ers in Cuba during the Spanish-American War; Whereas Buffalo Soldiers were among the first park rangers to serve in the newly cre-ated National Park Service under President Theodore Roosevelt; Whereas Buffalo Soldiers from the 9th, 10th, 24th, and 25th regiments served in Yo-semite National Park and Sequoia National Park and helped arrest poachers, fight forest fires, and preserve the natural resources of the United States; Whereas, serving nobly as park rangers, Buffalo Soldiers— (1) constructed in Yosemite National Park one of the first arboretums in the United States; (2) cleared miles of forest; (3) built trail roads into national parks for the enjoyment of all people in the United States; and (4) helped build the first trail to the sum-mit of Mount Whitney in Sequoia National Park; Whereas Buffalo Soldiers were subjected to racial prejudice but continued— (1) to serve honorably and bravely in the United States Army; and (2) to fulfill the duties conferred on them with pride and distinction; Whereas, earning a reputation for being courageous and daring— (1) more than 200,000 African Americans served in World War I; and (2) more than 1,000,000 African Americans served in World War II; Whereas during World War II, Buffalo Sol-diers branched out and formed other famous units, including the famed Tuskegee Airmen and the Fighter ‘‘Red Tails’’ Group; Whereas 23 Buffalo Soldiers have received the highest military distinction of the Con-gressional Medal of Honor; Whereas, in 1948, President Harry Truman signed Executive Order 9981, which— (1) stipulated equal treatment and oppor-tunity for all African American service members; and (2) brought an end to the Buffalo Soldiers; Whereas Buffalo Soldiers have honorably answered the call to duty, serving with great valor and distinction in the armed forces of the United States; Whereas the Buffalo Soldiers are a signifi-cant part of the history of the United States; and Whereas there are currently over 20 chap-ters of the 9th and 10th Cavalry Association in the United States and 1 in Germany: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the dedication and courage of the Buffalo Soldiers; (2) recognizes the legacy of the Buffalo Sol-diers; and (3) recognizes the contributions that the Buffalo Soldiers have made to the National Park System and to military history in the United States and throughout the world. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 410—COM-MEMORATING THE LIFE OF LUIS ALEJANDRO ‘‘ALEX’’ VILLAMAYOR AND CALLING FOR JUSTICE AND ACCOUNTABILITY Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 410 Whereas United States citizen Luis Alejandro ‘‘Alex’’ Villamayor was born on July 3, 1998, to parents Puning Luk Villamayor and Luis Felipe Villamayor in Rockville, Maryland; Whereas Alex Villamayor is remembered by his family as a smart, loving, and compas-sionate young man with a good sense of humor, who was committed to his parents, siblings, and friends; Whereas Alex Villamayor moved with his family at the age of six to Paraguay, where he was a devoted member of his church and always had attention for those less fortu-nate; Whereas Alex Villamayor graduated with honors from Paraguay’s Pan American Inter-national School (PAIS) and was accepted to attend Montgomery College in Maryland in the Fall of 2015; Whereas Alex Villamayor aspired to study business management and return to Para-guay to pursue a career that would help and support the Paraguayan people; Whereas Alex Villamayor was murdered on June 27, 2015, in the City of Encarnacio ´n in Paraguay; Whereas Alex Villamayor’s death was wrongfully ruled a suicide by Paraguayan authorities before a comprehensive inves-tigation was carried out; Whereas, in the initial weeks of the inves-tigation, Paraguayan authorities failed to collect blood and DNA samples from individ-uals present at the scene of the crime, con-duct gunshot residue analysis on individuals present at the crime scene, and collect cel-lular phone records and data from individ-uals present at the crime scene; Whereas, in August 2015, Alex Villamayor’s body was exhumed for additional forensic ex-amination, which found that he had been raped and physically assaulted prior to his death; Whereas, in August 2015, Paraguayan pros-ecutor Olga Wilma Araujo Ayala was sus-pended from the investigation into and legal case related to Alex Villamayor’s death due to mismanagement of the case; Whereas, in September 2015, Mathias Wilbs, an employee at the property where Alex Villamayor was murdered, admitted in a public interview that he had removed the murder weapon from the crime scene and placed another firearm in Alex Villamayor’s hand; Whereas, in September 2015, Alex Villamayor’s death was ruled a homicide and Rene´Hofstetter and Mathias Wilbs were charged with crimes in relation to Alex Villamayor’s murder; Whereas, in October 2015, Paraguayan au-thorities opened a formal investigation of Alain Jacks Dı´az de Bedoya for his role in Alex Villamayor’s murder; Whereas, in November 2016, Paraguayan authorities dropped the charges against Alain Jacks Dı´az de Bedoya related to Alex Villamayor’s murder; Whereas Members of the United States Congress have urged the Government of Paraguay to invite the United States Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation to provide tech-nical assistance for the investigation into Alex Villamayor’s death and the United States Embassy in Asuncio´n, Paraguay has offered such assistance to Paraguayan au-thorities; Whereas, to date, the Government of Para-guay has not invited the Federal Bureau of Investigation to provide technical assistance for the investigation into Alex Villamayor’s death; Whereas the United States embassy in Asuncio´n, Paraguay, and the Department of State have not issued any formal public statements about Alex Villamayor’s murder and the many irregularities in the investiga-tion into his death; Whereas, in February 2017, outgoing United States Ambassador Leslie A. Basset told media outlets that Alex Villamayor ‘‘died under dark circumstances’’ and that ‘‘the in-vestigation and the handling of this case has been worrisome’’; and Whereas, as of February 15, 2018, those re-sponsible for Alex Villamayor’s murder have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.023 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1169 February 15, 2018 
yet to be brought to justice; Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commemorates the life of United States citizen Luis Alejandro ‘‘Alex’’ Villamayor and offers condolences to his family and friends; (2) expresses profound concern about the lack of justice achieved in Alex Villamayor’s case, more than two and one half years after his rape and murder; (3) urges Paraguayan authorities to invite the Federal Bureau of Investigation to pro-vide technical assistance for the investiga-tion into Alex Villamayor’s death; (4) calls on the Department of State to prioritize justice for Alex Villamayor in its diplomatic engagement with the Govern-ment of Paraguay; and (5) calls on the Department of State to re-view its procedures for providing services to the families of United States citizens slain or assaulted abroad. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 411—RECOG-NIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FIRST 9–1–1 CALL IN THE UNITED STATES Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. B
URR, and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. R ES. 411 Whereas, prior to the 1960s, the United States did not have a single designated tele-phone number for the people of the United States to call for help in times of emergency; Whereas, in late 1967 and early 1968, the Federal Communications Commission and the American Telephone and Telegraph Com-pany developed a proposal to make the digits 9–1–1 the emergency code throughout the United States; Whereas, on February 16, 1968, the first 9– 1–1 call was placed in Haleyville, Alabama; Whereas, in 1999, Congress passed the Wire-less Communications and Public Safety Act of 1999 (47 U.S.C. 615 et seq.), designating 9– 1–1 as the national emergency telephone number; Whereas, by the end of the 20th century, nearly 93 percent of the population of the United States, and 96 percent of the land area of the United States, was covered by some type of 9–1–1 service; Whereas the availability of 9–1–1 as a na-tional emergency number has contributed to the saving of an untold number of lives in the United States; Whereas the people of the United States are educated from a young age to rely upon the 9–1–1 systems of the United States to reach help in an emergency; Whereas the takers of 9–1–1 calls, known as public safety telecommunicators, dedicate their lives to answering 9–1–1 calls and help-ing others; Whereas those public safety telecommu-nicators are critical to ensuring the safety of the general public and first responders; Whereas, every day, public safety tele-communicators— (1) help to save and to protect lives; (2) direct help to where it is needed most; and (3) provide medical instruction, comfort, and reassurance; and Whereas ongoing efforts to modernize 9–1– 1 systems— (1) will ensure the 9–1–1 infrastructure of the United States remains resilient, robust, and innovative; and (2) will empower public safety telecommu-nicators to make increasingly critical con-tributions to the safety and security of the general public, as well as first responders: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the 50th anniversary of the first 9–1–1 call and the establishment of 9–1–1 as the nationwide emergency number; (2) praises public safety telecommunica-tors for their lifesaving work; (3) recognizes the importance of the 9–1–1 systems of the United States and the need for robust and reliable access to those sys-tems; and (4) encourages the people of the United States to celebrate the 50th anniversary of 9– 1–1 and the lifesaving contributions of public safety telecommunicators and first respond-ers facilitated by 9–1–1 systems. f SENATE RESOLUTION 412—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE 6888TH CENTRAL POSTAL DIRECTORY BATTALION AND CELEBRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH Mr. MORAN submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 412 Whereas, since 1976, the United States has celebrated Black History Month each Feb-ruary to seize the opportunity to honor the accomplishments of African Americans in every area of endeavor throughout the his-tory of the United States; Whereas the people of the United States honor the 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘6888th’’), which was the first and only Afri-can-American unit in the Women’s Army Corps to deploy overseas during World War II; Whereas the 6888th served honorably dur-ing World War II from January 1945 to March 1946; Whereas the 6888th trained at Fort Oglethrope, Georgia, and deployed overseas to operate in Birmingham, England, Rouen, France, and Paris, France; Whereas, while in Europe, the 6888th worked around-the-clock sorting millions of pieces of mail; Whereas a new monument honoring the women of the 6888th will be erected in the Buffalo Solider Memorial Park in Fort Leav-enworth, Kansas; Whereas the monument will— (1) feature the commanding officer of the 6888th, Lieutenant Colonel Charity Adams Earley; (2) list the names of more than 700 soldiers in the Women’s Army Corps assigned to the 6888th; and (3) celebrate the deeds of and sacrifices made by those who served in the 6888th; and Whereas Black History Month provides all individuals in the United States an oppor-tunity to celebrate the contributions of Afri-can Americans, including the remarkable service of the 6888th: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses support for— (A) the monument recognizing the service of the 6888th Central Postal Directory Bat-talion; and (B) the mission of the Buffalo Soldier Edu-cational and Historical Committee; (2) during Black History Month and throughout 2018, encourages all individuals in the United States to celebrate the history of the United States and the important ac-complishments and contributions of African Americans; and (3) appreciates the contributions of and sacrifices made by the soldiers of the Wom-en’s Army Corps assigned to the 6888th Cen-tral Postal Directory Battalion during World War II, who served honorably and are mem-bers of the ‘‘Greatest Generation’’. f SENATE RESOLUTION 413—CELE-BRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. S COTT, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. J ONES , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. K
AINE, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. U
DALL , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. P AUL, and Mr. A
LEXANDER ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 413 Whereas, in 1776, people envisioned the United States as a new nation dedicated to the proposition stated in the Declaration of Independence that ‘‘all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Cre-ator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pur-suit of Happiness . . .’’; Whereas Africans were first brought invol-untarily to the shores of the United States as early as the 17th century; Whereas African Americans suffered en-slavement and subsequently faced the injus-tices of lynch mobs, segregation, and denial of the basic and fundamental rights of citi-zenship; Whereas, in 2018, the vestiges of those in-justices and inequalities remain evident in the society of the United States; Whereas, in the face of injustices, people of good will and of all races in the United States have distinguished themselves with a commitment to the noble ideals on which the United States was founded and have fought courageously for the rights and free-dom of African Americans and others; Whereas African Americans, such as Lieu-tenant Colonel Allen Allensworth, Maya Angelou, Arthur Ashe, Jr., James Baldwin, James Beckwourth, Clara Brown, Blanche Bruce, Ralph Bunche, Shirley Chisholm, Holt Collier, Frederick Douglass, W. E. B. Du Bois, Ralph Ellison, Medgar Evers, Alex Haley, Dorothy Height, Jon Hendricks, Lena Horne, Charles Hamilton Houston, Mahalia Jackson, Stephanie Tubbs Jones, B.B. King, Martin Luther King, Jr., Coretta Scott King, Thurgood Marshall, Constance Baker Mot-ley, Rosa Parks, Walter Payton, Bill Pick-ett, Homer Plessy, Bass Reeves, Hiram Rev-els, Amelia Platts Boynton Robinson, Jackie Robinson, Aaron Shirley, Sojourner Truth, Harriet Tubman, Booker T. Washington, the Greensboro Four, the Tuskegee Airmen, Prince Rogers Nelson, Recy Taylor, Fred Shuttlesworth, Duke Ellington, Langston Hughs, Muhammad Ali, Ella Fitzgerald, Mamie Till, and Edith Savage-Jennings, along with many others, worked against rac-ism to achieve success and to make signifi-cant contributions to the economic, edu-cational, political, artistic, athletic, lit-erary, scientific, and technological advance-ment of the United States; Whereas the contributions of African Americans from all walks of life throughout the history of the United States reflect the greatness of the United States; Whereas many African Americans lived, toiled, and died in obscurity, never achieving the recognition those individuals deserved, and yet paved the way for future generations to succeed; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.025 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1170 February 15, 2018 
Whereas African Americans continue to serve the United States at the highest levels of business, government, and the military; Whereas the birthdays of Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass inspired the creation of Negro History Week, the precursor to Black History Month; Whereas Negro History Week represented the culmination of the efforts of Dr. Carter G. Woodson, the ‘‘Father of Black History’’, to enhance knowledge of Black history through The Journal of Negro History, pub-lished by the Association for the Study of African American Life and History, which was founded by Dr. Carter G. Woodson and Jesse E. Moorland; Whereas Black History Month, celebrated during the month of February, originated in 1926 when Dr. Carter G. Woodson set aside a special period in February to recognize the heritage and achievements of Black people in the United States; Whereas Dr. Carter G. Woodson stated, ‘‘We have a wonderful history behind us. . . . If you are unable to demonstrate to the world that you have this record, the world will say to you, ‘You are not worthy to enjoy the blessings of democracy or anything else.’’’; Whereas since its founding, the United States has imperfectly progressed toward noble goals; Whereas the history of the United States is the story of people regularly affirming high ideals, striving to reach those ideals but often failing, and then struggling to come to terms with the disappointment of that fail-ure, before committing to try again; Whereas, on November 4, 2008, the people of the United States elected Barack Obama, an African-American man, as President of the United States; and Whereas, on February 22, 2012, people across the United States celebrated the groundbreaking of the National Museum of African American History and Culture, which opened to the public on September 24, 2016, on the National Mall in Washington, District of Columbia: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) acknowledges that all people of the United States are the recipients of the wealth of history provided by Black culture; (2) recognizes the importance of Black His-tory Month as an opportunity to reflect on the complex history of the United States, while remaining hopeful and confident about the path ahead; (3) acknowledges the significance of Black History Month as an important opportunity to commemorate the tremendous contribu-tions of African Americans to the history of the United States; (4) encourages the celebration of Black History Month to provide a continuing op-portunity for all people in the United States to learn from the past and understand the experiences that have shaped the United States; and (5) agrees that, while the United States began as a divided country, the United States must— (A) honor the contribution of all pioneers in the United States who have helped to en-sure the legacy of the great United States; and (B) move forward with purpose, united tire-lessly as a nation ‘‘indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.’’. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2018. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2019. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. UDALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2020. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2021. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2022. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2023. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2024. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2025. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2026. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2027. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2028. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2029. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2030. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1958 proposed by Mr. S
CHUMER (for him- self, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. K ING, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. K AINE, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. I SAK-
SON, and Mr. W ARNER ) to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2031. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Mr. L EAHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2032. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2033. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2034. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2035. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2036. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2037. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2038. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1959 proposed by Mr. GRASSLEY (for him- self, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. A
LEXANDER , and Mr. I SAKSON ) to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2039. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. H
EINRICH , and Mr. U DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1958 proposed by Mr. S
CHU-
MER (for himself, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. K ING, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. I
SAKSON , and Mr. W ARNER ) to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2040. Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Ms. S MITH) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2041. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2042. Mr. ALEXANDER (for Mr. F
LAKE ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 946, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court serv-ices to justice-involved veterans, and for other purposes. SA 2043. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2018. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. EXPEDITED REMOVAL FOR ALIENS IN-ADMISSIBLE ON CRIMINAL OR SECU-RITY GROUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 238 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1228) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘or who are subject to ter-rorism-related grounds for removal’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discre-tion,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘set forth in this sub-section or’’ and inserting ‘‘set forth in this subsection, in lieu of removal proceedings under’’; (B) in paragraphs (3) and (4), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; (C) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘described in this section’’ and inserting ‘‘described in paragraph (1) or (2)’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.028 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1171 February 15, 2018 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the Attorney General may grant in the Attorney General’s discretion.’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary or the Attorney General may grant, in the sole and unreviewable discretion of the Secretary or the Attorney General, in any proceeding.’’; (D) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively; and (E) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Homeland Security, in the exercise of discretion, may determine inadmissibility under section 212(a)(2) and issue an order of removal pursuant to the procedures set forth in this subsection, in lieu of removal proceedings under section 240, with respect to an alien who— ‘‘(A) has not been admitted or paroled; ‘‘(B) has not been found to have a credible fear of persecution pursuant to the proce-dures set forth in 235(b)(1)(B); and ‘‘(C) is not eligible for a waiver of inadmis-sibility or relief from removal.’’; (3) by redesignating the first subsection (c) as subsection (d); (4) by redesignating the second subsection (c), as so designated by section 617(b)(13) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immi-grant Responsibility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 110 Stat. 3009–720)), as subsection (e); and (5) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) R
EMOVAL OF ALIENS WHOARESUBJECT  
TOTERRORISM -RELATED GROUNDS FOR RE-
MOVAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security— ‘‘(A) notwithstanding section 240, shall— ‘‘(i) determine the inadmissibility of every alien under subclause (I), (II), or (III) of sec-tion 212(a)(3)(B)(i), or the deportability of the alien under section 237(a)(4)(B) as a con-sequence of being described in 1 of such sub-clauses; and ‘‘(ii) issue an order of removal pursuant to the procedures set forth in this subsection to every alien determined to be inadmissible or deportable on a ground described in clause (i); and ‘‘(B) may— ‘‘(i) determine the inadmissibility of any alien under subparagraph (A) or (B) of sec-tion 212(a)(3) (other than subclauses (I), (II), and (III) of section 212(a)(3)(B)(i)), or the de-portability of the alien under subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 237(a)(4) (as a con-sequence of being described in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of section 212(a)(3)(B)(i)); and ‘‘(ii) issue an order of removal pursuant to the procedures set forth in this subsection to every alien determined to be inadmissible or deportable on a ground described in clause (i). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not execute any order described in paragraph (1) until 30 days after the date on which such order was issued, unless waived by the alien, to give the alien an opportunity to petition for judicial review under section 242. ‘‘(3) P
ROCEEDINGS .—The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to govern proceedings under this subsection, which shall require that— ‘‘(A) the alien is given reasonable notice of the charges and of the opportunity described in subparagraph (C); ‘‘(B) the alien has the privilege of being represented (at no expense to the Govern-ment) by such counsel, authorized to prac-tice in such proceedings, as the alien shall choose; ‘‘(C) the alien has a reasonable opportunity to inspect the evidence and rebut the charges; ‘‘(D) a determination is made on the record that the individual upon whom the notice for the proceeding under this section is served (either in person or by mail) is, in fact, the alien named in such notice; ‘‘(E) a record is maintained for judicial re-view; and ‘‘(F) the final order of removal is not adju-dicated by the same person who issues the charges. ‘‘(4) LIMITATION ON RELIEF FROM RE -
MOVAL .—No alien described in this sub-section shall be eligible for any relief from removal that the Secretary may grant in the Secretary’s discretion.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by striking the item relating to section 238 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 238. Expedited removal of aliens con-victed of aggravated felonies or who are subject to terrorism-re-lated grounds for removal.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, but shall not apply to aliens who are in removal proceedings under section 240 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a) on such date of enactment. 
SEC. ll. BARRING AGGRAVATED FELONS, BOR-DER CHECKPOINT RUNNERS, AND SEX OFFENDERS FROM ADMISSION TO THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NADMISSIBILITY ON CRIMINAL AND RE-
LATED GROUNDS ; W AIVERS .—Section 212 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subclause (II), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by inserting after subclause (II) the following: ‘‘(III) a violation of (or a conspiracy or at-tempt to violate) any statute relating to sec-tion 208 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 408) (relating to social security account num-bers or social security cards) or section 1028 of title 18, United States Code (relating to fraud and related activity in connection with identification documents, authentication features, and information)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) C
ITIZENSHIP FRAUD .—Any alien con-victed of, or who admits having committed, or who admits committing acts which con-stitute the essential elements of, a violation of, or an attempt or a conspiracy to violate, subsection (a) or (b) of section 1425 of title 18, United States Code (relating to the procure-ment of citizenship or naturalization unlaw-fully), is inadmissible. ‘‘(K) C
ERTAIN FIREARM OFFENSES .—Any alien who at any time has been convicted under any law of, admits having committed, or admits committing acts which constitute the essential elements of, any law relating to, purchasing, selling, offering for sale, ex-changing, using, owning, possessing, or car-rying, or of attempting or conspiring to pur-chase, sell, offer for sale, exchange, use, own, possess, or carry, any weapon, part, or acces-sory which is a firearm or destructive device (as defined in section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code) in violation of any law, is inad-missible. For purposes of this subparagraph the term ‘any law’ includes State laws that do not contain an exception for antique fire-arms. If the State law does not contain an exception for antique firearms, the Sec-retary or the Attorney General may consider documentary evidence related to the convic-tion, including, but not limited to, charging documents, plea agreements, plea colloquies, jury instructions, and police reports, to es-tablish that the offense involved at least 1 firearm that is not an antique firearm. ‘‘(L) AGGRAVATED FELONS .—Any alien who has been convicted of an aggravated felony at any time is inadmissible. ‘‘(M) H
IGH SPEED FLIGHT .—Any alien who has been convicted of a violation of section 758 of title 18, United States Code (relating to high speed flight from an immigration checkpoint) is inadmissible. ‘‘(N) F
AILURE TO REGISTER AS A SEX OF -
FENDER .—Any alien convicted under section 2250 of title 18, United States Code, is inad-missible. ‘‘(O) C
RIMES OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE , STALK -
ING, OR VIOLATION OF PROTECTION ORDERS ; 
CRIMES AGAINST CHILDREN .— ‘‘(i) D
OMESTIC VIOLENCE , STALKING , AND 
CHILD ABUSE .—Except as provided in sub-section (v), any alien who at any time is or has been convicted of a crime involving the use or attempted use of physical force, or threatened use of a deadly weapon, a crime of domestic violence, a crime of stalking, or a crime of child abuse, child neglect, or child abandonment is inadmissible. For purposes of this clause, the term ‘crime of domestic violence’ has the meaning given the term in section 237(a)(2)(E)(i). ‘‘(ii) V
IOLATORS OF PROTECTION ORDERS .— Except as provided in subsection (v), any alien who at any time is or has been enjoined under a protection order issued by a court and whom the court determines has engaged in conduct that violates the portion of a pro-tection order that involves protection against credible threats of violence, repeated harassment, or bodily injury to the person or persons for whom the protection order was issued is inadmissible. For purposes of this clause, the term ‘protection order’ has the meaning given the term in section 237(a)(2)(E)(ii).’’; (2) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) as subclauses (I), (II), and (III), respectively; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), re-spectively; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (C) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), as redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The Attorney General’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, and (E)’’, and inserting ‘‘(E), and (K)’’; (D) in the matter following subparagraph (B), as redesignated— (i) by striking the first 2 sentences and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) A waiver may not be provided under this subsection to an alien— ‘‘(A) who has been convicted of (or who has admitted committing acts that constitute)— ‘‘(i) murder or criminal acts of torture; or ‘‘(ii) an attempt or conspiracy to commit murder or a criminal act involving torture; ‘‘(B) who has been convicted of an aggra-vated felony; or ‘‘(C) who has been lawfully admitted for permanent residence and who since the date of such admission has not lawfully resided continuously in the United States for at least 7 years immediately preceding the date on which proceedings were initiated to re-move the alien from the United States.’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘No court’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) No court’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (t), as added by section 1(b)(2)(B) of Public Law 108– 449, as subsection (u); and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) W
AIVER FOR VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC VIO-
LENCE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.030 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1172 February 15, 2018 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the At-torney General is not limited by the crimi-nal court record and may waive the applica-tion of subsection (a)(2)(O)(i) (with respect to crimes of domestic violence and crimes of stalking) and subsection (a)(2)(O)(ii), in the case of an alien who has been battered or subjected to extreme cruelty and who is not and was not the primary perpetrator of vio-lence in the relationship, upon a determina-tion that— ‘‘(A) the alien was acting in self-defense; ‘‘(B) the alien was found to have violated a protection order intended to protect the alien; or ‘‘(C) the alien committed or was convicted of committing a crime— ‘‘(i) that did not result in serious bodily in-jury; and ‘‘(ii) where there was a connection between the crime and the alien’s having been bat-tered or subjected to extreme cruelty. ‘‘(2) C
REDIBLE EVIDENCE CONSIDERED .—In acting on applications for a waiver under this subsection, the Secretary or the Attor-ney General shall consider any credible evi-dence relevant to the application. The deter-mination of what evidence is credible and the weight to be given that evidence shall be within the sole discretion of the Secretary or the Attorney General.’’. (b) D
EPORTABILITY ; CRIMINAL OFFENSES .— Section 237(a)(2) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) I
DENTIFICATION FRAUD .—Any alien who is convicted of a violation of (or a con-spiracy or attempt to violate) an offense re-lating to section 208 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 408) (relating to social security account numbers or social security cards) or section 1028 of title 18, United States Code (relating to fraud and related activity in connection with identification) is deport-able.’’. (c) D
EPORTABILITY ; CRIMINAL OFFENSES .— Section 237(a)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(3)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (3) in clause (iii), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (4) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) of a violation of, or an attempt or a conspiracy to violate, subsection (a) or (b) of section 1425 of title 18, United States Code (relating to the unlawful procurement of citizenship or naturalization),’’. (d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) any act that occurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) all aliens who are required to establish admissibility on or after such date of enact-ment; and (3) all removal, deportation, or exclusion proceedings that are filed, pending, or re-opened, on or after such date of enactment. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The amend-ments made by this section may not be con-strued to create eligibility for relief from re-moval under section 212(c) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(c)), as in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act, if such eligibility did not exist before such date of enactment. 
SA 2019. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY ENFORCEMENT TRANS-PARENCY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Secu-rity Enforcement Transparency Act’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
ORDER SECURITY .—The term ‘‘border security’’ means the prevention of unlawful entries into the United States, including en-tries by terrorists, other unlawful aliens, in-struments of terrorism, narcotics, and other contraband. (2) C
HECKPOINT .—The term ‘‘checkpoint’’ means a location— (A) at which vehicles or individuals trav-eling through the location are stopped or boarded by an officer of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the purposes of en-forcement of United States laws and regula-tions and making border security stops; and (B) that is not located at a port of entry along an international border of the United States. (3) L
AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIAL .—The term ‘‘law enforcement official’’ means— (A) an officer or agent of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (B) an officer or agent of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; or (C) an officer or employee of a State or a political subdivision of a State who is car-rying out the functions of an immigration officer pursuant to an agreement entered into under section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)), pursu-ant to authorization under title IV of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.), or pursuant to any other agreement with the Department of Homeland Security. (4) P
ATROL STOP .—The term ‘‘patrol stop’’ means seizure or interrogation of a motorist, passenger, or pedestrian initiated anywhere, except as part of an inspection at a port of entry or a primary inspection at a check-point. (5) P
RIMARY INSPECTION .—The term ‘‘pri-mary inspection’’ means an initial inspec-tion of a vehicle or individual at a check-point. (6) S
ECONDARY INSPECTION .—The term ‘‘sec-ondary inspection’’ means a further inspec-tion of a vehicle or individual that is con-ducted following a primary inspection. (c) R
EQUIREMENT FOR DATACOLLECTION RE-
GARDING STOPS AND SEARCHES INTENDED TO  E
NFORCE BORDER SECURITY .—A law enforce-ment official who initiates a patrol stop or who detains any individual beyond a brief and limited inquiry, such as a primary in-spection at a checkpoint, shall record— (1) the date, time, and location of the con-tact; (2) the law enforcement official’s basis for, or circumstances surrounding, the action, in-cluding if such individual’s perceived race or ethnicity contributed to such basis; (3) the identifying characteristics of such individual, including the individual’s per-ceived race, gender, ethnicity, and approxi-mate age; (4) the duration of the stop, detention, or search, whether consent was requested and obtained for detention and any search; (5) a description of any articulable facts and behavior by the individual that justify initiating a stop or probable cause to justify any search pursuant to such contact; (6) a description of any items seized during such search, including contraband or money, and a specification of the type of search con-ducted; (7) any warning or citation that was issued as a result of such contact and the basis for such warning or citation; (8) if an arrest or detention was made as a result of such contact, the justification for such arrest or detention; (9) the immigration status of the indi-vidual and whether removal proceedings were subsequently initiated against the indi-vidual; (10) if force was used by the law enforce-ment official and if force was used, the type of force and justification for using force; (11) any complaint made by the individual and any follow-up made regarding the com-plaint; (12) the badge number of law enforcement official involved in the complaint; and (13) if the action was initiated by a State or local law enforcement agency— (A) the reason for involvement of a Federal law enforcement official; (B) the duration of the stop prior to con-tact with any Federal law enforcement offi-cial; (C) the method by which a Federal law en-forcement official was informed of the stop; and (D) if the individual was being held by State or local officials on State criminal charges at the time of such contact. (d) REQUIREMENT FOR U.S. C USTOMS AND  B
ORDER PROTECTION DATA COLLECTION RE-
GARDING CHECKPOINTS .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall collect data on— (1) the number of permanent and tem-porary checkpoints utilized by officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (2) the location of each such checkpoint; and (3) a description of each such checkpoint, including the presence of any other law en-forcement agencies and the use of law en-forcement resources such as canines. (e) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, after consultation with stakeholders, including re-search, civil and human rights organizations, shall issue regulations for the collection and reporting of data required under subsections (c) and (d) that— (1) specify all data to be reported; and (2) provide standards, definitions, and tech-nical specifications to ensure uniform re-porting. (f) C
OMPILATION OF DATA.— (1) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall compile— (A) the data recorded under subsection (c) by officers of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and by officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (B) the data collected under subsection (d) by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and (C) an analysis of all incidents investigated by the Office of Inspector General or the Of-fice of Professional Responsibility of U.S. Customs and Border Protection or of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to determine— (i) whether the data required to be col-lected under this section were properly re-corded; and (ii) if such date were not properly recorded, what corrective measures were or will be taken. (2) O
THER LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS .— The head of each agency, department, or other entity that employs law enforcement officials other than officers referred to in paragraph (1) shall— (A) compile the data recorded by such law enforcement officials pursuant to subsection (c); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.030 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1173 February 15, 2018 
(B) submit the compiled data to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. (g) U
SE OF DATA.—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall consider the data com-piled under subsection (f) in making policy and program decisions related to enforce-ment of border security. (h) A
NNUAL REPORT .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the effective date of the regulations issued pursuant to subsection (e), and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report to Congress that summarizes all of the data compiled under subsection (f) during the previous year. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public, except for particular data if the Secretary— (A) explicitly invokes an exemption under paragraphs (1) through (9) of section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code; and (B) provides a written explanation for the exemption’s applicability. (3) P
ROTECTION OF PRIVACY .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may not disclose unique personal identifying information of persons stopped, searched, or subjected to a property seizure that was recorded or col-lected under this section. The report sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall be available to the public to the extent the release of the date contained in the report is permissible under Federal law. 
SA 2020. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. IMMIGRANT ENTREPRENEURS. 
(a) Q UALIFIED ALIEN ENTREPRENEURS .— (1) A
DMISSION AS IMMIGRANTS .—Chapter 1 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 210A. QUALIFIED ALIEN ENTREPRENEURS. 
‘‘(a) A DMISSION AS IMMIGRANTS .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security, in accordance with the provisions of this section and of sec-tion 216A, may issue a conditional immi-grant visa to not more than 75,000 qualified alien entrepreneurs. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION FOR CONDITIONAL PERMA -
NENT RESIDENT STATUS .—Every alien apply-ing for a conditional immigrant visa under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary of Homeland Security in such form and manner as the Secretary shall pre-scribe by regulation. ‘‘(c) R
EVOCATION .—If, during the 4-year pe-riod beginning on the date on which an alien is granted a visa under this section, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security determines that such alien is no longer a qualified alien entrepreneur, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) revoke such visa; and ‘‘(2) notify the alien that the alien— ‘‘(A) may voluntarily depart from the United States in accordance to section 240B; or ‘‘(B) will be subject to removal proceedings under section 240 if the alien does not depart from the United States not later than 6 months after receiving notification under this paragraph. ‘‘(d) R
EMOVAL OF CONDITIONAL BASIS.—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall re-move the conditional basis of the status of an alien issued an immigrant visa under this section on that date that is 4 years after the date on which such visa was issued if such visa was not revoked pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) F
ULL-TIME EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘full- time employee’ means a United States cit-izen or legal permanent resident who is paid by the new business entity registered by a qualified alien entrepreneur at a rate that is comparable to the median income of employ-ees in the region. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED ALIEN ENTREPRENEUR .—The term ‘qualified alien entrepreneur’ means an alien who— ‘‘(A) at the time the alien applies for an immigrant visa under this section— ‘‘(i) is lawfully present in the United States; and ‘‘(ii)(I) holds a nonimmigrant visa pursu-ant to section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b); or ‘‘(II) holds a nonimmigrant visa pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(F)(i); ‘‘(B) during the 1-year period beginning on the date the alien is granted a visa under this section— ‘‘(i) registers at least 1 new business entity in a State; ‘‘(ii) employs, at such business entity in the United States, at least 2 full-time em-ployees who are not relatives of the alien; and ‘‘(iii) invests, or raises capital investment of, not less than $100,000 in such business en-tity; and ‘‘(C) during the 3-year period beginning on the last day of the 1-year period described in paragraph (2), employs, at such business en-tity in the United States, an average of at least 5 full-time employees who are not rel-atives of the alien.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by adding after the item re-lating to section 210 the following: ‘‘Sec. 210A. Qualified alien entrepreneurs.’’. (b) C
ONDITIONAL PERMANENT RESIDENT STA-
TUS.—Section 216A of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1186b) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘203(b)(5),’’ and inserting ‘‘203(b)(5) or 210A, as appropriate,’’; (3) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘alien entrepreneur must’’ each place such term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘alien entrepreneur shall’’; (4) in subsection (d)(1)(B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘or 210A, as appropriate.’’; and (5) in subsection (f)(1), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘or 210A.’’. (c) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress regarding the qualified alien entrepreneurs granted im-migrant status under section 210A of the Im-migration and Nationality Act, as added by subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in paragraph (1) shall include information re-garding— (A) the number of qualified alien entre-preneurs who have received immigrant sta-tus under section 210A of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by subsection (a), listed by country of origin; (B) the localities in which such qualified alien entrepreneurs have initially settled; (C) whether such qualified alien entre-preneurs generally remain in the localities in which they initially settle; (D) the types of commercial enterprises that such qualified alien entrepreneurs have established; and (E) the types and number of jobs created by such qualified alien entrepreneurs. SA 2021. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. CONDITIONAL PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS FOR IMMIGRANTS WITH AN ADVANCED DEGREE IN A STEM FIELD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1181 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 216A the following: 
‘‘SEC. 216B. CONDITIONAL PERMANENT RESI-DENT STATUS FOR ALIENS WITH AN ADVANCED DEGREE IN A STEM FIELD. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security may adjust the status of not more than 50,000 aliens who have earned a master’s degree or a doctorate degree at an institution of higher education in a STEM field to that of an alien conditionally admit-ted for permanent residence and authorize each alien granted such adjustment of status to remain in the United States— ‘‘(1) for up to 1 year after the expiration of the alien’s student visa under section 101(a)(15)(F)(i) if the alien is diligently searching for an opportunity to become ac-tively engaged in a STEM field; and ‘‘(2) indefinitely if the alien remains ac-tively engaged in a STEM field. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION FOR CONDITIONAL PERMA -
NENT RESIDENT STATUS .—Every alien apply-ing for a conditional permanent resident sta-tus under this section shall submit an appli-cation to the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity before the expiration of the alien’s stu-dent visa in such form and manner as the Secretary shall prescribe by regulation. ‘‘(c) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR FEDERAL GOVERN -
MENT ASSISTANCE .—An alien granted condi-tional permanent resident status under this section shall not be eligible, while in such status, for— ‘‘(1) any unemployment compensation (as defined in section 85(b) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986); or ‘‘(2) any Federal means-tested public ben-efit (as that term is used in section 403 of the Personal Responsibility and Work Oppor-tunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1613)). ‘‘(d) E
FFECT ON NATURALIZATION RESIDENCY  R
EQUIREMENT .—An alien granted conditional permanent resident status under this section shall be deemed to have been lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence for purposes of meeting the 5-year residency requirement under section 316(a)(1). ‘‘(e) R
EMOVAL OF CONDITION .—The Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall remove the conditional basis of an alien’s condi-tional permanent resident status under this section on the date that is 5 years after the date such status was granted if the alien maintained his or her eligibility for such sta-tus during the entire 5-year period. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
CTIVELY ENGAGED IN A STEM FIELD .— The term ‘actively engaged in a STEM field’— ‘‘(A) means— ‘‘(i) gainfully employed in a for-profit busi-ness or nonprofit organization in the United States in a STEM field; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.031 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1174 February 15, 2018 
‘‘(ii) teaching 1 or more STEM field courses at an institution of higher edu-cation; or ‘‘(iii) employed by a Federal, State, or local government entity; and ‘‘(B) includes any period of up to 6 months during which the alien does not meet the re-quirement under subparagraph (A) if such pe-riod was immediately preceded by a 1-year period during which the alien met the re-quirement under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). ‘‘(3) STEM 
FIELD .—The term ‘STEM field’ means any field of study or occupation in-cluded on the most recent STEM-Designated Degree Program List published in the Fed-eral Register by the Department of Home-land Security (as described in section 214.2(f)(11)(i)(C)(2) of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 216A the following: ‘‘Sec. 216B. Conditional permanent resident status for aliens with an ad-vanced degree in a STEM field.’’. (c) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress regarding the alien college graduates granted immi-grant status under section 216B of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act, as added by subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to the aliens described in such paragraph— (A) the number who have earned a master’s degree, broken down by the number of such degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics; (B) the number who have earned a doc-torate degree, broken down by the number of such degrees in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics; (C) the number who have founded a busi-ness in the United States in a STEM field; (D) the number who are employed in the United States in a STEM field, broken down by employment sector (for profit, nonprofit, or government); and (E) the number who are employed by an in-stitution of higher education. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—The terms ‘‘institution of higher education’’ and ‘‘STEM field’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 216B(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by subsection (a). 
SA 2022. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. MODIFICATION OF PER COUNTRY NU-MERICAL LIMITATION FOR EMPLOY-MENT-BASED VISAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 202(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
AND EMPLOYMENT -BASED ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(3), (4), and (5),’’ and in-serting ‘‘(3) and (4),’’; (3) by striking ‘‘subsections (a) and (b) of section 203’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; (4) by striking ‘‘7’’ and inserting ‘‘15’’; and (5) by striking ‘‘such subsections’’ and in-serting ‘‘such section’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 202 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1152) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘both sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 203’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (5); and (2) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULES FOR COUNTRIES AT  C
EILING .—If the total number of immigrant visas made available under section 203(a) to natives of any single foreign state or depend-ent area will exceed the numerical limita-tion specified in subsection (a)(2) in any fis-cal year, in determining the allotment of im-migrant visa numbers to natives under sec-tion 203(a), visa numbers with respect to na-tives of that state or area shall be allocated (to the extent practicable and otherwise con-sistent with this section and section 203) in a manner so that, except as provided in sub-section (a)(4), the proportion of the visa numbers made available under each of para-graphs (1) through (4) of section 203(a) is equal to the ratio of the total number of visas made available under the respective paragraph to the total number of visas made available under section 203(a).’’. (c) C
OUNTRY -SPECIFIC OFFSET .—Section 2 of the Chinese Student Protection Act of 1992 (8 U.S.C. 1255 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sub-section (e))’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d))’’; and (2) by striking subsection (d) and redesig-nating subsection (e) as subsection (d). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on September 30, 2018, and shall apply to fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 2019. (e) T
RANSITION RULES FOR EMPLOYMENT - 
BASED IMMIGRANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to of this sub-section and notwithstanding title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151 et seq.), the following rules shall apply: (A) For fiscal year 2019, 15 percent of the immigrant visas made available under each of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 203(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) shall be allotted to immigrants who are natives of a foreign state or dependent area that was not one of the 2 states with the largest aggregate num-bers of natives obtaining immigrant visas during fiscal year 2017 under such para-graphs. (B) For fiscal year 2020, 10 percent of the immigrant visas made available under each of such paragraphs shall be allotted to immi-grants who are natives of a foreign state or dependent area that was not one of the 2 states with the largest aggregate numbers of natives obtaining immigrant visas during fiscal year 2018 under such paragraphs. (C) For fiscal year 2021, 10 percent of the immigrant visas made available under each of such paragraphs shall be allotted to immi-grants who are natives of a foreign state or dependent area that was not one of the 2 states with the largest aggregate numbers of natives obtaining immigrant visas during fiscal year 2019 under such paragraphs. (2) P
ER-COUNTRY LEVELS .— (A) R
ESERVED VISAS .—With respect to the visas reserved under each of subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1), the number of such visas made available to natives of any single foreign state or dependent area in the appropriate fiscal year may not exceed 25 percent (in the case of a single foreign state) or 2 percent (in the case of a dependent area) of the total number of such visas. (B) UNRESERVED VISAS .—With respect to the immigrant visas made available under each of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 203(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) and not reserved under paragraph (1), for each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021, not more than 85 percent shall be allotted to immigrants who are natives of any single foreign state. (3) S
PECIAL RULE TO PREVENT UNUSED  
VISAS .—If, with respect to fiscal year 2019, 2020, or 2021, the operation of paragraphs (1) and (2) would prevent the total number of immigrant visas made available under para-graph (2) or (3) of section 203(b) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) from being issued, such visas may be issued during the remainder of such fiscal year without regard to such paragraphs (1) and (2). (4) R
ULES FOR CHARGEABILITY .—Section 202(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(b)) shall apply in deter-mining the foreign state to which an alien is chargeable for purposes of this subsection. 
SA 2023. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C
ARPER , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. RESCISSION OF EXECUTIVE ORDER 13768. 
The provisions of Executive Order 13768 (82 Fed. Reg. 8799; January 25, 2017), entitled ‘‘Enhancing Public Safety in the Interior of the United States’’, are rescinded and shall not have any legal effect. 
SA 2024. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION SUBMITTED FOR TEMPORARY PRO-TECTED STATUS PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) TPS 
PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘TPS Pro-gram’’ means temporary protected status under section 244 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a). (2) I
NDIVIDUAL APPLICATION INFORMATION .— The term ‘‘individual application informa-tion’’ means any information, including per-sonally identifiable information, submitted to the Secretary as part of a request for con-sideration or reconsideration for the TPS Program. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (b) P
ROTECTION OF CONFIDENTIALITY OF IN-
FORMATION .—The Secretary shall protect in-dividual application information from disclo-sure to U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement or U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection for any purpose other than imple-menting the TPS Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.031 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1175 February 15, 2018 
(c) R EFERRALS PROHIBITED .—The Secretary may not refer any individual who previously held Temporary Protected Status under the TPS Program to U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the Department of Justice, or any other law enforcement agency. (d) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—Individual appli-cation information may be shared with na-tional security and law enforcement agen-cies— (1) to identify or prevent fraudulent claims; (2) for particularized national security pur-poses relating to an individual application; or (3) for the investigation or prosecution of any felony not related to immigration sta-tus. 
SA 2025. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ENFORCEMENT AGAINST DACA RECIPI-ENTS PROHIBITED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Homeland Security (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall not return, remove, or de-tain an alien who meets the requirements for deferred action status described in the memorandum of the Secretary of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to Individuals Who Came to the United States as Children’’ and dated June 15, 2012, or the requirements for such status described in the memorandum of the Secretary entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecu-torial Discretion with Respect to Inidividuals Who Came to the United States as Children and with Respect to Certain Indi-viduals Who Are the Parents of U.S. Citizens or Permanent Residents’’ and dated Novem-ber 20, 2014 (referred to in this section as ‘‘DACA status’’), including an alien whose DACA status has expired. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may carry out return, removal, or detention activity with respect to an alien described in sub-section (a)— (1) for a particularized national security purpose relating to the alien; or (2) if the alien has been convicted of a fel-ony (except an offense relating to the immi-gration status of the alien). (c) E
MPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall not decline to adjudicate, delay adjudication of, or deny employment authorization to an alien de-scribed in subsection (a). (2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to an alien described in subsection (b). 
SA 2026. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON AVAILABILITY OF PUBLIC RESOURCES TO UNITED STATES CITIZEN CHILDREN BORN TO IMMIGRANT PARENTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) 88 percent of children with immigrant parents were born in the United States and are United States citizens. (2) Children with at least one immigrant parent account for 26 percent of all children in the United States. (3) 9,100,000 children with immigrant par-ents live in low-income families. (4) Federally funded programs, including Head Start and the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, are critical in delivering quality health care and comprehensive early childhood education, health, and nutrition to children from low-income families. (5) State and local governments have made their own determinations with respect to what State and local resources immigrant families can utilize. (6) The Trump Administration has written a draft rule regarding the definition of ‘‘pub-lic charge’’ that would limit the ability of United States citizen children to access pub-lic resources without threatening the immi-gration status of their family members. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) United States citizen children born to immigrant parents should be entitled to the same access to public resources as children born to United States citizen parents; and (2) any attempt to limit the access of United States citizens to public benefits and resources based on the immigration status of their parents would be discriminatory and create second-class citizens. 
SA 2027. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON DETAINED AND DEPORTED DACA RECIPIENTS. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘DACA status’’ means the status granted to an alien who has been granted de-ferred action for childhood arrivals in ac-cordance with the memorandum issued by the Secretary of Homeland Security on June 15, 2012. (b) W
EEKLY REPORT .—Not less frequently than weekly, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall submit to the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives, and post on a public website, a report that identifies— (1) the number of individuals apprehended, detained, or arrested by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement or U.S. Customs and Border Protection during the reporting period who have ever been granted DACA status; (2) the number of individuals removed by immigration officials during the reporting period who have ever been granted DACA status; (3) the location of apprehension, detain-ment, or arrest of such individuals; and (4) the reason for the apprehension, detain-ment, or arrest, including whether it was the result of targeted enforcement or a collat-eral arrest. 
SA 2028. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON BIRTHRIGHT CITIZENSHIP. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Fourteenth Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States states, ‘‘All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction there-of, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.’’. (2) Since the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment, the United States has been en-gaged in a long struggle to live up to its promise: that all people are equal under law. (3) As a national community, the people of the United States have to confront the hard truth that the United States sometimes fall short of that idea, and that the United States has not always kept that promise. (4) Though the United States has been humbled by past failures, the Nation’s char-acter will be measured by the strength of its continually renewed commitment to the fun-damental national values of equality and dignity before the law. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it would be a gross violation of the spir-it of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States and to the na-tional values of the United States for this or any future Congress to adopt any interpreta-tion that some individuals who are born on United States soil are less deserving than others of the privileges of United States citi-zenship and the equal protection of the laws of the United States; (2) the United States must protect, pre-serve, and honor the longstanding legal prin-ciple of birthright citizenship; (3) the tradition of birthright citizenship is rooted in the ancient international legal principle of jus soli; and (4) honoring citizenship by birth reflects the heritage of the United States as a coun-try of immigrants, who choose to adopt the United States as their homeland, and whose diverse cultures and experiences are woven into the tapestry of the Nation’s history. 
SA 2029. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. TRADE FACILITATION AND SECURITY ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘designated port of entry’’ means any land port of entry on the Southern border that has— (1) expanded growth in cross-border traffic; (2) engaged in binational innovative pilot programs; and (3) relied on private-public partnership agreements for added staffing or extended hours. (b) P
RIVATE VEHICLES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall facilitate the safe, secure, and efficient cross border movement of people, motor ve-hicles, cargo, and lawful and legitimate trade travel by extending the hours of oper-ation to 24 hours per day for private vehicles at designated ports of entry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.034 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1176 February 15, 2018 
(c) C OMMERCIAL VEHICLES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall facilitate the safe, secure, and efficient cross border movement of people, motor ve-hicles, cargo, and lawful and legitimate trade travel by ensuring that commercial ve-hicles may cross through designated ports of entry— (1) anytime between 6:00 am and midnight, Monday through Friday; and (2) anytime between 8:00 am and 4:00 pm on Saturday. (d) R
ESOURCES .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall ensure that sufficient re-sources are dedicated to designated ports of entry— (1) to carry out the functions of commer-cial operations, including accepting entries of merchandise, collecting duties, and en-forcing the customs, immigration, and trade laws of the United States; and (2) to perform the functions described in paragraph (1) during the hours set forth in subsection (c) beginning not later than the date set forth in subsection (c). (e) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall coordinate with the ap-propriate officials of the Government of Mexico to implement this section. 
SA 2030. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1958 proposed by Mr. S
CHUMER (for himself, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. K
ING, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. K AINE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. I SAK-
SON, and Mr. W ARNER ) to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 4(c) of the amendment, strike paragraphs (2) and (3) and insert the fol-lowing: (2) For domain awareness, $658,000,000, in-cluding $147,700,000 for border surveillance technology, as follows: (A) $46,200,000 for Remote Video Surveil-lance System (RVSS). (B) $1,600,000 for Mobile Video Surveillance System (MVSS). (C) $2,500,000 for Small Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS). (D) $16,200,000 for Motion Sensor Capability (MSC). (E) $17,400,000 for Integrated Fixed Towers (IFT) to the Tucson Sector. (F) $34,800,000 for tactical aerostats. (G) $9,000,000 for Cross-border tunnel tech-nology (CBTT). (H) $20,000,000 for Unattended Ground Sen-sors (UGS). (3) For access and mobility, $143,000,000, in-cluding $172,900,000 for Air & Marine Oper-ations assets, as follows: (A) $55,500,000 for Multi-Enforcement Air-craft (MEA). (B) $11,000,000 for MEA-Based Vehicle And Dismount Exploitation Radar (VADER). (C) $14,000,000 for UH–60 helicopter conver-sion. (D) $7,800,000 for Aircraft Sensor Upgrades (EO/IR). (E) $41,200,000 for Tethered Aerostat (TARS) and explore PTDS (Persistent Threat Detection Systems) to improve situational awareness. (F) $43,400,000 for Light Enforcement Heli-copters (LEH). SA 2031. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Mr. L EAHY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: DIVISION B—SECURING THE NORTHERN TRIANGLE 
SEC. 10001. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the ‘‘Secure the Northern Triangle Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this division is as follows: DIVISION B—SECURING THE NORTHERN TRIANGLE Sec. 10001. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 10002. Findings. Sec. 10003. Sense of Congress. Sec. 10004. Definitions. TITLE XI—ADVANCING REFORMS IN CEN-TRAL AMERICA TO ADDRESS THE FAC-TORS DRIVING MIGRATION Subtitle A—Strengthening the Capacity of Central American Governments To Protect and Provide for Their Own People Sec. 10111. Authorization of appropriations for United States strategy for engagement in Central Amer-ica. Sec. 10112. Strengthening the rule of law and combating corruption. Sec. 10113. Combating criminal violence and improving citizen security. Sec. 10114. Tackling extreme poverty and ad-vancing economic development. Subtitle B—Conditions, Limitations, and Certifications on United States Assistance Sec. 10121. Assistance funding available without condition. Sec. 10122. Conditions on assistance related to smuggling, screening, and safety of migrants. Sec. 10123. Conditions on assistance related to progress on specific issues. Subtitle C—Effectively Coordinating United States Engagement in Central America Sec. 10131. United States Coordinator for Engagement in Central Amer-ica. Subtitle D—United States Leadership for Engaging International Donors and Partners Sec. 10141. Requirement for strategy to se-cure support of international donors and partners. TITLE XII—CRACKING DOWN ON SMUG-GLERS, CARTELS, AND TRAFFICKERS EXPLOITING CHILDREN AND FAMILIES Subtitle A—Strengthening Cooperation Among Law Enforcement Agencies To Tar-get Smugglers and Traffickers Sec. 10211. Enhanced international coopera-tion to combat human smug-gling and trafficking. Sec. 10212. Enhanced investigation and pros-ecution of human smuggling and trafficking. Sec. 10213. Information campaign on dangers of migration. Subtitle B—Strengthening the Ability of the United States Government To Crack Down on Smugglers, Traffickers, and Drug Car-tels Sec. 10221. Enhanced penalties for organized smuggling schemes. Sec. 10222. Expanding financial sanctions on narcotics trafficking and money laundering. Subtitle C—Creating New Penalties for Hin-dering Immigration, Border, and Customs Controls Sec. 10231. Hindering immigration, border, and customs controls. TITLE XIII—MINIMIZING BORDER CROSS-INGS BY EXPANDING PROCESSING OF REFUGEE CHILDREN AND FAMILIES IN- COUNTRY AND IN THE REGION Subtitle A—Providing Alternative Safe Havens in Mexico and the Region Sec. 10311. Strengthening internal asylum systems in Mexico and other countries. Subtitle B—Expanding Refugee Processing in Mexico and Central America for Third Country Resettlement Sec. 10321. Expanding refugee processing in Mexico and Central America for third country resettlement. Subtitle C—Improving the Efficiency of the Central American Minors Program Sec. 10331. Expansion. Sec. 10332. Expedited processing. Sec. 10333. Referral to UNHCR. TITLE XIV—MONITORING AND SUP-PORTING UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN AFTER PROCESSING AT THE BORDER Sec. 10401. Definitions; authorization of ap-propriations. Subtitle A—Strengthening the Government’s Ability To Oversee the Safety and Well- Being of Children Sec. 10411. Background checks to ensure the safe placement of unaccom-panied alien children. Sec. 10412. Responsibility of sponsor for im-migration court compliance and child well-being. Sec. 10413. Monitoring unaccompanied alien children. Subtitle B—Funding to States and School Districts; Supporting Education and Safety Sec. 10421. Funding to States to conduct State criminal checks and child abuse and neglect checks. Sec. 10422. Funding to school districts for unaccompanied alien children. Sec. 10423. Immediate enrollment of unac-companied alien children in schools. TITLE XV—ENSURING ORDERLY AND HU-MANE MANAGEMENT OF CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SEEKING PROTECTION Subtitle A—Providing a Fair and Efficient Legal Process for Children and Vulnerable Families Seeking Asylum Sec. 10511. Court appearance compliance and legal orientation. Sec. 10512. Fair day in court for kids. Subtitle B—Reducing Significant Delays in Immigration Court Sec. 10521. Eliminate immigration court backlogs. Sec. 10522. Improved training for immigra-tion judges and members of the 
Board of Immigration Appeals. Sec. 10523. New technology to improve court efficiency. Subtitle C—Reducing the Likelihood of Remigration Sec. 10531. Establishing reintegration and monitoring services for repa-triating children. 
SEC. 10002. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Since 2006, incidents of murder, other violent crime, and corruption perpetrated by armed criminal gangs and illicit trafficking organizations have risen alarmingly in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras (referred 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.032 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1177 February 15, 2018 
to in this division as the ‘‘Northern Tri-angle’’). (2) In 2013, Honduras had the highest per capita homicide rate of any nation in the world, with 90.4 murders for every 100,000 people in the country. El Salvador and Gua-temala were in the top 5 countries with the highest per capita homicide rates. (3) Since 2013, El Salvador’s murder rate rose sharply to become the highest of any country in the world in 2015 at 108.5 homi-cides for every 100,000 people, following a dramatic escalation of violence between the country’s 2 largest armed criminal gangs, Mara Salvatrucha (commonly known as ‘‘MS–13’’) and Barrio 18. (4) According to the United Nations Inter-national Children’s Emergency Fund (UNICEF), the per capita homicide rate for children in El Salvador and Guatemala is higher than any other country in the world. In 2014, 27 out of every 100,000 children were murdered in El Salvador. (5) According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Hon-duras and El Salvador have the highest per capita female homicide rates in the world. In 2014, 90 out of every 100,000 females were murdered in Honduras. (6) In April 2016, UNHCR’s spokesperson stated, ‘‘The number of people fleeing vio-lence in Central America has surged to levels not seen since the region was wracked by armed conflicts in the 1980s. Action is ur-gently needed to ensure that unaccompanied children and others receive the protection to which they are entitled.’’. (7) Since 2013, individuals fleeing the Northern Triangle have sought sanctuary in neighboring countries and there has recently been a 1,185 percent increase in the number of asylum applications from citizens of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras to the Governments of Mexico, Panama, Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Belize. (8) Unaccompanied minors from the North-ern Triangle now make up the majority of unaccompanied minors encountered at the international border between the United States and Mexico, with the fastest increase occurring among children younger than 12 years of age. (9) Human smugglers are increasingly re-sponsible for the transit of migrants from the Northern Triangle to the United States. According to the Government Account-ability Office, human smugglers frequently use aggressive and misleading marketing to recruit migrants. (10) Many female migrants face rape and sexual violence during the journey, either from smugglers or others encountered on the route, or risk being trafficked for sex or labor. (11) Challenges to the rule of law in the Northern Triangle have been exacerbated by the limited ability and lack of political will on the part of governments to investigate and prosecute those responsible for murder. In 2014, approximately 95 percent of murders remained unresolved in Honduras and El Sal-vador. (12) The presence of major drug trafficking organizations in the Northern Triangle con-tributes to violence, corruption, and crimi-nality. The 2016 International Narcotics Con-trol Strategy Report prepared by the Depart-ment of State estimated that ‘‘approxi-mately 90 percent of the cocaine trafficked to the United States in the first half of 2015 first transited through the Mexico/Central America corridor’’. (13) Widespread public sector corruption in the Northern Triangle undermines economic and social development and directly affects regional political stability, as demonstrated by the indictment and resignation of former Guatemalan president Otto Perez Molina on corruption charges. (14) Human rights defenders, journalists, trade unionists, social leaders, and LGBT ac-tivists in the Northern Triangle face dire conditions, as evidenced by the March 2016 murder of Honduran activist Berta Ca ´ceres and the targeted killing of more than 200 such civil society leaders since 2006. Almost none of these cases have resulted in convic-tions. (15) The Northern Triangle struggles with high levels of economic insecurity. In 2014, more than 62 percent of Hondurans, more than 59 percent of Guatemalans, and more than 31 percent of Salvadorans lived below the poverty line. (16) Weak investment climates and low lev-els of educational opportunity are barriers to inclusive economic growth and social devel-opment in the Northern Triangle. (17) Although the CAM Program has ap-proval rates of nearly 98 percent, due to lim-ited resources, of the 8,920 children that have applied for humanitarian protection, only 626 have been conditionally approved and only 368 have entered the United States. (18) Approximately 50 percent of unaccom-panied minors facing United States immigra-tion proceedings receive legal representa-tion. Children with legal counsel appeared at their hearings more than 95 percent of the time. (19) As of May 2016, 492,978 cases were pend-ing before immigration courts, with such cases taking an average of 553 days to reach a final decision. 
SEC. 10003. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States must address the vio-lence and humanitarian crisis resulting in the elevated numbers of unaccompanied chil-dren, women, and refugees from the North-ern Triangle arriving at the Southwestern border of the United States; (2) the violence and humanitarian crisis has been prompted by the severe challenges posed by— (A) high rates of homicide, sexual violence, and violent crime perpetrated by armed criminal actors; (B) endemic corruption; and (C) the limited ability and the lack of po-litical will on the part of governments to protect their citizens and uphold the rule of law in the Northern Triangle; (3) the United States must work with international partners— (A) to address the complicated conditions in the Northern Triangle that contribute to the violence and humanitarian crisis; and (B) to protect vulnerable populations, par-ticularly women and children, fleeing vio-lence in the region; (4) the Plan of the Alliance for Prosperity in the Northern Triangle, which was devel-oped by the Governments of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras, with the tech-nical assistance of the Inter-American De-velopment Bank, represents a comprehensive approach to address the complex situation in the Northern Triangle; (5) the U.S. Strategy for Engagement in Central America, as articulated by President Obama and Vice President Biden, provides important support for the Alliance for Pros-perity and other United States national se-curity priorities, including rule of law and anti-corruption initiatives; (6) combating corruption in the Northern Triangle must remain a critical priority and the United Nation’s Commission Against Im-punity in Guatemala (CICIG) and the Organi-zation of American States’ Mission to Sup-port the Fight Against Corruption and Impu-nity in Honduras (MACCIH) are important contributions to this effort; (7) the CAM Program provides a safe, legal, and orderly alternative to children fleeing violence in the Northern Triangle; (8) the United States must— (A) expand the CAM Program to ensure the safe and orderly processing of refugee chil-dren in the region; (B) strengthen internal asylum systems in Mexico and other countries in the region to protect and process eligible children and families, including establishing and expand-ing in-country reception centers; (C) expand access to legal representation for unaccompanied alien children facing United States immigration proceedings; and (D) reduce delays in immigration courts, which contribute to misinformation that mi-grants who come to the United States will not be removed; and (9) it is imperative for the United States to sustain a long-term commitment to address-ing the factors causing Central Americans to flee their countries by strengthening citizen security, the rule of law, democratic govern-ance, the protection of human rights, and in-clusive economic growth in the Northern Triangle. SEC. 10004. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: (1) CAM 
PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘CAM Pro-gram’’ means the Central American Minors Refugee/Parole Program administered by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. (2) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). (3) N
ORTHERN TRIANGLE .—The term ‘‘North-ern Triangle’’ means El Salvador, Guate-mala, and Honduras. (4) P
LACEMENT .—The term ‘‘placement’’ means the placement of an unaccompanied alien child with a sponsor. (5) P
LAN.—The term ‘‘Plan’’ means the Plan of the Alliance for Prosperity in the Northern Triangle. (6) S
PONSOR .—The term ‘‘sponsor’’ means a sponsor referred to in section 462(b)(4) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(b)(4)). (7) U
NACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILD .—The term ‘‘unaccompanied alien child’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 462(g) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g)). TITLE XI—ADVANCING REFORMS IN CEN-TRAL AMERICA TO ADDRESS THE FAC-TORS DRIVING MIGRATION Subtitle A—Strengthening the Capacity of Central American Governments To Protect and Provide for Their Own People 
SEC. 10111. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-TIONS FOR UNITED STATES STRAT-EGY FOR ENGAGEMENT IN CENTRAL AMERICA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated $1,040,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 to carry out the United States Strategy for Engagement in Central America, as de-fined by the objectives set forth in sub-section (b). Amounts appropriated pursuant to this subsection shall remain available until expended. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts appropriated pursuant to subsection (a) may be made available for assistance to Central American countries to implement the United States Strategy for Engagement in Central America in support of the Plan, including efforts— (1) to strengthen the rule of law and bol-ster the effectiveness of judicial systems, public prosecutors’ offices, and civilian po-lice forces; (2) to combat corruption and improve pub-lic sector transparency; (3) to confront and counter the violence and crime perpetrated by armed criminal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.033 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1178 February 15, 2018 
gangs, illicit trafficking organizations, and organized crime; (4) to disrupt money laundering operations and the illicit financial networks of armed criminal gangs, illicit trafficking organiza-tions, and human smugglers; (5) to strengthen democratic governance and promote greater respect for internation-ally recognized human rights, labor rights, fundamental freedoms, and the media; (6) to enhance the capability of Central American governments to protect and pro-vide for vulnerable and at-risk populations; (7) to address the underlying causes of pov-erty and inequality; and (8) to address the constraints to inclusive economic growth in Central America. (c) P
RIORITIZATION .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment shall prioritize the provision of assist-ance authorized under this section to address the key factors in Central American coun-tries that contribute to the flight of unac-companied alien children and other individ-uals to the United States. 
SEC. 10112. STRENGTHENING THE RULE OF LAW AND COMBATING CORRUPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts appro-priated pursuant to section 10111(a), $260,000,000 may be made available to the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to strengthen the rule of law, combat corruption, consolidate democratic governance, and defend human rights. (b) A
SSISTANCE FOR CENTRAL AMERICA .— The Secretary and the Administrator may use the amounts made available under sub-section (a) to provide assistance for Central American countries through the activities described in subsection (c). (c) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Activities de-scribed in this section include— (1) strengthening the rule of law in Central American countries by providing support for— (A) the Office of the Attorney General and public prosecutors in each such country, in-cluding the enhancement of their forensics and communications interception capabili-ties; (B) reforms leading to independent, merit- based, selection processes for judges and prosecutors, and relevant ethics and profes-sional training; (C) the improvement of victim and witness protection; and (D) the reform and improvement of prison facilities and management; (2) combating corruption by providing sup-port for— (A) inspectors general and oversight insti-tutions, including relevant training for in-spectors and auditors; (B) international commissions against im-punity, including the International Commis-sion Against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG) and the Support Mission Against Corruption and Impunity in Honduras (MACCIH); (C) civil society watchdogs conducting oversight of executive branch officials and functions, police and security forces, and ju-dicial officials and public prosecutors; and (D) the enhancement of freedom of infor-mation mechanisms; (3) consolidating democratic governance by providing support for— (A) the reform of civil services, related training programs, and relevant career laws and processes that lead to independent, merit-based selection processes; (B) national legislatures and their capacity to conduct oversight of executive branch functions; (C) the reform of political party and cam-paign finance laws; and (D) local governments and their capacity to provide critical safety, education, health, and sanitation services to citizens; and (4) defending human rights by providing support for— (A) human rights ombudsman offices; (B) government protection programs that provide physical protection to human rights defenders, journalists, trade unionists, and civil society activists at risk; (C) civil society organizations that pro-mote and defend human rights, freedom of expression, freedom of the press, labor rights, and LGBT rights; and (D) civil society organizations that address sexual, domestic, and inter-partner violence against women and protect victims of such violence. SEC. 10113. COMBATING CRIMINAL VIOLENCE AND IMPROVING CITIZEN SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts appro-priated pursuant to section 10111(a), $260,000,000 may be made available to the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to counter the violence and crime perpetrated by armed criminal gangs, illicit trafficking organizations and human smugglers. (b) A
SSISTANCE FOR CENTRAL AMERICA .— The Secretary and the Administrator may use the amounts made available under sub-section (a) to provide assistance for Central American countries through the activities described in subsection (c). (c) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Activities de-scribed in this section include— (1) professionalizing civilian police forces by providing support for— (A) the reform of personnel vetting and dis-missal processes, including the enhancement of polygraph capability for use in such proc-esses; (B) inspectors general and oversight of-fices, including relevant training for inspec-tors and auditors; (C) community policing policies and pro-grams; (D) the establishment of special vetted units; (E) training on the appropriate use of force and human rights; (F) training on civilian intelligence collec-tion, investigative techniques, forensic anal-ysis, and evidence preservation; and (G) equipment, such as nonintrusive in-spection equipment and communications interception technology; (2) countering illicit trafficking by pro-viding assistance to the civilian law enforce-ment and armed forces of Central American countries, including support for— (A) the establishment of special vetted units; (B) the enhancement of intelligence collec-tion capacity; (C) the reform of personnel vetting and dis-missal processes, including the enhancement of polygraph capability for use in such proc-esses; and (D) port, airport, and border security equipment, including— (i) computer infrastructure and data man-agement systems; (ii) secure communications technologies; (iii) communications interception tech-nology; (iv) nonintrusive inspection equipment; and (v) radar and aerial surveillance equip-ment; (3) disrupting illicit financial networks by providing support for— (A) finance ministries, including the en-hancement of the capacity to use financial sanctions to block the assets of individuals and organizations involved in money laun-dering and the financing of armed criminal gangs, illicit trafficking networks, human smugglers, and organized crime; (B) financial intelligence units, including the establishment and enhancement of anti- money laundering programs; and (C) the reform of bank secrecy laws; and (4) improving crime prevention by pro-viding support for— (A) programs that address domestic vio-lence and violence against women; (B) the enhancement of programs for at- risk and criminal-involved youth, including the improvement of community centers; and (C) alternative livelihood programs. (d) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) operational technology transferred to governments in Central America for intel-ligence or law enforcement purposes should be used solely for the purposes for which the technology was intended; and (2) the United States should take all nec-essary steps to ensure that the use of oper-ation technology described in paragraph (1) is consistent with United States law, includ-ing protections of freedom of expression, freedom of movement, and freedom of asso-ciation. 
SEC. 10114. TACKLING EXTREME POVERTY AND ADVANCING ECONOMIC DEVELOP-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts appro-priated pursuant to section 10111(a), $230,000,000 may be made available to the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development— (1) to address the underlying causes of pov-erty and inequality; and (2) to improve economic development. (b) A
SSISTANCE FOR CENTRAL AMERICA .— The Secretary and the Administrator may use the amounts made available under sub-section (a) to provide assistance for Central American countries through the activities described in subsection (c). (c) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Activities de-scribed in this section include— (1) strengthening human capital by pro-viding support for— (A) workforce development and entrepre-neurship training programs that are driven by market demand, specifically programs that prioritize women, at-risk youth, and minorities; (B) improving early-grade literacy and the improvement of primary and secondary school curricula; (C) relevant professional training for teachers and educational administrators; and (D) educational policy reform and improve-ment of education sector budgeting; (2) enhancing economic competitiveness and investment climate by providing support for— (A) small business development centers and programs that strengthen supply chain integration; (B) trade facilitation and customs harmo-nization programs; (C) reducing energy costs through invest-ments in clean technologies and the reform of energy policies and regulations; (D) the improvement of protections for in-vestors, including dispute resolution and ar-bitration mechanisms; and (E) the improvement of labor and environ-mental standards, in accordance with the Dominican Republic–Central America Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA–DR); (3) strengthening food security by pro-viding support for— (A) small-scale agriculture, including tech-nical training and programs that facilitate access to credit; (B) agricultural value chain development for farming communities; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.033 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1179 February 15, 2018 
(C) nutrition programs to reduce childhood stunting rates; and (D) investment in scientific research on climate change and climate resiliency; and (4) improving the state of fiscal and finan-cial affairs by providing support for— (A) domestic revenue generation, including programs to improve tax administration, collection, and enforcement; (B) strengthening public sector financial management, including strategic budgeting and expenditure tracking; and (C) reform of customs and procurement policies and processes. Subtitle B—Conditions, Limitations, and Certifications on United States Assistance 
SEC. 10121. ASSISTANCE FUNDING AVAILABLE WITHOUT CONDITION. 
The Secretary of State may obligate up to 25 percent of the amounts appropriated pur-suant to section 10111(a) to carry out the United States Strategy for Engagement in Central America in support of the Plan. 
SEC. 10122. CONDITIONS ON ASSISTANCE RE-LATED TO SMUGGLING, SCREENING, AND SAFETY OF MIGRANTS. 
(a) N OTIFICATION AND COOPERATION .—In ad- dition to the amounts authorized to be obli-gated under sections 10121 and 10123, the Sec-retary of State may obligate an additional 25 percent of the amounts appropriated pursu-ant to section 10111(a) for assistance to the Government of El Salvador, the Government of Guatemala, and the Government of Hon-duras after the Secretary of State, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, certifies and reports to Congress that such governments are taking effective steps, in addition to steps taken during pre-vious years, to— (1) combat human smuggling and traf-ficking, including investigating, prosecuting, and increasing penalties for individuals re-sponsible for such crimes; (2) improve border security and border screening to detect and deter illicit smug-gling and trafficking, while respecting the rights of individuals fleeing violence and seeking humanitarian protection asylum, in accordance with international law; (3) cooperate with United States Govern-ment agencies and other governments in the region to facilitate the safe and timely repa-triation of migrants who do not qualify for refugee or other protected status, in accord-ance with international law; (4) improve reintegration services for repa-triated migrants in a manner that ensures the safety and well-being of the individual and reduces the likelihood of remigration; and (5) cooperate with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to improve pro-tections for, and the processing of, vulner-able populations, particularly women and children fleeing violence. 
SEC. 10123. CONDITIONS ON ASSISTANCE RE-LATED TO PROGRESS ON SPECIFIC ISSUES. 
(a) E FFECTIVE IMPLEMENTATION .—In addi- tion to the amounts authorized to be obli-gated under sections 10121 and 10122, the Sec-retary of State may obligate an additional 50 percent of the amounts appropriated pursu-ant to section 10111 for assistance to the Government of El Salvador, the Government of Guatemala, and the Government of Hon-duras after the Secretary consults with, and subsequently certifies and reports to, the ap-propriate congressional committees that such governments are taking effective steps in their respective countries, in addition to steps taken during the previous calendar year, to— (1) establish an autonomous, publicly ac-countable entity to provide oversight of the Plan; (2) combat corruption, including inves-tigating and prosecuting government offi-cials, military personnel, and civil police of-ficers credibly alleged to be corrupt; (3) implement reforms and strengthen the rule of law, including increasing the capacity and independence of the judiciary and public prosecutors; (4) counter the activities of armed criminal gangs, illicit trafficking networks, and orga-nized crime; (5) establish and implement a plan to cre-ate a professional, accountable civilian po-lice force and curtail the role of the military in internal policing; (6) investigate and prosecute, through the civilian justice system, military and police personnel who are credibly alleged to have violated human rights, and to ensure that the military and the police are cooperating in such cases; (7) cooperate with international commis-sions against impunity, as appropriate, and with regional human rights entities; (8) implement reforms related to improv-ing the transparency of financing political campaigns and political parties; (9) protect the right of political opposition parties, journalists, trade unionists, human rights defenders, and other civil society ac-tivists to operate without interference; (10) increase government revenues, includ-ing by enhancing tax collection, strength-ening customs agencies, and reforming pro-curement processes; (11) implement reforms to strengthen edu-cational systems, vocational training pro-grams, and programs for at-risk youth; (12) resolve commercial disputes, including the confiscation of real property, between United States entities and the respective governments; and (13) implement a policy by which local communities, civil society organizations (in-cluding indigenous and marginalized groups), and local governments are consulted in the design, implementation and evaluation of the activities of the Plan that affect such communities, organizations, or governments. Subtitle C—Effectively Coordinating United States Engagement in Central America SEC. 10131. UNITED STATES COORDINATOR FOR ENGAGEMENT IN CENTRAL AMER-ICA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall designate a senior offi-cial to coordinate all of the Federal Govern-ment’s efforts and the efforts of inter-national partners to strengthen citizen secu-rity, the rule of law, and economic pros-perity in Central America and to protect vul-nerable populations in the region. (b) S
UPERVISION .—The official designated under subsection (a) shall report directly to the President. (c) D
UTIES .—The official designated under subsection (a) shall coordinate all of the ef-forts, activities, and programs related to United States engagement in Central Amer-ica, including— (1) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of Justice (including the Federal Bureau of Investigation), the De-partment of Homeland Security, the intel-ligence community, and international part-ners regarding United States efforts to con-front armed criminal gangs, illicit traf-ficking networks, and organized crime re-sponsible for high levels of violence, extor-tion, and corruption in Central America; (2) coordinating with the Department of State, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and international partners regarding United States efforts to prevent and mitigate the effects of violent criminal gangs and transnational criminal organizations on vulnerable Central Amer-ican populations, including women and chil-dren; (3) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and international partners regarding United States efforts to counter human smugglers illegally transporting Central American migrants to the United States; (4) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and international partners, including the United Nations High Commissions for Refugees, to increase pro-tections for vulnerable Central American populations, improve refugee processing, and strengthen asylum systems throughout the region; (5) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of Defense, the De-partment of Justice (including the Drug En-forcement Administration), the Department of the Treasury, the intelligence community, and international partners regarding United States efforts to combat illicit narcotics traffickers, interdict transshipments of il-licit narcotics, and disrupt the financing of the illicit narcotics trade; (6) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of the Treasury, the Department of Justice, the intelligence com-munity, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and international partners regarding United States efforts to combat corruption, money laundering, and illicit financial networks; (7) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of Justice, the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, and international partners regarding United States efforts to strengthen the rule of law, democratic governance, and human rights protections; and (8) coordinating with the Department of State, the Department of Agriculture, the United States Agency for International De-velopment, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, the United States Trade and Development Agency, the Department of Labor, and international partners, including the Inter-American Development Bank, to strengthen the foundation for inclusive eco-nomic growth and improve food security, in-vestment climate, and protections for labor rights. (d) CONSULTATION .—The official designated under subsection (a) shall consult with Con-gress, multilateral organizations and institu-tions, foreign governments, and domestic and international civil society organiza-tions. Subtitle D—United States Leadership for Engaging International Donors and Partners 
SEC. 10141. REQUIREMENT FOR STRATEGY TO SE-CURE SUPPORT OF INTERNATIONAL DONORS AND PARTNERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a 3-year strategy to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) describes how the United States will se-cure support from international donors and regional partners (including Colombia and Mexico) for the implementation of the Plan; (2) identifies governments that are willing to provide financial and technical assistance for the implementation of the Plan and a de-scription of such assistance; and (3) identifies the financial and technical assistance to be provided by multilateral in-stitutions, including the Inter-American De-velopment Bank, the World Bank, the Inter-national Monetary Fund, the Andean Devel-opment Corporation—Development Bank of Latin America, and the Organization of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.033 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1180 February 15, 2018 
American States, and a description of such assistance. (b) D
IPLOMATIC ENGAGEMENT AND COORDI -
NATION .—The Secretary of State, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of the Treasury, as appropriate, shall— (1) carry out diplomatic engagement to se-cure contributions of financial and technical assistance from international donors and partners in support of the Plan; and (2) take all necessary steps to ensure effec-tive cooperation among international donors and partners supporting the Plan. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after submitting the strategy submitted under subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees that describes— (1) the progress made in implementing the strategy; and (2) the financial and technical assistance provided by international donors and part-ners, including the multilateral institutions listed in subsection (a)(3). (d) B
RIEFINGS .—Upon a request from one of the appropriate congressional committees, the Secretary of State shall provide a brief-ing to the committee that describes the progress made in implementing the strategy submitted under subsection (a). (e) D
EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. TITLE XII—CRACKING DOWN ON SMUG-GLERS, CARTELS, AND TRAFFICKERS EXPLOITING CHILDREN AND FAMILIES Subtitle A—Strengthening Cooperation Among Law Enforcement Agencies To Tar-get Smugglers and Traffickers 
SEC. 10211. ENHANCED INTERNATIONAL CO-OPERATION TO COMBAT HUMAN SMUGGLING AND TRAFFICKING. 
(a) P ARTNERSHIP EXPANSION .—The Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, shall ex-pand partnership efforts with law enforce-ment entities in El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Mexico seeking to combat human smuggling and trafficking in those countries, including— (1) the creation or expansion of transnational criminal investigative units to identify, disrupt, and prosecute human smuggling and trafficking operations; (2) participation by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Department of Justice in the Bilateral Human Trafficking Enforcement Initiative with their Mexican law enforcement counterparts; and (3) advanced training programs for inves-tigators and prosecutors from El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Mexico. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out sub-section (a). 
SEC. 10212. ENHANCED INVESTIGATION AND PROSECUTION OF HUMAN SMUG-GLING AND TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall expand collaborative programs aimed at investigating and prosecuting human smugglers and traffickers targeting Central American children and families and oper-ating at the Southwestern border, including the continuation and expansion of anti-traf-ficking coordination teams. (b) H
OMELAND SECURITY INVESTIGATIONS .— The Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Director of U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement, shall in-crease the resources available to Homeland Security Investigations to facilitate the ex-pansion of its smuggling and trafficking in-vestigations. (c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out sub-sections (a) and (b). 
SEC. 10213. INFORMATION CAMPAIGN ON DAN-GERS OF MIGRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, shall design and implement public information campaigns in El Sal-vador, Guatemala, and Honduras— (1) to disseminate information about the dangers of travel across Mexico to the United States; and (2) to combat misinformation about United States immigration law or policy. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The information cam-paigns implemented pursuant to subsection (a) shall, to the greatest extent possible— (1) be targeted at populations and local-ities with high migration rates; (2) employ a variety of communications media; and (3) be developed in consultation with pro-gram officials at the Department of Home-land Security, the Department of State, or other government, nonprofit, or academic entities in close contact with migrant popu-lations from El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras, including repatriated migrants. Subtitle B—Strengthening the Ability of the United States Government To Crack Down on Smugglers, Traffickers, and Drug Car-tels 
SEC. 10221. ENHANCED PENALTIES FOR ORGA-NIZED SMUGGLING SCHEMES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 274(a)(1)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324(a)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (iii) and (iv) as clauses (iv) and (v), respectively; (2) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) in the case of a violation of subpara-graph (A)(i) during and in relation to which the person, while acting for profit or other financial gain, knowingly directs or partici-pates in an effort or scheme to assist or cause 10 or more persons (other than a par-ent, spouse, or child of the offender) to enter or to attempt to enter the United States at the same time at a place other than a des-ignated port of entry or place other than des-ignated by the Secretary, be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both;’’; and (3) in clause (iv), as redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘commits or attempts to commit sexual assault of,’’ after ‘‘section 1365 of title 18, United States Code) to,’’. (b) B
ULK CASH SMUGGLING .—Section 5332(b)(1) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘T
ERM OF IMPRISONMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘I N 
GENERAL ’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, fined under title 18, or both’’ after ‘‘5 years’’. 
SEC. 10222. EXPANDING FINANCIAL SANCTIONS ON NARCOTICS TRAFFICKING AND MONEY LAUNDERING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) In July 2011, President Obama released ‘‘Strategy to Combat Transnational Orga-nized Crime’’, which articulates a multi-dimensional response to combat transnational organized crime, including drug trafficking networks, armed criminal gangs, and money laundering. (2) The Strategy calls for expanded efforts to dismantle illicit financial networks, in-cluding through maximizing the use of the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (21 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.). (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Senate should imme-diately confirm pending nominations to key national security positions, including Mr. Adam Szubin, who was nominated by Presi-dent Obama on April 16, 2015, to the position of Undersecretary for Terrorism and Finan-cial Crimes within the Department of the Treasury, a critical position focused on iden-tifying and confronting illicit financial net-works. (c) F
INANCIAL SANCTIONS EXPANSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury, the Attorney General, the Sec-retary of State, the Secretary of Defense, and the Director of Central Intelligence shall expand investigations, intelligence collec-tion, and analysis pursuant to the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act to in-crease the identification and application of sanctions against— (A) significant foreign narcotics traf-fickers, their organizations and networks; and (B) the foreign persons who provide mate-rial, financial, or technological support to such traffickers, organizations, and net-works. (2) T
ARGETS .—The efforts described in paragraph (1) shall specifically target foreign narcotics traffickers, their organizations and networks, and the foreign persons who pro-vide material, financial, or technological support to such traffickers, organizations and networks that are present and operating in Central or South America. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out sub-section (c). Subtitle C—Creating New Penalties for Hin-dering Immigration, Border, and Customs Controls 
SEC. 10231. HINDERING IMMIGRATION, BORDER, AND CUSTOMS CONTROLS. 
(a) I MMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT.— The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 274D the following: 
‘‘SEC. 274E. HINDERING IMMIGRATION, BORDER, AND CUSTOMS CONTROLS. 
‘‘(a) I LLICIT SPOTTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful to knowingly surveil, track, monitor, or trans-mit the location, movement, or activities of any officer or employee of a Federal, State, or tribal law enforcement agency— ‘‘(A) with the intent to gain financially; and ‘‘(B) in furtherance of any violation of the immigration laws, the customs and trade laws of the United States (as defined in sec-tion 2 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 125)), any other Federal law relating to transporting controlled substances, agri-culture, or monetary instruments into the United States, or any Federal law relating to border controls measures of the United States. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘(b) D
ESTRUCTION OF UNITED STATES BOR-
DERCONTROLS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful to knowingly and without lawful authoriza-tion— ‘‘(A) destroy or significantly damage any fence, barrier, sensor, camera, or other phys-ical or electronic device deployed by the Federal Government to control an inter-national border of, or a port of entry to, the United States; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.033 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1181 February 15, 2018 
‘‘(B) otherwise seek to construct, excavate, or make any structure intended to defeat, circumvent or evade such a fence, barrier, sensor camera, or other physical or elec-tronic device deployed by the Federal Gov-ernment to control an international border of, or a port of entry to, the United States. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 274D the following: ‘‘Sec. 274E. Hindering immigration, border, and customs controls.’’. TITLE XIII—MINIMIZING BORDER CROSS-INGS BY EXPANDING PROCESSING OF REFUGEE CHILDREN AND FAMILIES IN- COUNTRY AND IN THE REGION Subtitle A—Providing Alternative Safe Havens in Mexico and the Region 
SEC. 10311. STRENGTHENING INTERNAL ASYLUM SYSTEMS IN MEXICO AND OTHER COUNTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security, shall work with international partners, including the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, to support and provide technical assistance to strengthen the domestic capacity of Mexico and other countries in the region to provide asylum to eligible children and families by— (1) establishing and expanding temporary and long-term in-country reception centers and shelter capacity to meet the humani-tarian needs of those seeking asylum or other forms of international protection; (2) improving the asylum registration sys-tem to ensure that all individuals seeking asylum or other humanitarian protection— (A) are properly screened for security, in-cluding biographic and biometric capture; (B) receive due process and meaningful ac-cess to existing legal protections; and (C) receive proper documents in order to prevent fraud and ensure freedom of move-ment and access to basic social services; (3) creating or expanding a corps of trained asylum officers capable of evaluating and de-ciding individual asylum claims consistent with international law and obligations; and (4) developing the capacity to conduct best interest determinations for unaccompanied alien children to ensure that their needs are properly met, which may include family re-unification or resettlement based on inter-national protection needs. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall sub-mit a report that describes the plans of the Secretary of State to assist in developing the asylum processing capabilities described in subsection (a) to— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (3) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (4) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (5) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and (6) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out sub-section (a). Subtitle B—Expanding Refugee Processing in Mexico and Central America for Third Country Resettlement SEC. 10321. EXPANDING REFUGEE PROCESSING IN MEXICO AND CENTRAL AMERICA FOR THIRD COUNTRY RESETTLE-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security, shall coordinate with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refu-gees to support and provide technical assist-ance to the Government of Mexico and the governments of other countries in the region to increase access to global resettlement for eligible children and families with protec-tion needs by— (1) establishing and expanding in-country refugee reception centers to meet the hu-manitarian needs of those seeking inter-national protection; (2) improving the refugee registration sys-tem to ensure that all refugees— (A) are properly screened for security, in-cluding biographic and biometric capture; (B) receive due process and meaningful ac-cess to existing legal protections; and (C) receive proper documents in order to prevent fraud and ensure freedom of move-ment and access to basic social services; (3) creating or expanding a corps of trained refugee officers capable of evaluating and de-ciding individual claims for protection, con-sistent with international law and obliga-tions; and (4) developing the capacity to conduct best interest determinations for unaccompanied alien children to ensure that— (A) such children with international pro-tection needs are properly registered; and (B) their needs are properly met, which may include family reunification or resettle-ment based on international protection needs. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall sub-mit a report to the committees listed in sec-tion 10311(b) that describes the plans of the Secretary of State to assist in developing the refugee processing capabilities described in subsection (a). (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out sub-section (a). Subtitle C—Improving the Efficiency of the Central American Minors Program 
SEC. 10331. EXPANSION. 
The Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services shall increase the resources directed to the CAM Program, including— (1) increasing the number of refugee offi-cers available for in-country processing; and (2) establishing additional site locations. 
SEC. 10332. EXPEDITED PROCESSING. 
Not later than 180 days after receiving a completed application from an unaccom-panied alien child seeking protection under the CAM Program, the Director of U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services shall make a final determination on such applica-tion unless the security screening for such child cannot be completed during the 180-day period. 
SEC. 10333. REFERRAL TO UNHCR. 
The Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services or the Assistant Secretary of State for the Bureau of Population, Refu-gees, and Migration shall refer any child who is the proposed beneficiary of an application under the CAM Program and is facing imme-diate risk of harm to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees for registra-tion and safe passage to an established emer-gency transit center for refugees. TITLE XIV—MONITORING AND SUP-PORTING UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN AFTER PROCESSING AT THE BORDER SEC. 10401. DEFINITIONS; AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this title: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—Except as otherwise in-dicated, the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Health and Human Services. (2) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Refugee Reset-tlement of the Department. (3) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). (4) R
ESIDENT ADULT .—The term ‘‘resident adult’’ means any individual age 18 or older who regularly lives, shares common areas, and sleeps in a sponsor or prospective spon-sor’s home. (5) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise indi-cated, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this title. Subtitle A—Strengthening the Government’s Ability To Oversee the Safety and Well- Being of Children 
SEC. 10411. BACKGROUND CHECKS TO ENSURE THE SAFE PLACEMENT OF UNAC-COMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN. 
(a) C RIMINAL AND CIVILRECORD CHECKS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—In carrying out the functions transferred to the Director under section 462(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(a)), from amounts appro-priated pursuant to section 10401(b) to carry out this section, the Director shall perform, consistent with best practices in the field of child welfare, and a prospective sponsor and all resident adults in the home of the pro-spective sponsor shall submit to the fol-lowing record checks (which shall be com-pleted as expeditiously as possible): (A) Fingerprint-based checks (except as de-scribed in paragraph (2)) in national crime information databases, as defined in section 534(e)(3) of title 28, United States Code. (B) A search of the State criminal registry or repository for any State (except as de-scribed in paragraph (3)) in which the pro-spective sponsor or resident adult has re-sided during the 5 years preceding the search. (C) A search of the National Sex Offender Registry established under section 119 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16919). (D) A search (except as described in para-graphs (2) and (3)) of State-based child abuse and neglect registries and databases for any State in which the prospective sponsor or resident adult has resided during the 5 years preceding the search. (2) P
ARENTS AND GUARDIANS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), if the prospective sponsor is the parent or guardian of the child involved, the Director shall have discretion to deter-mine whether the Director shall perform, and the prospective sponsor and resident adults described in paragraph (1) shall sub-mit to, a check described in subparagraph (A) or (D) of paragraph (1). (3) W
AIVERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that it is not feasible to conduct the check described in subparagraph (B) or (D) of paragraph (1) for a State, including infeasi-bility due to a State’s refusal or nonresponse in response to a request for related informa-tion, or that the average time to receive re-sults from a State for such a check is more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.033 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1182 February 15, 2018 
than 10 business days, the Secretary may waive the requirements of that subparagraph with respect to the State involved for a pe-riod of not more than 1 year. The Secretary may renew the waiver in accordance with this subparagraph. (B) P
ROHIBITION ON DELEGATION .—The Sec- retary may not delegate the responsibility under subparagraph (A) to another officer or employee of the Department. (C) S
TATES WHERE WAIVERS APPLY .—The Secretary shall make available, on a website of the Department, the list of States for which the requirements of subparagraph (B) or (D) of paragraph (1) are waived under this paragraph. (4) U
SE OF RECORD CHECKS .—The informa-tion revealed by a record check performed pursuant to this section shall be used only by the Director for the purpose of deter-mining whether a potential sponsor is a suit-able sponsor for a placement for an unaccom-panied alien child. (b) P
LACEMENT DETERMINATIONS GEN-
ERALLY .— (1) D
ENIALS REQUIRED FOR CERTAIN  
CRIMES .—The Director shall deny any place-ment for a prospective sponsor (other than the parent or guardian of the child involved), and may deny any placement for a prospec-tive sponsor who is the parent or guardian of the child involved subject to subsection (c), if the record checks performed pursuant to this section reveal that the prospective spon-sor or a resident adult in the home of the prospective sponsor was convicted at age 18 or older of a crime that is a felony consisting of any of the following: (A) Domestic violence, stalking, child abuse, child neglect, or child abandonment, if the prospective sponsor or resident adult served at least 1 year imprisonment for a crime specified in this subparagraph, or if the prospective sponsor or resident adult was convicted of 2 or more crimes specified in this subparagraph, not arising out of a single scheme of criminal misconduct. (B) A crime against a child involving por-nography. (C) Human trafficking. (D) Rape or sexual assault. (E) Homicide. (2) D
ENIALS CONSIDERED FOR CERTAIN OF -
FENSES .—The Director may deny a place-ment for a prospective sponsor if the record checks performed pursuant to this section reveal that the prospective sponsor or a resi-dent adult in the home of a prospective spon-sor was adjudged guilty of a civil offense or was convicted of a crime not covered by paragraph (1). The Director, in making a de-termination about whether to approve or deny the placement, shall consider all of the following factors: (A) The type of offense. (B) The number of offenses the sponsor or resident adult has been adjudged guilty or convicted of. (C) The length of time that has elapsed since the adjudication or conviction. (D) The nature of the offense. (E) The age of the individual at the time of the adjudication or conviction. (F) The relationship between the offense and the capacity to care for a child. (G) Evidence of rehabilitation of the indi-vidual. (H) Opinions of community and family members concerning the individual. (c) P
LACEMENT DETERMINATIONS CON-
CERNING PARENTS OR GUARDIANS .—The Direc-tor may deny a placement for a prospective sponsor who is the parent or guardian of the child involved if the record checks performed pursuant to this section reveal that the pro-spective sponsor or a resident adult in the home of a prospective sponsor was adjudged guilty of a civil offense or was convicted of a crime. The Director, in making a deter-mination about whether to approve or deny the placement, shall consider all of the fac-tors described in subsection (b)(2). (d) APPEALS PROCESS .— (1) I
NFORMATION .—The Secretary shall pro-vide information to each prospective sponsor on how such sponsor may appeal— (A) a placement determination under this section, including— (i) prompt notice of the opportunity to so appeal; and (ii) instructions about how to participate in the appeals process; and (B) the results of a record check performed pursuant to this section or the accuracy or completeness of the information yielded by the record check, as provided in paragraph (2), including— (i) prompt notice of the opportunity to so appeal; and (ii) instructions about how to participate in the appeals process. (2) A
PPEAL .—Each Federal agency respon-sible for administering or maintaining the information in a database, registry, or repos-itory used in a record check performed pur-suant to this section or responsible for the accuracy or completeness of the information yielded by the record check shall— (A) establish a process for an appeal con-cerning the results of that record check, or that accuracy or completeness; and (B) complete such process not later than 30 days after the date on which such an appeal is filed. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit the Director from establishing additional checks or procedures (besides the checks re-quired in this section) for sponsors, to enable the Director to— (1) oversee and promote the health, safety, and well-being of unaccompanied alien chil-dren; or (2) prevent the exploitation, neglect, or abuse of unaccompanied alien children. 
SEC. 10412. RESPONSIBILITY OF SPONSOR FOR IMMIGRATION COURT COMPLIANCE AND CHILD WELL-BEING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Using amounts appro-priated pursuant to section 10401(b) to carry out this section, the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Attorney General, shall estab-lish procedures to ensure that legal orienta-tion programs regarding immigration court and rights and responsibilities for the well- being of unaccompanied alien children are provided to all prospective sponsors of unac-companied alien children prior to an unac-companied alien child’s placement with such a sponsor. (b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—The procedures described in subsection (a) shall include a re-quirement that each legal orientation pro-gram described in such subsection shall pro-vide information on the sponsor’s rights and responsibilities to— (1) ensure the unaccompanied alien child appears at immigration proceedings and communicate with the court involved re-garding the child’s change of address and other relevant information; (2) immediately enroll the child in school, and shall provide information and resources if the sponsor encounters difficulty enrolling such child in school; (3) provide access to health care, including mental health care as needed, and any nec-essary age-appropriate health screening to the child; (4) report potential child traffickers and other persons seeking to victimize or exploit unaccompanied alien children, or otherwise engage such children in criminal, harmful, or dangerous activity; (5) seek assistance from the Department regarding the health, safety, and well-being of the child placed with the sponsor; and (6) file a complaint, if necessary, with the Secretary or the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity regarding treatment of unaccom-panied alien children while under the care of the Office of Refugee Resettlement or the Department of Homeland Security, respec-tively. SEC. 10413. MONITORING UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN. 
(a) R ISK-BASED POST-PLACEMENT SERV-
ICES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Using amounts appro-priated pursuant to section 10401(b) to carry out this section, the Secretary shall, to as-sist each unaccompanied alien child in a placement with a sponsor— (A) complete an individualized assessment of the need for services to be provided after placement; and (B) provide such post-placement services during the pendency of removal proceedings or until no longer necessary. (2) M
INIMUM SERVICES .—For the purposes of paragraph (1), the services shall, at a min-imum, include— (A) for the unaccompanied alien child, at least one post-placement case management services visit within 30 days after placement with a sponsor and the referral of unaccom-panied alien children to service providers in the community; and (B) for the family of the child’s sponsor, orientation and other functional family sup-port services, as determined to be necessary in the individualized assessment. (b) E
FFECTIVE USE OF CHILD ADVOCATES  
FOR THE MOSTVULNERABLE UNACCOMPANIED  A
LIEN CHILDREN .—The Secretary shall— (1) direct the Director— (A) to identify and track the referral rates of unaccompanied alien children to child ad-vocates by care providers and investigate in-stances in which such a rate is low; (B) to ensure that the referral criteria es-tablished by the Director are appropriately applied when a care provider determines if such a child is eligible for referral to a child advocate; (C) to provide technical assistance to care providers to ensure compliance with such criteria; and (D) to establish a process for stakeholders and the public to refer unaccompanied alien children, including those placed with a spon-sor, to the child advocate program to deter-mine if such child meets the referral criteria for appointment of a child advocate; and (2) ensure that each child advocate for an unaccompanied alien child shall— (A) be provided access to materials nec-essary to advocate effectively for the best in-terest of the child, including direct access to significant incident reports, home studies, and similar materials and information; and (B) be notified when new materials and in-formation described in subparagraph (A) re-lating to the child are created or become available. Subtitle B—Funding to States and School Districts; Supporting Education and Safety 
SEC. 10421. FUNDING TO STATES TO CONDUCT STATE CRIMINAL CHECKS AND CHILD ABUSE AND NEGLECT CHECKS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States of the United States and the District of Columbia. (b) P
AYMENTS TO STATES TOCONDUCT  S
TATE CRIMINAL REGISTRY OR REPOSITORY  S
EARCHES AND TOCONDUCT CHILD ABUSE AND  N
EGLECT CHECKS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Using amounts appro-priated pursuant to section 10401(b) to carry out this section, the Secretary shall, in ac-cordance with this subsection, make pay-ments to States, through each agency in each State tasked with administering the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.033 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1183 February 15, 2018 
State criminal registry or repository re-quired under section 10411(a)(1)(B) or the State child abuse and neglect registry re-quired under section 10411(a)(1)(D), to assist with searches of such registries, repositories, or databases for prospective sponsors of un-accompanied alien children and resident adults in the home of such prospective spon-sors, in accordance with section 10411. (2) A
LLOTMENTS .— (A) S
TATE CRIMINAL REGISTRY AND REPOSI -
TORY SEARCHES .—In each fiscal year, using amounts appropriated pursuant to section 10401(b) to carry out this section with re-spect to the program providing payments to States to assist with criminal registry or re-pository searches, the Secretary shall allot to each State participating in such program, through the agency in each such State tasked with administering the State crimi-nal registry or repository described in sec-tion 10411(a)(1)(B), an amount that bears the same relationship to such funds as the num-ber of searches of such State criminal reg-istry or repository conducted in accordance with section 10411(a)(1)(B) in the State bears to the total number of such searches in all States participating in the program. (B) C
HILD ABUSE AND NEGLECT CHECKS .—In each fiscal year, using amounts appropriated pursuant to section 10401(b) to carry out this section with respect to the program pro-viding payments to States to assist with child abuse and neglect registry and data-base searches, the Secretary shall allot to each State participating in such program, through the agency in each such State tasked with administering the State child abuse and neglect registries and databases described in section 10411(a)(1)(D), an amount that bears the same relationship to such funds as the number of searches of such child abuse and neglect registries and databases conducted in accordance with section 10411(a)(1)(D) in the State bears to the total number of such searches in all States par-ticipating in the program. (C) T
RANSITION RULE .—In the first fiscal year in which funds are made available under this title to carry out this section, the Sec-retary shall make allotments to each State participating in the programs under this sec-tion in accordance with subparagraphs (A) and (B), based on the Secretary’s estimate of the number of the searches described in each such subparagraph, respectively, that each of the States are expected to conduct in such fiscal year. (3) S
TATE APPLICATIONS .—Each State agen-cy described in paragraph (1) desiring an al-lotment under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (2) shall submit an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may re-quire, which shall include an assurance that the State agency will respond promptly to all requests from the Director, within a rea-sonable time period determined by the Direc-tor, to conduct a search required under sec-tion 10411 in a timely manner, and a descrip-tion of how funds will be used to meet such assurance. 
SEC. 10422. FUNDING TO SCHOOL DISTRICTS FOR UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN. 
(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to section 10401(b) to carry out this section, the Secretary of Edu-cation shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible local educational agencies, or consortia of neighboring local educational agencies, described in subsection (b) to en-able the local educational agencies or con-sortia to enhance opportunities for, and pro-vide services to, immigrant children and youth, including unaccompanied alien chil-dren, in the area served by the local edu-cational agencies or consortia. (b) ELIGIBLE LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A local educational agen-cy, or a consortium of neighboring local edu-cational agencies, is eligible for a grant under subsection (a) if, during the fiscal year for which a grant is awarded under this sec-tion, there are 50 or more unaccompanied alien children enrolled in the public schools served by the local educational agency or the consortium, respectively. (2) D
ETERMINATIONS OF NUMBER OF UNAC -
COMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN .—The Secretary of Education shall determine the number of unaccompanied alien children for purposes of paragraph (1) based on the most accurate data available that is provided to the Sec-retary of Education by the Director or the Department of Homeland Security. (c) A
PPLICATIONS .—A local educational agency, or a consortia of neighboring local educational agencies, desiring a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary of Education at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion, as the Secretary of Education may re-quire, including a description of how the grant will be used to enhance opportunities for, and provide services to, immigrant chil-dren and youth (including unaccompanied alien children) and their families. 
SEC. 10423. IMMEDIATE ENROLLMENT OF UNAC-COMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN IN SCHOOLS. 
To be eligible for funding under the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), a local edu-cational agency shall— (1) ensure that unaccompanied alien chil-dren in the area served by the local edu-cational agency are immediately enrolled in school following placement with a sponsor; and (2) remove barriers to enrollment and full participation in educational programs and services offered by the local educational agency for unaccompanied alien children (in-cluding barriers related to documentation, age, and language), which shall include re-viewing and revising policies that may have a negative effect on such children. TITLE XV—ENSURING ORDERLY AND HU-MANE MANAGEMENT OF CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SEEKING PROTECTION Subtitle A—Providing a Fair and Efficient Legal Process for Children and Vulnerable Families Seeking Asylum 
SEC. 10511. COURT APPEARANCE COMPLIANCE AND LEGAL ORIENTATION. 
(a) A CCESS TO LEGAL ORIENTATION PRO-
GRAMS TOENSURE COURT APPEARANCE COM-
PLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the At-torney General, shall establish procedures, consistent with the procedures established pursuant to section 10412, to ensure that legal orientation programs are available for all aliens detained by the Department of Homeland Security. (2) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—Programs under paragraph (1) shall inform aliens described in such paragraph regarding— (A) the basic procedures of immigration hearings; (B) their rights and obligations relating to such hearings under Federal immigration laws to ensure appearance at all immigra-tion proceedings; (C) their rights under Federal immigration laws, including available legal protections and the procedure for requesting such pro-tection; (D) the consequences of filing frivolous legal claims and of failing to appear for pro-ceedings; and (E) any other subject that the Attorney General considers appropriate, such as a con-tact list of potential legal resources and pro-viders. (3) ELIGIBILITY .—An alien shall be given ac-cess to legal orientation programs under this subsection regardless of the alien’s current immigration status, prior immigration his-tory, or potential for immigration relief. (b) P
ILOT PROJECT FOR NONDETAINED  A
LIENS IN REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General shall develop and administer a 2-year pilot program at not fewer than 2 immigration courts to provide nondetained aliens with pending asylum claims access to legal infor-mation. (2) R
EPORT .—At the conclusion of the pilot program under this subsection, the Attorney General shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that describes the extent to which nondetained aliens are provided with access to counsel. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Executive Office of Immigration Review of the Department of Justice such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. 
SEC. 10512. FAIR DAY IN COURT FOR KIDS. 
(a) I MPROVING IMMIGRATION COURT EFFI-
CIENCY AND REDUCING COSTS BY INCREASING  A
CCESS TO LEGAL INFORMATION .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT OF COUNSEL IN CERTAIN  
CASES ; RIGHT TO REVIEW CERTAIN DOCUMENTS  
IN REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS .—Section 240(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a(b)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘, at no expense to the Gov-ernment,’’; and (II) by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respec-tively; (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) the Attorney General may appoint or provide counsel to aliens in immigration proceedings; ‘‘(C) at the beginning of the proceedings or as expeditiously as possible, the alien shall automatically receive a complete copy of the alien’s Alien File (commonly known as an ‘A-file’) and Form I–862 (commonly known as a ‘Notice to Appear’) in the possession of the Department of Homeland Security (other than documents protected from disclosure by privilege, including national security infor-mation referred to in subparagraph (D), law enforcement sensitive information, and in-formation prohibited from disclosure pursu-ant to any other provision of law) unless the alien waives the right to receive such docu-ments by executing a knowing and voluntary written waiver in a language that he or she understands fluently;’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) F
AILURE TO PROVIDE ALIEN REQUIRED  
DOCUMENTS .—In the absence of a waiver under paragraph (4)(C), a removal proceeding may not proceed until the alien— ‘‘(A) has received the documents as re-quired under such paragraph; and ‘‘(B) has been provided meaningful time to review and assess such documents.’’. (2) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING THE AUTHOR -
ITY OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL TO APPOINT  
COUNSEL TO ALIENS IN IMMIGRATION PRO -
CEEDINGS .—Section 292 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1362) is amend-ed— (A) by striking ‘‘In any’’ and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.033 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1184 February 15, 2018 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In any’’; (B) in subsection (a), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘(at no expense to the Gov-ernment)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘he shall’’ and inserting ‘‘the person shall’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT OF COUNSEL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General may appoint or provide counsel to aliens in any proceeding conducted under section 235(b), 236, 238, 240, or 241 or any other sec-tion of this Act. ‘‘(2) A
CCESS TO COUNSEL .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall facilitate access to counsel for— ‘‘(A) aliens in any proceeding conducted under section 235(b), 236, 238, 240, or 241; and ‘‘(B) any individual detained inside an im-migration detention facility or a border fa-cility.’’. (3) A
PPOINTMENT OF COUNSEL FOR UNACCOM -
PANIED ALIEN CHILDREN AND VULNERABLE  
ALIENS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 292 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1362), as amended by paragraph (2), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) U
NACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN AND  V
ULNERABLE ALIENS .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), the Attorney General shall ap-point counsel, at the expense of the Govern-ment if necessary, at the beginning of the proceedings or as expeditiously as possible, to represent in such proceedings any alien who has been determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General to be— ‘‘(1) an unaccompanied alien child (as de-fined in section 462(g) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g))); ‘‘(2) a particularly vulnerable individual, such as— ‘‘(A) a person with a disability (as defined in section 3 of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102)); or ‘‘(B) a victim of abuse, torture, or violence; or ‘‘(3) an individual whose circumstances are such that the appointment of counsel is nec-essary to help ensure fair resolution and effi-cient adjudication of the proceedings. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Executive Office for Immigration Review of the Department of Justice such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section.’’. (B) R
ULEMAKING .—The Attorney General shall promulgate regulations to implement section 292(c) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act, as added by subparagraph (A), in accordance with the requirements set forth in section 3006A of title 18, United States Code. (b) C
ASEMANAGEMENT PILOT PROGRAM TO I
NCREASE COURT APPEARANCE RATES .— (1) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall establish a pilot program, which shall include the services set forth in section 10413(a)(2), to increase the court appearance rates of aliens described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 292(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by subsection (a)(3)(A), by contracting with nongovernmental, community-based organi-zations to provide appropriate case manage-ment services to such aliens. (2) S
COPE OF SERVICES .—Case management services provided under paragraph (1) shall include assisting aliens with— (A) accessing legal counsel; (B) complying with court-imposed dead-lines and other legal obligations; and (C) accessing social services, as appro-priate. (3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Homeland Security such sums as may be necessary to carry out this sub-section. (c) REPORT ON ACCESS TO COUNSEL .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31 of each year, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with the Attorney Gen-eral, shall prepare and submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives regarding the ex-tent to which aliens described in section 292(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by subsection (a)(3)(A), have been provided access to counsel. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, for the im-mediately preceding 1-year period— (A) the number and percentage of aliens described in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), re-spectively, of section 292(c) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act, as added by sub-section (a)(3)(A), who were represented by counsel, including information specifying— (i) the stage of the legal process at which the alien was represented; and (ii) whether the alien was in government custody; and (B) the number and percentage of aliens who received legal orientation presentations. Subtitle B—Reducing Significant Delays in Immigration Court 
SEC. 10521. ELIMINATE IMMIGRATION COURT BACKLOGS. 
(a) A NNUAL INCREASES IN IMMIGRATION  J
UDGES .—The Attorney General shall in-crease the total number of immigration judges to adjudicate pending cases and effi-ciently process future cases by at least— (1) 55 judges during fiscal year 2019; (2) an additional 55 judges during fiscal year 2020; and (3) an additional 55 judges during fiscal year 2021. (b) N
ECESSARY SUPPORT STAFF FOR IMMI-
GRATION JUDGES .—To address the shortage of support staff for immigration judges, the At-torney General shall ensure that each immi-gration judge has sufficient support staff, adequate technological and security re-sources, and appropriate courtroom facili-ties. (c) A
NNUAL INCREASES IN BOARD OF IMMI-
GRATION APPEALS PERSONNEL .—The Attorney General shall increase the number of Board of Immigration Appeals staff attorneys (in-cluding necessary additional support staff) to efficiently process cases by at least— (1) 23 attorneys during fiscal year 2019; (2) an additional 23 attorneys during fiscal year 2020; and (3) an additional 23 attorneys during fiscal year 2021. (d) GAO R
EPORT .—The Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall— (1) conduct a study of the hurdles to effi-cient hiring of immigration court judges within the Department of Justice; and (2) propose solutions to Congress for im-proving the efficiency of the hiring process. 
SEC. 10522. IMPROVED TRAINING FOR IMMIGRA-TION JUDGES AND MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF IMMIGRATION AP-PEALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To ensure efficient and fair proceedings, the Director of the Execu-tive Office for Immigration Review shall fa-cilitate robust training programs for immi-gration judges and members of the Board of Immigration Appeals. (b) M
ANDATORY TRAINING .—Training facili-tated under subsection (a) shall include— (1) expanding the training program for new immigration judges and Board members; (2) continuing education regarding current developments in immigration law through regularly available training resources and an annual conference; and (3) methods to ensure that immigration judges are trained on properly crafting and dictating decisions and standards of review, including improved on-bench reference mate-rials and decision templates. SEC. 10523. NEW TECHNOLOGY TO IMPROVE COURT EFFICIENCY. 
The Director of the Executive Office for Immigration Review will modernize its case management and related electronic systems, including allowing for electronic filing, to improve efficiency in the processing of immi-gration proceedings. Subtitle C—Reducing the Likelihood of Remigration 
SEC. 10531. ESTABLISHING REINTEGRATION AND MONITORING SERVICES FOR REPA-TRIATING CHILDREN. 
(a) C ONSULTATION WITHUNHCR.—The Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary of State, shall consult with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (referred to in this section as the ‘‘UNHCR’’) to develop a child-centered repatriation process for unac-companied children being returned to their country of origin. (b) C
OLLABORATION WITHREGIONAL GOV-
ERNMENTS AND NONGOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZA -
TIONS .—The Secretary of State and the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall collaborate with regional governments and international and domestic nongovern-mental organizations to reduce children’s need to remigrate by— (1) establishing and expanding comprehen-sive reintegration services for repatriated unaccompanied children once returned to their communities of origin; (2) establishing monitoring and verification services to determine the well- being of repatriated children in order to de-termine if United States protection and screening functioned effectively in identi-fying persecuted and trafficked children; and (3) providing emergency referrals to the UNHCR for registration and safe passage to an established emergency transit center for refugees for any repatriated children who are facing immediate risk of harm. 
SA 2032. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. TREATMENT OF CONTROLLED SUB-STANCE ANALOGUES. 
Section 203 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 813) is amended by striking ‘‘shall, to the extent intended for human consumption,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘that is not a chemical substance subject to the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) shall’’. 
SA 2033. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.033 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1185 February 15, 2018 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON THE EFFECTS OF DEPOR-TATION OF ALIENS SERVING IN THE ARMED FORCES ON MILITARY READ-INESS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth an assessment by the Secretary of the effects on military readiness of the de-portation of aliens who are serving in the Armed Forces, or who are about to com-mence initial entry training in the Armed Forces, as of the time of deportation. 
SA 2034. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PAROLE IN PLACE OF SPOUSES, CHIL-DREN, AND PARENTS OF CERTAIN MEMBERS AND FORMER OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P AROLE IN PLACE REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security shall, pursuant to section 212(a)(5)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(5)(a)), parole in place any alien who is the spouse, child, or parent of the following: (1) A current or former member of a reg-ular component of the Armed Forces. (2) A current or former member of the Se-lected Reserve of the Ready Reserve. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Parole is not required under subsection (a) to an alien otherwise described in that subsection if the Secretary, in the Secretary’s discretion, determines that parole under this section is inadvisable based on the Secretary’s determination that the alien— (1) has been convicted of a criminal of-fense; or (2) presents another serious adverse factor. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘spouse’’, ‘‘child’’, and ‘‘parent’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 
SA 2035. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PLAN ON THE HUMANE TREATMENT OF DETAINEES BY IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, acting though the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Immigration and Customs Enforcement, submit to Congress and implement a plan for Immigration and Customs Enforcement to address deficiencies in its detainee classifica-tion, use of segregation and disciplinary ac-tions, compliance with grievance procedures, detainee care, and other deficiencies cited in the report of the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Concerns About ICE Detainee Treatment and Care at Detention Facilities’’ and dated December 11, 2017. 
SA 2036. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: SEC. lll. PAROLE IN PLACE OF SPOUSES, CHIL-DREN, AND PARENTS OF CITIZENS AND LAWFUL PERMANENT RESI-DENTS SERVING IN CERTAIN PUBLIC SERVICE PROFESSIONS. 
(a) P AROLE IN PLACE REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security shall, pursuant to section 212(a)(5)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(5)(a)), parole in place any alien who is the spouse, child, or parent of a citizen or lawful perma-nent resident serving as any of the following: (1) Law enforcement officer, official, or agent. (2) Firefighter. (3) Emergency medical technician. (4) Doctor, physician assistant, nurse, or other healthcare provider. (5) First responder. (6) Teacher. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Parole is not required under subsection (a) to an alien otherwise described in that subsection if the Secretary, in the Secretary’s discretion, determines that parole under this section is inadvisable based on the Secretary’s determination that the alien— (1) has been convicted of a criminal of-fense; or (2) presents another serious adverse factor. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘spouse’’, ‘‘child’’, and ‘‘parent’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). 
SA 2037. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. DISTRICT JUDGES FOR THE DISTRICT COURTS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PERMANENT DISTRICT COURT  J
UDGESHIPS .—The President shall appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate— (1) 7 additional district judges for the cen-tral district of California; (2) 3 additional district judges for the east-ern district of California; (3) 2 additional district judges for the dis-trict of New Mexico; (4) 2 additional district judges for the southern district of Texas; and (5) 4 additional district judges for the west-ern district of Texas. (b) C
ONVERSIONS OF TEMPORARY DISTRICT  C
OURT JUDGESHIPS .—The existing judgeships for the district of Arizona, the central dis-trict of California, and the district of New Mexico authorized by section 312(c) of the 21st Century Department of Justice Appro-priations Authorization Act (Public Law 107– 273, 28 U.S.C. 133 note), as of the effective date of this Act, shall be authorized under section 133 of title 28, United States Code, and the incumbents in those offices shall hold the office under section 133 of title 28, United States Code, as amended by this Act. (c) T
ABLES .—In order that the table con-tained in section 133(a) of title 28, United States Code, will, with respect to each judi-cial district, reflect the changes in the total number of permanent district judgeships au-thorized as a result of subsection (a)— (1) the item relating to Arizona is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Arizona ...................................................... 13’’; (2) the item relating to California is amended to read as follows: ‘‘California: Northern ...................................................... 14 Eastern ........................................................ 9 Central ........................................................ 35 Southern ...................................................... 13’’; (3) the item relating to New Mexico is amended to read as follows: ‘‘New Mexico ............................................... 9’’; and (4) by striking the item relating to Texas and inserting the following: ‘‘Texas: Northern ...................................................... 12 Southern ...................................................... 21 Eastern ........................................................ 7 Western ....................................................... 17’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 21, 2021. 
SA 2038. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1959 proposed by Mr. G
RASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. E RNST , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mr. I
SAKSON ) to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. LIMITATION ON CONSTRUCTION OF NEW ELEMENTS OF THE PHYSICAL BARRIERS ALONG THE SOUTHERN BORDER PENDING A CERTIFICATION ON THE ACHIEVEMENT BY THE DE-PARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY OF CERTAIN STAFFING LEV-ELS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, construction of any new element of the physical barriers along the southern bor-der (other than construction for repair or re-placement of existing barrier elements) may not commence until the Secretary of Home-land Security certifies, in writing, to Con-gress that the total number of officers in the Office of Field Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection equals the number re-quired for the fiscal year in which the cer-tification is submitted in the Workload Staffing Model of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
SA 2039. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. H
EINRICH , and Mr. U DALL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1958 pro-posed by Mr. S
CHUMER (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. K ING, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. K AINE, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. I
SAKSON , and Mr. W ARNER ) to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the pre-mium tax credit with respect to unsub-sidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.035 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1186 February 15, 2018 
SEC. lll. PROTECTION OF CERTAIN NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGES AND WILDLIFE CORRIDORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may not use any funds for the design and construction of physical barriers along the border between the United States and Mexico for pedestrian barriers at any of the following: (1) National Wildlife Refuge System land in the Lower Rio Grande Valley, Texas. (2) The wildlife corridor in Hidalgo County, New Mexico, from coordinates N. 31.3331, W. 108.714 to N. 31.3324, W. 108.786. (3) The wildlife corridor in the Chiricahua Mountains, from coordinates N. 31.3324, W.108.982 to N. 31.3328, W. 109.092. (4) San Bernardino National Wildlife Ref-uge, Arizona. (5) The wildlife corridor in the Coronado National Forest, Arizona, from coordinates N. 31.3336, W. 110.246 to N. 31.336, W. 110.782. (6) The wildlife corridor in the Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge and the Coro-nado National Forest, Arizona, from coordi-nates N. 31.3322, W. 111.038 to N. 31.3992, W. 111.283. (7) Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge, Arizona. (8) The wildlife corridor in Jacumba, Cali-fornia, from coordinates N. 32.6272, W. 115.995 to N. 32.6242, W. 116.035. (b) L
IMITATION .—The only physical barrier that may be constructed at a wildlife refuge or wildlife corridor described in subsection (a) shall be a vehicle barrier or other barrier that— (1) meets operational needs; (2) does not impede the free movement of wildlife; and (3) does not create or exacerbate the poten-tial for flooding in the area. 
SA 2040. Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Ms. S
MITH) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the pre-mium tax credit with respect to unsub-sidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS OF CER-TAIN NATIONALS OF LIBERIA. 
(a) A DJUSTMENT OF STATUS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) E
LIGIBILITY .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall adjust the status of an alien described in subsection (b) to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence if the alien— (i) applies for adjustment not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (ii) is otherwise eligible to receive an im-migrant visa and admissible to the United States for permanent residence, except that, in determining such admissibility, the grounds for inadmissibility specified in para-graphs (4), (5), (6)(A), and (7)(A) of section 212(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)) shall not apply. (B) I
NELIGIBLE ALIENS .—An alien shall not be eligible for adjustment of status under this section if the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity determines that the alien— (i) has been convicted of any aggravated felony (as defined in section 101(a)(43) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43))); (ii) has been convicted of 2 or more crimes involving moral turpitude; or (iii) has ordered, incited, assisted, or other-wise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, nation-ality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion. (2) RELATIONSHIP OF APPLICATION TO CER -
TAIN ORDERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien present in the United States who has been subject to an order of exclusion, deportation, or removal, or has been ordered to depart voluntarily from the United States under any provision of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) may, notwithstanding such order, apply for adjustment of status under paragraph (1) if otherwise qualified under such paragraph. (B) S
EPARATE MOTION NOT REQUIRED .—An alien described in subparagraph (A) may not be required, as a condition of submitting or granting such application, to file a separate motion to reopen, reconsider, or vacate the order described in subparagraph (A). (C) E
FFECT OF DECISION BY SECRETARY .—If the Secretary of Homeland Security adjusts the status of an alien pursuant to an applica-tion under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall cancel the order described in subparagraph (A). If the Secretary of Homeland Security makes a final decision to deny such adjust-ment of status, the order shall be effective and enforceable to the same extent as if the application had not been made. (b) A
LIENS ELIGIBLE FOR ADJUSTMENT OF  S
TATUS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The benefits provided under subsection (a) shall apply to any alien— (A) who is— (i) a national of Liberia; and (ii) has been continuously present in the United States between November 20, 2014, and the date on which the alien submits an application under subsection (a); or (B) who is the spouse, child, or unmarried son or daughter of an alien described in sub-paragraph (A). (2) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PHYSICAL  
PRESENCE .—For purposes of establishing the period of continuous physical presence re-ferred to in paragraph (1)(A)(ii), an alien shall not be considered to have failed to maintain continuous physical presence by reasons of an absence, or absences, from the United States for any period or periods amounting in the aggregate to not more than 180 days. (c) S
TAY OF REMOVAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall promulgate regulations establishing procedures through which an alien, who is subject to a final order of de-portation, removal, or exclusion, may seek a stay of such order based upon the filing of an application under subsection (a). (2) D
URING CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS .—Not- withstanding any provision in the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.), the Secretary of Homeland Security may not order an alien to be removed from the United States if the alien is in exclusion, deportation, or removal proceedings under any provision of such Act and has applied for adjustment of status under subsection (a) unless the Secretary has made a final deter-mination to deny the application. (3) W
ORK AUTHORIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may— (i) authorize an alien who has applied for adjustment of status under subsection (a) to engage in employment in the United States while a determination regarding such appli-cation is pending; and (ii) provide the alien with an ‘‘employment authorized’’ endorsement or other appro-priate document signifying authorization of employment. (B) PENDING APPLICATIONS .—If an applica-tion for adjustment of status under sub-section (a) is pending for a period exceeding 180 days and has not been denied, the Sec-retary shall authorize such employment. (d) R
ECORD OF PERMANENT RESIDENCE .— Upon the approval of an alien’s application for adjustment of status under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall establish a record of the alien’s admis-sion for permanent residence as of the date of the alien’s arrival in the United States. (e) A
VAILABILITY OF ADMINISTRATIVE RE-
VIEW.—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide applicants for adjustment of status under subsection (a) with the same right to, and procedures for, administrative review as are provided to— (1) applicants for adjustment of status under section 245 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255); and (2) aliens subject to removal proceedings under section 240 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a). (f) L
IMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .—A de- termination by the Secretary of Homeland Security regarding the adjustment of status of any alien under this section is final and shall not be subject to review by any court. (g) N
OOFFSET IN NUMBER OF VISAS AVAIL-
ABLE .—The Secretary of State shall not be required to reduce the number of immigrant visas authorized to be issued under any pro-vision of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) to offset the adjust-ment of status of an alien who has been law-fully admitted for permanent residence pur-suant to this section. (h) A
PPLICATION OF IMMIGRATION AND NA-
TIONALITY ACTPROVISIONS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided in this section, the defini-tions contained in the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) shall apply in this section. (2) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to repeal, amend, alter, modify, effect, or restrict the powers, duties, function, or authority of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security in the adminis-tration and enforcement of the Immigration and Nationality Act or any other law relat-ing to immigration, nationality, or natu-ralization. (3) E
FFECT OF ELIGIBILITY FOR ADJUSTMENT  
OF STATUS .—An alien’s eligibility to be law-fully admitted for permanent residence under this section shall not preclude the alien from seeking any status under any other provision of law for which the alien may otherwise be eligible. 
SA 2041. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. USING ILLICIT DRUG TRAFFICKING PROCEEDS FOR BORDER SECURITY ENHANCEMENTS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to authorize the use of illicit drug traf-ficking proceeds to pay for physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, and technology in the vicinity of the United States border, which will achieve situational awareness and operational control of the border, and in-crease the interdiction of illicit drugs enter-ing the United States and reduce bulk cash smuggling and trade-based money laun-dering along the border. (b) S
ECURE AMERICA FINANCING CORPORA -
TION.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.036 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1187 February 15, 2018 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established , as a special purpose, public corporate entity, the Secure America Financing Corporation (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Cor-poration’’), which shall operate as an inde-pendent instrumentality of the Federal Gov-ernment. (2) B
OARD .— (A) C
OMPOSITION .—The Corporation shall be overseen by a Board, consisting of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of the Treasury, the Attorney Gen-eral, or their respective designees, as ap-pointed by the President. (B) T
ERMS .—Members of the Board shall serve, at the pleasure of the President, for 4- year terms, or until a successor is appointed by the President. Members of the Board may be appointed to 1 additional 4-year term. (C) C
OMPENSATION .—Members of the Board shall serve without additional compensation. (D) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Board shall annu-ally elect a Chairperson from among its members. (E) M
EETINGS .—The Board shall meet not less frequently than annually. (3) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Cor-poration shall be— (A) to issue Secure America Bonds, in ac-cordance with paragraph (4); (B) to make the proceeds of such bonds available to the Homeland Security Inves-tigations directorate of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and to U.S. Bor-der Patrol to enhance technological capac-ity; and (C) to manage surplus Asset Forfeiture Funds to redeem such bonds. (4) B
ONDS .— (A) I
SSUANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Corpora-tion may issue bonds (referred to in this sec-tion as ‘‘Secure America Bonds’’) in such amounts and for such terms as the Board shall authorize to provide the necessary funding for the technological capacity en-hancements that the Homeland Security In-vestigations directorate determines appro-priate. (B) R
EDEMPTION .—Bonds issued pursuant to subparagraph (A) may only be paid from funds managed by the Corporation, includ-ing— (i) surplus amounts from the Asset For-feiture Fund; (ii) proceeds of the sales of any such bonds; (iii) earnings on funds invested by the Cor-poration or the indenture trustee; (iv) income generated by the activities of the Corporation; and (v) such other funds as may become avail-able. (C) B
ANKRUPTCY PROHIBITED .—The Corpora-tion may not file for bankruptcy protection while any of the bonds issued by the Cor-poration remain outstanding. (D) L
IMITATION .—Bonds issued pursuant to subparagraph (A)— (i) are not a debt or obligation of the Fed-eral Government; and (ii) are not backed by the full faith and credit of the Federal Government. (5) S
TAFFING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Employees of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and employees of the Department of the Treasury may pro-vide administrative support to the Corpora-tion. (B) P
ROFESSIONAL SERVICES .—The Attorney General, or designee, may serve as counsel to the Corporation and may employee or retain such other attorneys as necessary. The Cor-poration may employ or retain any other professionals, consultants, agents, financial advisors, and accountants as may be nec-essary to carry out the purposes set forth in paragraph (3). The Board may determine the duties and compensation of those employed or retained under this subparagraph. (6) FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT .— (A) A
UTHORITY .—The Corporation is au-thorized to sell and convey any of the assets of the Corporation, subject to the approval of the Board. (B) E
XEMPTION FROM TAXATION .—The Cor- poration shall be exempt from any taxation, fees, assessments, or similar charges based on the real property or assets of the Corpora-tion. (7) E
FFECT OF DISSOLUTION .—Upon the dis-solution of the Corporation, title to all as-sets and properties of the Corporation shall vest in and become the property of the United States Treasury and shall be depos-ited into and credited to the Asset Forfeiture Fund. (c) U
SE OF CERTAIN FORFEITED CRIMINAL  P
ROCEEDS FOR BORDER SECURITY MEAS-
URES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds that are criminally for-feited to the United States pursuant to an order relating to a sentence of a felony con-viction by a district court of the United States of an individual engaging in a con-tinuing criminal enterprise involving know-ingly and intentionally distributing a con-trolled substance, intending and knowing that such substance would be unlawfully im-ported into the United States from a place outside of the United States shall be used for security measures along the international border between the United States and Mex-ico, including the construction, installation, deployment, operation, and maintenance of physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, and technology in the vicinity of such bor-der, for the purpose of stemming the flow of illegal narcotics into the United States and furthering the security of the United States. (d) R
ESERVATION OF PORTION OF FORFEITS  
IN THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE CIVIL ASSET F
ORFEITURE FUND FOR BUILDING A PHYSICAL  B
ARRIER OR ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY TO PRE-
VENT ILLEGAL ENTRY ACROSS THE SOUTHERN  B
ORDER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 524(c) of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, except as provided in paragraph (12),’’ before ‘‘be available to the Attorney General’’; (B) in paragraph (8)(E), in the first sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘the construction, instal-lation, deployment, operation, and mainte-nance of physical barriers, tactical infra-structure, and technology in the vicinity of the United States border,’’ after ‘‘law en-forcement,’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12)(A) Not later than on December 1 of each year, the Attorney General shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the total of any amount in the Fund as of October 1 that are derived from Mexican cartels. ‘‘(B) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, and occa-sionally thereafter, the Attorney General shall submit to Congress a report on the amount in the Fund that has historically been derived from Mexican cartels. ‘‘(C) Of the amount described in subpara-graph (A), 50 percent shall be made available without fiscal year limitation to install ad-ditional physical barriers and roads (includ-ing the removal of obstacles to detection of illegal entrants) in the vicinity of the United States border to deter illegal crossings in areas of high illegal entry into the United States.’’. (2) L
IMITATION ON RELEASE OF PROPERTY .— Section 983(f)(8) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) is currency or contraband likely to belong to or used in support of a foreign, ille-gal trafficking organization.’’. (e) USE OF BONDPROCEEDS .— (1) I
MPROVING DATA ANALYTICS .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Executive Associate Director for Homeland Security Investigations and the Chief, U.S. Border Patrol, may use proceeds from Secure America Bonds— (A) to improve the use of data and ad-vanced analytics to target drugs entering the United States, bulk cash smugglers, and trade-based money laundering; (B) to prioritize the use of ‘‘big data’’ to enhance the analysis of information that may lead to an increase in drug seizures near the border, the interdiction of smuggled bulk cash, and the identification of invoice mis-representation that leads to trade-based money laundering; (C) to increase the technological capacity to gather and develop information about per-sons, events, and cargo of interest; (D) to integrate data with analytical tools capable of— (i) detecting trends, patterns, and emerg-ing threats; and (ii) identifying nonobvious relationships between persons, events, and cargo to gen-erate the necessary tools to increase sei-zures; and (E) to procure technology for advanced analytics to target drugs coming into the United States, bulk cash smuggling, and trade-based money laundering. (2) P
HYSICAL BARRIERS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Chief, U.S. Border Patrol, may use proceeds from Secure America Bonds— (A) to achieve situational awareness and operational control of the southwest border using terrain, barriers, and technological and human resources to force smugglers to use certain routes and border crossings; (B) to construct, install, deploy, operate, and permanently maintain physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, and technology in the vicinity of the southwest border. (3) S
TAFFING .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Executive Associate Director for Homeland Security Investigations, may use proceeds from Se-cure America Bonds to employ the necessary analysts to carry out the data analytics de-scribed in paragraph (1). (f) R
ULES OF CIVILFORFEITURE .— (1) C
IVIL FORFEITURE .—Section 983(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) In any law enforcement action in which assets may be seized under this sub-section, the law enforcement officer may not barter with or otherwise pressure the owner of the assets to be seized to waive any rights relating to the recovery of such assets.’’. (2) G
ENERAL RULES FOR CIVIL FORFEITURE  
PROCEEDINGS .—Section 983(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a prepon-derance of the evidence’’ and inserting ‘‘clear and convincing evidence’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘a prepon-derance of the evidence’’ and inserting ‘‘clear and convincing evidence’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, by clear and convincing evidence,’’ after ‘‘estab-lish’’. (3) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Attor-ney General shall submit an annual report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives that includes a detailed record, for the reporting period, of all civil and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.037 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1188 February 15, 2018 
criminal asset seizures and forfeitures au-thorized under chapter 46 of title 18, United States Code, including— (A) the specific assets seized, including the quantity and value of such assets; (B) the alleged criminal conduct giving rise to the seizure or forfeiture; (C) whether anyone was arrested or con-victed of the alleged criminal conduct; (D) whether the forfeiture action was chal-lenged by the owner of the assets; (E) the final disposition of the assets; and (F) if the assets were sold, how the pro-ceeds of the assets were used. (g) D
EPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY FOR-
FEITURE FUND.—Section 9705 of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) Payment to enhance border secu-rity.’’; and (2) in subsection (g)(4)(B), by inserting ‘‘, including the construction, installation, de-ployment, operation, and maintenance of physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, and technology in the vicinity of such bor-der,’’ after ‘‘law enforcement activities’’. 
SA 2042. Mr. ALEXANDER (for Mr. F
LAKE ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 946, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Vet-erans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justice-involved veterans, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. HIRING BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OF ADDITIONAL VETERANS JUSTICE OUTREACH SPECIALISTS. 
(a) H IRING OF ADDITIONAL VETERANS JUS-
TICE OUTREACH SPECIALISTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall hire not fewer than 50 Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists and place each such Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist at an eligible Department of Veterans Affairs medical cen-ter in accordance with this section. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall ensure that each Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist employed under paragraph (1)— (A) serves, either exclusively or in addition to other duties, as part of a justice team in a veterans treatment court or other veteran- focused court; and (B) otherwise meets Department hiring guidelines for Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists. (3) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that the total number of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists em-ployed by the Department is not less than the sum of— (A) the total number of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists that were employed by the Department on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) the number of Veterans Justice Out-reach Specialists set forth in paragraph (1). (b) E
LIGIBLE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-
FAIRS MEDICAL CENTERS .—For purposes of this section, an eligible Department of Vet-erans Affairs medical center is any Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs medical center that— (1) complies with all Department guide-lines and regulations for placement of a Vet-erans Justice Outreach Specialist; (2) works within a local criminal justice system with justice-involved veterans; (3) maintains an affiliation with one or more veterans treatment courts or other vet-eran-focused courts; and (4) either— (A) routinely provides Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to serve as part of a justice team in a veterans treatment court or other veteran-focused court; or (B) establishes a plan that is approved by the Secretary to provide Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists employed under sub-section (a)(1) to serve as part of a justice team in a veterans treatment court or other veteran-focused court. (c) PLACEMENT PRIORITY .—The Secretary shall prioritize the placement of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists employed under subsection (a)(1) at eligible Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers that have or intend to establish an affiliation, for the purpose of carrying out the Veterans Justice Outreach Program, with a veterans treat-ment court, or other veteran-focused court, that— (1) was established on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; or (2)(A) was established before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) is not fully staffed with Veterans Jus-tice Outreach Specialists. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) P
ERIODIC REPORTS BY SECRETARY OF VET -
ERANS AFFAIRS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every year thereafter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report on the im-plementation of this section and its effect on the Veterans Justice Outreach Program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (i) The status of the efforts of the Sec-retary to hire Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists pursuant to subsection (a)(1), in-cluding the total number of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists hired by the Secretary pursuant to such subsection and the number that the Secretary expects to hire pursuant to such subsection. (ii) The total number of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists assigned to each De-partment of Veterans Affairs medical center that participates in the Veterans Justice Outreach Program, including the number of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists hired under subsection (a)(1) disaggregated by De-partment of Veterans Affairs medical center. (iii) The total number of eligible Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs medical centers that sought placement of a Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist under subsection (a)(1), how many Veterans Justice Outreach Spe-cialists each such center sought, and how many of such medical centers received no placement of a Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist under subsection (a)(1). (iv) The total number of justice-involved veterans who were served or are expected to be served by a Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist hired under subsection (a)(1). (2) R
EPORT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF  
THE UNITED STATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the im-plementation of this section and the effec-tiveness of the Veterans Justice Outreach Program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-paragraph (A) shall include the following: (i) An assessment of whether the Secretary has fulfilled the Secretary’s obligations under this section. (ii) The number of veterans who are served by Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists hired under subsection (a)(1), disaggregated by demographics (including discharge sta-tus). (iii) An identification of any subgroups of veterans who underutilize services provided under laws administered by the Secretary and to which they are referred by a Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist. (iv) Such recommendations as the Comp-troller General may have for the Secretary to improve the effectiveness of the Veterans Justice Outreach Program. (e) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out subsection (a) $5,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2028. (2) I
DENTIFICATION OF OFFSETS .—The Sec- retary shall submit to Congress a report that identifies such legislative or administrative actions as the Secretary determines will re-sult in a reduction in expenditures by the Department of Veterans Affairs that is equal to or greater than the amounts authorized to be appropriated by paragraph (1). (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) J
USTICE TEAM .—The term ‘‘justice team’’ means the group of individuals, which may include a judge, court coordinator, pros-ecutor, public defender, treatment provider, probation or other law enforcement officer, program mentor, and Veterans Justice Out-reach Specialist, who assist justice-involved veterans in a veterans treatment court or other veteran-focused court. (2) J
USTICE -INVOLVED VETERAN .—The term ‘‘justice-involved veteran’’ means a veteran with active, ongoing, or recent contact with some component of a local criminal justice system. (3) L
OCAL CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘local criminal justice system’’ means law enforcement, jails, prisons, and Federal, State, and local courts. (4) V
ETERANS JUSTICE OUTREACH PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘Veterans Justice Out-reach Program’’ means the program through which the Department of Veterans Affairs identifies justice-involved veterans and pro-vides such veterans with access to Depart-ment services. (5) V
ETERANS JUSTICE OUTREACH SPE -
CIALIST .—The term ‘‘Veterans Justice Out-reach Specialist’’ means an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who serves as a liaison between the Department and the local criminal justice system on behalf of a justice-involved veteran. (6) V
ETERANS TREATMENT COURT .—The term ‘‘veterans treatment court’’ means a Fed-eral, State, or local court that is partici-pating in the veterans treatment court pro-gram (as defined in section 2991(i)(1) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(i)(1))). 
SA 2043. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROVIDING LEGAL PROTECTION FOR CERTAIN CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘‘eligi-ble individual’’ means an individual who meets the eligibility criteria described in subsection (b)(2). (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.037 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1189 February 15, 2018 
(b) D EFERRED ACTION STATUS .— (1) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary shall establish a program through which an eligible individual may apply for deferred ac-tion status. (2) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—An individual shall be eligible for deferred action status under the program established under para-graph (1) if the individual— (A) on June 15, 2012, was under the age of 31 years; (B) entered the United States— (i) on a date on which the alien was under the age of 16 years; and (ii) without inspection or lawful status be-fore June 15, 2012; (C) has continuously resided in the United States since June 15, 2007; (D) was physically present in the United States— (i) on June 15, 2012; and (ii) on the date on which the Secretary makes a determination with respect to the eligibility of the individual for deferred ac-tion status; (E)(i) is in school; (ii) has— (I) graduated from high school; or (II) obtained— (aa) a certificate of completion from a high school; or (bb) a general education development cer-tificate; or (iii) is— (I) a member of the armed forces (as de-fined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code), including a member of the Na-tional Guard or Reserves; or (II) a veteran, as defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code, except that an individual discharged other than honorably is excluded; (F) has not been convicted of— (i) a felony; (ii) a significant misdemeanor; or (iii) 3 or more misdemeanor offenses; (G) does not pose a threat to national secu-rity or public safety; and (H) was granted deferred action status be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) P
ERIOD OF DEFERRED ACTION STATUS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), deferred action status granted under this subsection shall be valid for a period of 2 years beginning on the date on which the Secretary grants deferred action status to the eligible individual. (B) R
ENEWAL .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—On application to the Sec-retary, deferred action status granted under this subsection may be renewed for addi-tional 2-year periods. (ii) R
ENEWAL APPLICATION .—Not more than 120 days before the date on which the de-ferred action status of an eligible individual expires, the eligible individual may submit to the Secretary an application for renewal of deferred action status. 
SEC. ll. BORDER SECURITY TRUST FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the Border Security Trust Fund (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), consisting of amounts appro-priated to the Trust Fund under subsection (b) and any amounts that may be credited to the Trust Fund under subsection (c). (b) A
PPROPRIATION .—There are appro-priated to the Trust Fund $25,000,000,000, to remain available until expended. (c) I
NVESTMENT OF AMOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall invest such portion of the Trust Fund as is not required to meet cur-rent withdrawals in interest-bearing obliga-tions of the United States or in obligations guaranteed as to both principal and interest by the United States. (2) INTEREST AND PROCEEDS .—The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or re-demption of, any obligations held in the Trust Fund shall be credited to and form a part of the Trust Fund. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), amounts in the Trust Fund shall be available to the Secretary of Homeland Security, without further appropriation, for— (A) construction of not fewer than 700 miles of reinforced fencing, excluding vehicle barriers; (B) installation of additional physical bar-riers; (C) construction and maintenance of access and patrol roads; (D) lighting; (E) an interlocking surveillance camera system; (F) remote sensors; and (G) the purchase from the Secretary of De-fense of surplus aircraft and unmanned air-craft systems. (2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than $5,000,000,000 of the amount in the Trust Fund may be obligated and expended in any fiscal year. 
SEC. lll. ANNUAL REPORT ON BORDER SECU-RITY. 
Not less frequently than once each fiscal year, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit annually to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that describes for the applicable fiscal year— (1) the status of the construction of fencing and security improvements at United States borders; and (2) the estimated number of unlawful bor-der crossings. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, February 15, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, February 15, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hear-ing. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, February 15, 2018, at 9 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2019 Budget.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, Feb-ruary 15, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Andrea L. Thompson, of South Dakota, to be Under Secretary for Arms Con-trol and International Security, Susan A. Thornton, of Maine, to be an Assist-ant Secretary (East Asian and Pacific Affairs), and Francis R. Fannon, of Vir-ginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Resources), all of Department of State. COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February 14, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on S. 1917 and the following nominations: Mi-chael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Susan Paradise Bax-ter, and Marilyn Jean Horan, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Daniel Desmond Domenico, to be United States District Judge for the District of Colorado, Adam I. Klein, of the District of Columbia, to be Chair-man and Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, McGregor W. Scott, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern Dis-trict of California, Gary G. Schofield, to be United States Marshal for the District of Nevada, and Jonathan F. Mitchell, of Washington, to be Chair-man of the Administrative Conference of the United States. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, February 14, 2018, at 2 p.m., to conduct a closed hearing 
f 
CELEBRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 413, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 413) celebrating Black History Month. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. ALEXANDER. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 413) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.038 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1190 February 15, 2018 
VETERANS TREATMENT COURT IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 946 and the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 946) to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justice-involved veterans, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Flake substitute amendment be considered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2042) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. HIRING BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OF ADDITIONAL VETERANS JUSTICE OUTREACH SPECIALISTS. 
(a) H IRING OF ADDITIONAL VETERANS JUS-
TICE OUTREACH SPECIALISTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall hire not fewer than 50 Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists and place each such Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist at an eligible Department of Veterans Affairs medical cen-ter in accordance with this section. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall ensure that each Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist employed under paragraph (1)— (A) serves, either exclusively or in addition to other duties, as part of a justice team in a veterans treatment court or other veteran- focused court; and (B) otherwise meets Department hiring guidelines for Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists. (3) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that the total number of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists em-ployed by the Department is not less than the sum of— (A) the total number of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists that were employed by the Department on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) the number of Veterans Justice Out-reach Specialists set forth in paragraph (1). (b) E
LIGIBLE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-
FAIRS MEDICAL CENTERS .—For purposes of this section, an eligible Department of Vet-erans Affairs medical center is any Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs medical center that— (1) complies with all Department guide-lines and regulations for placement of a Vet-erans Justice Outreach Specialist; (2) works within a local criminal justice system with justice-involved veterans; (3) maintains an affiliation with one or more veterans treatment courts or other vet-eran-focused courts; and (4) either— (A) routinely provides Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to serve as part of a justice team in a veterans treatment court or other veteran-focused court; or (B) establishes a plan that is approved by the Secretary to provide Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists employed under sub-section (a)(1) to serve as part of a justice team in a veterans treatment court or other veteran-focused court. (c) PLACEMENT PRIORITY .—The Secretary shall prioritize the placement of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists employed under subsection (a)(1) at eligible Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers that have or intend to establish an affiliation, for the purpose of carrying out the Veterans Justice Outreach Program, with a veterans treat-ment court, or other veteran-focused court, that— (1) was established on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; or (2)(A) was established before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) is not fully staffed with Veterans Jus-tice Outreach Specialists. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) P
ERIODIC REPORTS BY SECRETARY OF VET -
ERANS AFFAIRS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every year thereafter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report on the im-plementation of this section and its effect on the Veterans Justice Outreach Program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (i) The status of the efforts of the Sec-retary to hire Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists pursuant to subsection (a)(1), in-cluding the total number of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists hired by the Secretary pursuant to such subsection and the number that the Secretary expects to hire pursuant to such subsection. (ii) The total number of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists assigned to each De-partment of Veterans Affairs medical center that participates in the Veterans Justice Outreach Program, including the number of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists hired under subsection (a)(1) disaggregated by De-partment of Veterans Affairs medical center. (iii) The total number of eligible Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs medical centers that sought placement of a Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist under subsection (a)(1), how many Veterans Justice Outreach Spe-cialists each such center sought, and how many of such medical centers received no placement of a Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist under subsection (a)(1). (iv) The total number of justice-involved veterans who were served or are expected to be served by a Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist hired under subsection (a)(1). (2) R
EPORT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF  
THE UNITED STATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the im-plementation of this section and the effec-tiveness of the Veterans Justice Outreach Program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-paragraph (A) shall include the following: (i) An assessment of whether the Secretary has fulfilled the Secretary’s obligations under this section. (ii) The number of veterans who are served by Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists hired under subsection (a)(1), disaggregated by demographics (including discharge sta-tus). (iii) An identification of any subgroups of veterans who underutilize services provided under laws administered by the Secretary and to which they are referred by a Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist. (iv) Such recommendations as the Comp-troller General may have for the Secretary to improve the effectiveness of the Veterans Justice Outreach Program. (e) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out subsection (a) $5,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2028. (2) I
DENTIFICATION OF OFFSETS .—The Sec- retary shall submit to Congress a report that identifies such legislative or administrative actions as the Secretary determines will re-sult in a reduction in expenditures by the Department of Veterans Affairs that is equal to or greater than the amounts authorized to be appropriated by paragraph (1). (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) J
USTICE TEAM .—The term ‘‘justice team’’ means the group of individuals, which may include a judge, court coordinator, pros-ecutor, public defender, treatment provider, probation or other law enforcement officer, program mentor, and Veterans Justice Out-reach Specialist, who assist justice-involved veterans in a veterans treatment court or other veteran-focused court. (2) J
USTICE -INVOLVED VETERAN .—The term ‘‘justice-involved veteran’’ means a veteran with active, ongoing, or recent contact with some component of a local criminal justice system. (3) L
OCAL CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘local criminal justice system’’ means law enforcement, jails, prisons, and Federal, State, and local courts. (4) V
ETERANS JUSTICE OUTREACH PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘Veterans Justice Out-reach Program’’ means the program through which the Department of Veterans Affairs identifies justice-involved veterans and pro-vides such veterans with access to Depart-ment services. (5) V
ETERANS JUSTICE OUTREACH SPE -
CIALIST .—The term ‘‘Veterans Justice Out-reach Specialist’’ means an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who serves as a liaison between the Department and the local criminal justice system on behalf of a justice-involved veteran. (6) V
ETERANS TREATMENT COURT .—The term ‘‘veterans treatment court’’ means a Fed-eral, State, or local court that is partici-pating in the veterans treatment court pro-gram (as defined in section 2991(i)(1) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(i)(1))). 
The bill (S. 946), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO SUBMIT CERTAIN REPORTS Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 1725 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.064 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1191 February 15, 2018 
A bill (H.R. 1725) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit certain reports relating to medical evidence submitted in support of claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 1725) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
VETERANS CARE FINANCIAL PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 3122 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3122) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to include on the internet website of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs a warning regarding dishonest, preda-tory, or otherwise unlawful practices tar-geting individuals who are eligible for in-creased pension on the basis of need for reg-ular aid and attendance, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3122) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
LEXINGTON VA HEALTH CARE SYSTEM Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 4533, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4533) to designate the health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lex-ington VA Health Care System’’ and to make certain other designations. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4533) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. f 
APPOINTMENTS AUTHORITY Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Sen-ate, the President pro tempore, and the majority and minority leaders be au-thorized to make appointments to com-missions, committees, boards, con-ferences, or interparliamentary con-ferences authorized by law, by concur-rent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair announces, on behalf of the ma-jority leader, pursuant to the provi-sions of Public Law 93–112, as amended by Public Law 112–166, and further amended by Public Law 113–128, the re-appointment of the following to serve as a member of the National Council on Disability: Neil Romano of Maryland. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2018, THROUGH MONDAY, FEB-RUARY 26, 2018 Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, February 16 at 12 noon; Tuesday, Feb-ruary 20 at 5 p.m.; Friday, February 23 at 2 p.m. I further ask that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, February 23, it next convene at 3 p.m., Monday, February 26, and that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following the closing of morning business, Sen-ator P
ETERS be recognized to deliver Washington’s Farewell Address; fur-ther, that following the address, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Branch nomination; finally, that not-withstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture vote on the Branch nomination occur at 5:30 p.m., Monday, February 26. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TOMORROW Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:58 p.m., adjourned until Friday, February 16, 2018, at 12 noon. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
NAOMI C. EARP, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE, VICE JOE LEONARD, JR. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
THELMA DRAKE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE FEDERAL TRAN-SIT ADMINISTRATOR, VICE PETER M. ROGOFF, RE-SIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
JAMES REILLY, OF COLORADO, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY, VICE SU-ZETTE M. KIMBALL. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JOSEPH CELLA, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF FIJI, AND TO SERVE CONCURRENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDITIONAL COM-PENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF KIRIBATI, THE REPUBLIC OF NAURU, THE KINGDOM OF TONGA, AND TUVALU. DAVID B. CORNSTEIN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO HUNGARY. GEORGETTE MOSBACHER, OF FLORIDA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
JEAN CAROL HOVLAND, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE COM-MISSIONER OF THE ADMINISTRATION FOR NATIVE AMERICANS, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, VICE LILLIAN A. SPARKS. 
THE JUDICIARY  
MARK JEREMY BENNETT, OF HAWAII, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT, VICE RICHARD R. CLIFTON, RETIRED. NANCY E. BRASEL, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF MIN-NESOTA, VICE ANN D. MONTGOMERY, RETIRED. THOMAS S. KLEEH, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF WEST VIRGINIA, VICE IRENE M. KEELEY, RETIRED. ANDREW S. OLDHAM, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT, VICE EDWARD C. PRADO, RETIRING. PETER J. PHIPPS, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA, VICE TERRENCE F. MCVERRY, RE-TIRED. MICHAEL Y. SCUDDER, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SEVENTH CIRCUIT, VICE RICHARD A. POSNER, RETIRED. AMY J. ST. EVE, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SEVENTH CIRCUIT, VICE ANN CLAIRE WILLIAMS, RETIRED. ERIC C. TOSTRUD, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF MIN-NESOTA, VICE DONOVAN W. FRANK, RETIRED. CHARLES J. WILLIAMS, OF IOWA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF IOWA, VICE LINDA R. READE, RETIRED. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate February 15, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
JOHN MARSHALL MITNICK, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE GEN-ERAL COUNSEL, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JOHN C. DEMERS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
NEIL JACOBS, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JOSEPH D. BROWN, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. MATTHEW D. KRUEGER, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF WIS-CONSIN FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. NORMAN EUELL ARFLACK, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G15FE6.065 S15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1192 February 15, 2018 
TED G. KAMATCHUS, OF IOWA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF IOWA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JOEL DANIES, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE GABONESE REPUBLIC, AND TO SERVE CONCUR-RENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE DEMO-CRATIC REPUBLIC OF SAO TOME AND PRINCIPE. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JOHN H. DURHAM, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF CONNECTICUT FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. MICHAEL T. BAYLOUS, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE SOUTHERN DIS-TRICT OF WEST VIRGINIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. DANIEL R. MCKITTRICK, OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
JOHN HENDERSON, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE. MICHAEL D. GRIFFIN, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RESEARCH AND ENGINEER-ING. WILLIAM ROPER, OF GEORGIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE. PHYLLIS L. BAYER, OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
HOLLY W. GREAVES, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
JOHN H. GIBSON II, OF TEXAS, TO BE CHIEF MANAGE-MENT OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
MELISSA F. BURNISON, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (CONGRESSIONAL AND INTERGOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS). 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
PETER HENDRICK VROOMAN, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF RWANDA. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JOHN C. ANDERSON, OF NEW MEXICO, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. BRANDON J. FREMIN, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF LOU-ISIANA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. JOSEPH P. KELLY, OF NEBRASKA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. SCOTT W. MURRAY, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW HAMP-SHIRE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. DAVID C. WEISS, OF DELAWARE, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. DAVID G. JOLLEY, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TEN-NESSEE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. THOMAS M. GRIFFIN, JR., OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
LISA GORDON–HAGERTY, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY FOR NUCLEAR SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
KEVIN FAHEY, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. THOMAS E. AYRES, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE GEN-ERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15FE6.007 S15FEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE191 February 15, 2018 
HONORING PAUL CLARK AS THE WEST SENECA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE’S CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mr. Paul Clark of West Seneca as he is presented with the 2018 Cit-izen of the Year Award by the West Seneca Chamber of Commerce at Kloc’s Grove. Paul has proven a recognized leader in his commu-nity through his extensive public service. Paul has worked as a certified public ac-countant for over four decades. He belongs to the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants and is a partner at the firm Clark & Nihill. As a member of the Construction Ex-change of the New York Board of Governors, he has trained local contractors in accounting and finance. As a leader, mentor, and engaged neighbor, Paul has been a Cub Scout Den Leader, coach of St. John Vianney’s Boys Basketball, and sponsor of West Seneca Girls Softball. He has belonged to the local Rotary Chapter for over thirty years, serving in every position. Initiatives Paul has been involved with have improved quality of life in Western New York, and include bringing the Koessler Center to Canisius College, and assisting in the char-tering and organization of the board of the Burchfield Nature and Art Center. As a mem-ber of the YMCA Capital Board he advised members to create Ismailia Shrine Temple and to bring the Y to the Southtowns. Paul’s volunteer efforts reflect his commit-ment to history, economic development, edu-cation, healthcare and an appreciation for an iconic American automobile. The Pan-Am Ex-position Society, West Seneca Development Corp., Bennett High School, Mercy Flight, and the Western New York Mustang Car Club have benefitted from his good and generous works. Mr. Speaker, I want to honor Mr. Paul Clark as the West Seneca Chamber of Commerce’s 2018 Citizen of the Year. His dedication to our community is commendable, and I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CITY OF ROCKLIN, CA 125TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, the City of Rocklin, California celebrates its 125th Anni-versary on February 24, 2018. The city was incorporated on February 24, 1893, becoming the 95th city in California. Rocklin has a vibrant history. Through grit, determination and hard work, the City built a foundation on granite mining and railroads. Rocklin was first recognized as a destination on the transcontinental railroad in 1864, about the same time granite mining began. By 1910, 22 quarries were operating and shipping near-ly 2,000 carloads of granite. Rocklin granite was used to build the state capitol and many buildings in San Francisco. In 1908, Southern Pacific announced that the railyards would be moved to Roseville, causing many residents to abandon their homes and follow the company. The granite industry also declined precipitously. The citi-zens persisted by starting small businesses, granite operations, agriculture, and a friendly, communal environment until the 1950s, when signs of growth began again. The construction of Highway 80 beginning in 1958 began to ex-pand the City’s potential for development. The Rocklin Sierra College campus was completed in 1961, and suburban expansion led to growth in the housing market during the late 1950s and 1960s. Rocklin realized the benefits of a low cost of living and land that drew high technology firms and other industries to the region. This re-sulted in an expansion of commercial and resi-dential development, including Stanford Ranch, a 3,000 acre planned community. By 2016, it was the fourth-fastest growing city in California. In 2016, the city completed an $11.3 million interchange at Highway 65 and Whitney Ranch Parkway, providing increased access to nearly 200 acres for development. Abundant parks, trails, and open space make Rocklin that much more enjoyable. The City protects its natural resources and recently completed the purchase of approximately 184 acres of land that was previously the site of the Rocklin Golf Club. This green space at the heart of the city will provide an oasis for out-door activities and opportunities for expansion of recreation, parks and trails systems. I am excited to celebrate Rocklin’s 125th Anniversary, and look forward to the continued successes of the city. f 
COMMENDING JAY SORENSEN 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend Jay Sorensen upon his induction into the California Outdoors Hall of Fame. This honor is a testament to his dedication in working to promote conservation. As a lifelong fishing lover, his tireless advo-cacy for the Delta has not only inspired thou-sands of others to take part in the great out-doors, but has also helped preserve the Del-ta’s waters and wildlife for future generations to appreciate. This incredible commitment to our region and to conservation merits our highest distinction. On behalf of the people of California’s 3rd Congressional District, I offer my sincere con-gratulations as well as my best wishes for the years ahead. f 
THE FIGHT TO DEFEAT MALARIA 
HON. JAMIE RASKIN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of U.S. leadership to end ma-laria globally, a movement driven by the Presi-dent’s Malaria Initiative and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria. These benchmark programs have helped save the lives of seven million people from this dev-astating disease for nearly two decades. I am proud to represent the 8th District of Maryland, where many of the major life-saving scientific discoveries have occurred, notably at the Wal-ter Reed Army Institute of Research and the National Institutes of Health. As a leader in the fight to eliminate malaria, the U.S. has helped create and advance life- saving interventions like insecticide-treated bed nets, indoor residual spray, and rapid di-agnostic tests throughout endemic regions in-cluding Sub-Saharan Africa, South America, and Southeast Asia. Between 2000 and 2015, the U.S. and our global partners have driven down malaria death rates by 62 percent over-all, and by 69 percent for children under five. Yet, despite this progress, more work remains: the World Health Organization (WHO) re-ported 445,000 deaths in 2016 caused by this preventable and treatable disease. In its World Malaria Report of 2017, the WHO highlighted the successes and short-comings of the global community’s efforts to combat this disease, which is still killing hun-dreds of thousands of people every year. While annual reports have noted steady de-clines in deaths and infections caused by ma-laria, progress has stalled due to insecticide and drug resistance, stagnant funding from global and domestic partners, and political in-stability. For the first time since 2000, when the global community first came together to end malaria, infection rates increased and death rates did not decline. This is the stark reality of the fight against malaria: when atten-tion and funding shrink, the disease thrives and spreads. I urge my colleagues to join me in con-tinuing our bipartisan commitment to defeating malaria, including full funding of the Presi-dent’s Malaria Initiative and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria. To-gether, we can ensure that a day will arrive when no child will ever again die from a mos-quito bite. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE8.001 E15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE192 February 15, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF MEMORIAL BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 100th Anniversary of Memorial Baptist Church, located in the city of Baytown in East Harris County. This area was mainly a farming and ranch-ing community known as Goose Creek, until oil was found there in 1907 and it quickly be-came a rowdy and untidy camp. In 1918, Rev-erend J. W. Anderson felt that God was calling him to organize a church in Goose Creek. At this time a group of Christian women held a prayer meeting in their homes and the First Baptist Church of Goose Creek was organized with eight members. Reverend Anderson was named the pastor and the first building was built. In 1927, the church had grown to 614 members and Reverend J. D. Fuller became the new pastor. Due to their increased size, the congregation needed a larger building. This building cost $50,000 and they had a hard time making payments during the depres-sion. On December 7, 1945, the cities of Pelly annexed Goose Creek and Baytown. At this time, the church changed its name to Memo-rial Baptist Church and built a new sanctuary on Sterling Street. In 2008 Memorial Church and Trinity Baptist Church voted to donate their church buildings on Highway 146 to Memorial. This new area became the North Campus of Memorial Bap-tist Church and Reverend Andrew McDaniel was named pastor. On 25 August 2017, Hurri-cane Harvey came ashore in Texas. It flooded Baytown and other areas along the coast. Me-morial Baptist Church’s gym was used as a shelter for over 180 people. A deacon of the church named Robby Davis along with a team of other church members helped to clean out homes to be repaired. They moved furniture, cabinets, flooring and sheet rock. Some peo-ple did day labor, furnished food, washed clothes and provided places for victims of the storm to stay. Memorial North Campus was also flooded and on November 4, 2017, they were able to worship at that location again. On 25 February 2018, this church will cele-brate being a century old. God has used Me-morial Baptist Church as an amazing witness for 100 years and I am privileged to have such a place of worship in my district. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KEVIN M CALEENAN 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kevin McAleenan, Acting Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP): Mr. McAleenan has been chosen as the United States’ honoree for the prestigious League of United Latin American Citizens Council No. 12 (LULAC) Sen˜or Internacional award. Following his graduation with a Bachelor of Arts from Amherst College, Mr. McAleenan earned a Juris Doctor degree from the Univer-sity of Chicago Law School. Thereafter, he worked at a private law firm in California. However, he was motivated to work in public service after the events of September 11, 2001. He joined the Office of Anti-Terrorism at U.S. Customs Service, a legacy organization of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, where he was eventually named as the Director. Mr. McAleenan became Acting Commis-sioner of CBP on January 20th, 2017. Prior to his role as Acting Commissioner, Mr. McAleenan held several leadership positions with U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in-cluding Deputy Commissioner of CBP and As-sistant Commissioner at the Office of Field Operations. Upon Mr. McAleenan’s appoint-ment to Deputy Commissioner, former CBP Commissioner R. Gil Kerlikowske spoke of McAleenan highly, saying, ‘‘His dedication, his vision to transform CBP and to ensure that we remain the nation’s premier law enforcement agency, is truly astounding.’’ Throughout his career, Mr. McAleenan worked to increase security at the border, im-proved terrorism detection and response tac-tics, and supervised the trade and travel at over 300 domestic ports of entry. In his cur-rent role, he has three core missions: counter-terrorism, border security, and trade enforce-ment. Mr. McAleenan oversees 60,000 em-ployees and directs the largest law-enforce-ment agency in the federal government. For his work, Mr. McAleenan received the Service to America Medal, Call to Service Award, and in 2015, he was honored with a Presidential Rank Award, the nation’s highest civil service award. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize Mr. Kevin McAleenan. I congratulate him on receiving the prestigious LULAC No. 12 Sen˜or Internacional award. f 
SAN ANTONIO’S TERCENTENNIAL YEAR—1718 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the City of San Antonio and its residents on the 300th anniversary of the city’s founding. San Antonio has grown from a small farming community along the banks of the San Antonio River into the 7th largest city in the United States. Its rich history and vibrant culture is what makes it truly unique. The first flag to fly over Texas was the Spanish flag. Spain laid official claim to what is now parts of Texas from 1716 to 1821, as part of the Viceroyalty of New Spain, or Colonial Mexico. On May 1, 1718, the Mission San Antonio de Valero—later known as the Alamo—was established. The Tejanos’ place in Texas history took root in the 1700s when the land was under Spanish rule. A group of mostly Spanish-Indi-ans loyal to the Spanish crown pushed their colonial empire north from Mexico to found a military post and religious missions to estab-lish San Antonio. As frontier people, they were mainly ranchers and farmers and developed a culture unique to them. Settling northeastern Mexico, the area of modem day San Antonio, many of their customs reflected that of tradi-tional Mexican heritage, but with an inde-pendent Texas twist. San Antonio is home to five missions estab-lished along the San Antonio River in the 1700s by Catholic missionaries. The five mis-sions are all but three miles apart from each other: Mission San Antonio de Valero (The Alamo), Mission Concepcion, Mission San Jose, Mission San Juan, and Mission Espada. The missions served to make the American In-dians into Spanish citizens. By entering the missions, the Indians pledged to follow the rules of Spain. They set aside their traditional life to learn a new language, accept a new re-ligion and pledge allegiance to a new king. Today the missions represent a connection with our past. The missions depict classic Spanish architecture, domes and bell towers, and sanctuaries that still have active parishes and cultural centers. The missions are a part of every Texan’s history. Military Plaza was first established in 1722 as a parade ground and market square for the Spanish troops stationed there. Today, the only noticeable evidence of the Spanish troops marching and living in the plaza is the Spanish Governor’s Palace. The area has been the heart of the city and today is the commercial and government center of San Antonio. Any Texan will tell you that water is very im-portant to our state, and water is what contrib-uted to San Antonio’s rich history. The San Antonio River comes from the Edwards Aqui-fer Spring Field north of downtown San Anto-nio. With this natural resource, the missions and plaza were located close by. It provided a clean reliable source to the missionaries and soldiers. The river supported agricultural operations at the missions through an irrigation system created by the early settlers. Portions of this water system remain used today, 300 years later. Over the years, the Tejanos prospered and furthered their distinction from the Spanish crown and from other parts of Mexico. A failed attempt by the Tejanos against Spanish rule gained new hope when Mexico won independ-ence from Spain in 1831. By this time Texas had seen a significant in-flux of settlers from the United States, and like the Tejanos, had a culture unique as the land it occupied. As Texas’ distinction from Mexico grew, so did the desire for local rule and sov-ereignty. The passion for independence spread throughout Texas and San Antonio and on March 2, 1836, 54 delegates signed the Texas Declaration of Independence and the fight for freedom began. 187 freedom fighters started assembling in an old beat-up mission in San Antonio. Juan Seguı´n and his company of Tejanos rode into the Alamo and readied for battle alongside William Barrett Travis, Jim Bowie and Davy Crockett. This rag-tag group of re-lentless patriots, made up of men from nearly every state in the Union and 13 foreign coun-tries, including Mexico, readied for one of the most storied battles in our history. Outnumbered by an overwhelming Mexican army, these Texas warriors knew that sur-render was not an option. Retreat was never on the table. Victory or death. On February 23, 1836, Santa Ana’s army of 1500 well-armed troops unleashed on the de-fenders of the Alamo. During the siege, Travis sent out his famous call for reinforcements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15FE8.004 E15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE193 February 15, 2018 
Juan Seguı´n was the last messenger to leave, riding through enemy lines carrying the final message from the beleaguered mission. Un-fortunately, the call for help was not answered in time. Travis and 187 volunteers sacrificed their lives on the altar of freedom after thirteen glorious days at the Alamo. Regrouping in Gonzales, Seguı´n and his company of Tejanos joined General Sam Houston in the final battle for independence along the marshy banks of the San Jacinto River. This was the only Tejano unit at San Jacinto. As not to confuse the Tejanos with Santa Anna’s army, General Sam had Seguı ´n put a playing card in the head band of each Tejano so they could easily be recognized. In an impromptu siege on the sleeping enemy, General Sam and his boys routed the Mexican Army yelling, ‘‘Remember the Alamo!’’ ‘‘Re-member Goliad!’’ Most of the enemy were killed or wounded. The rest were captured or disappeared, the victory was stunning. Texas became a free, independent nation that day and claimed what is now Texas and parts of New Mexico, Oklahoma, Kansas, Col-orado and Wyoming. In June of 1836, Juan Seguı´n accepted the official Mexican sur-render of San Antonio and later saw that the remains of those that perished at the Alamo received an honorable burial. A plaque on the Alamo wall states: ‘‘The Alamo: The Thermopylae of Texas.’’ The Alamo is a tribute to all those that are defiant against any form of tyranny. It is important for us to recognize all those that sacrificed for freedom, yesterday, today and tomorrow. Re-member who we are and what we stand for— remember the Alamo. Whether it is the river walk, historic mis-sions, floating parades, amazing food or the Alamo that you love about going to San Anto-nio; there is something for everyone of every age. This year as San Antonio celebrates 300 years of history, I encourage everyone, wheth-er you’re a longtime Texan or a transplant, to take the time and learn something new about San Antonio’s unique and fascinating history. Three centuries later, that same dogged deter-mination that filled that little Spanish mission is what continues to set Texas apart from all the rest. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF SENSIBLE ENFORCEMENT OF CANNABIS ACT 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, in January, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) rescinded the Cole Memorandum, a directive which has provided a framework for states to pursue rea-sonable regulation of cannabis. DOJ’s ill-con-ceived decision adversely affects states, in-cluding the State of California, that have in ‘‘good faith’’ implemented regulatory frame-works, relying on the memo. In November 2016, the people of California spoke up and voted in favor of Proposition 64, which legalized recreational cannabis, joining seven states in our nation in making rec-reational cannabis legal. Currently, those laws are being implemented. The recent action by the Attorney General puts the industry in jeop-ardy. The State of California has the sixth largest economy in the world and accounts for almost 15 percent of our nation’s Gross Domestic Product. Given the implementation of tax re-form and elimination of State and Local Tax deductions in the coming year, coupled with our limited federal budget due to sequestra-tion, California and other states will experience funding shortfalls that need to be addressed. The economic constraints being placed on California will slow down our economy, but marijuana sales taxes will help provide stability and be a mechanism used to fill the funding gaps. By 2020, marijuana sales taxes are esti-mated to potentially reach $1 billion annually in revenue for California. To date, eight states have legalized rec-reational cannabis and twenty-nine states and the District of Columbia—which represent more than half of the American population— have enacted legislation to permit the use of medical marijuana. The repeal of the Cole Memo contravenes the will of the American public. Furthermore, this decision will nega-tively affect numerous Americans who utilize marijuana for medical purposes. Therefore, I am introducing the bipartisan Sensible Enforcement of Cannabis Act with Representative GAETZ. This legislation will pro-hibit the Attorney General from prosecuting in-dividuals for any conduct that concerns medic-inal cannabis or recreational use of cannabis in states that have authorized cannabis laws. The bill would also include exceptions in which the Attorney General would be able to pros-ecute such cases involving the distribution of cannabis to minors, among others. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF JIM D
EGOOD 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Jim DeGood who passed away peacefully on January 22, 2018 in Niles, Ohio. I can’t really speak of Jim with-out speaking of Nancy in the same breath. They were partners in every sense of the word. And they were a force for me when I first started running for political office. I am for-ever indebted to them for helping launch my career. Jim was born on May 7, 1935 in Marysville, Ohio to Max and Marjory Schoenleb DeGood. He was the oldest of four children. Jim was a 1953 graduate of Marysville High School where he was an honors student, president of student council, and recipient of nine varsity letters in three different sports. He continued his education at The Ohio State University earning a Bachelor’s of Science Degree in Business Administration in 1953. He began his career with the underwriting division of the Glens Falls Insurance Company at their Columbus office later becoming the manager of that department. In 1967, he moved to Warren, Ohio and joined the Gam-ble Insurance Agency. Some years later, Jim and his partners purchased The Gamble Agency. It continued to operate in Howland as the Gibson-DeGood Insurance Agency until Jim retired. Jim was also a member of the Independent Insurance Agents Association of Trumbull County being the treasurer of that or-ganization for over 25 years. Outside of work, Jim was a member of Our Lady of Mount Carmel Parish in Niles, Ohio. Additionally, he was an active participant in various business and social organization in the community, including The Chamber, Kiwanis, YMCA, TAG, Butler Art, The Buckeye Club, Trumbull County Club, Ohio State Faculty Club, and the Ohio State Alumni Association. Jim also enjoyed spending time with his family and friends. He enjoyed traveling, cooking, and taking care of his home. Above all, he was an avid sports fan of the Indians, the Browns, and the Cavs. One of the highlights of his life was a visit to Augusta National Golf Course to witness the play of the Masters Golf Tournament. He especially enjoyed watching Ohio State Football games. He was a season ticket holder for 48 years, following the Buck-eyes to several bowl games across the coun-try. He will be truly missed by his wife Nancy Vennitti DeGood, the love of his life; his son, Douglas DeGood of Charleston, South Caro-lina; his daughter Terri Pytlik of Warren; his brother Jerry DeGood and his wife Mary of Brookville, Florida; and by so many others who had the pleasure of knowing Jim. I extend my deepest and sincerest condolences. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FRESH START ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, in the wake of the release of President Trump’s outrageous budget that slashes funding for programs that help reduce crime and reduce recidivism, I rise in support of the Fresh Start Act, a bill I reintroduced earlier today that will bring posi-tive reform to our criminal justice system. If enacted, the Fresh Start Act would allow certain individuals who have been convicted of nonviolent offenses, have paid their debt to society, and are now law-abiding members of the community to petition courts to have their nonviolent conviction expunged from their records. A criminal record, even for a minor, non-violent offense, can pose as a barrier to em-ployment, education and housing opportuni-ties—the very things necessary to start one’s life over. This is not only bad for rehabilitated offend-ers, it is bad for their families and for the com-munities in which they live. The Fresh Start Act would give nonviolent offenders a chance to start over again, a chance to become productive members of so-ciety. The bill allows offenders to apply for expungement to the court where they were sentenced and allows the United States Attor-ney for that District to submit recommenda-tions to the court. Applicants who are denied could reapply once every two years. Once seven years have elapsed since an offender has completed their sentence, expungement would be automatically granted. However, sex offenders and those who commit crimes caus-ing a loss of over $25,000 would not be eligi-ble for automatic expungement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15FE8.003 E15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE194 February 15, 2018 
Finally, the bill would also encourage states to pass their own expungement laws for state offenses. States that pass a substantially simi-lar law would receive a 5 percent increase in their Byrne funding while those that do not would lose 5 percent of their Byrne funds. It is one thing to convict someone of a non-violent crime. It is quite another to condemn him to a de facto life sentence for it. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
HONORING THE WEST SENECA YOUTH THEATRE AS COMMUNITY SERVICE ORGANIZATION OF THE YEAR 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the West Seneca Youth Theatre, as the West Seneca Chamber of Commerce names the group 2018 Community Service Organization of the Year during their annual Community Awards ceremony at Kloc’s Grove. The West Seneca Youth Theatre was founded in 2005 to give children ages 10 to 17 an opportunity to perform in a theatrical set-ting. Since its creation, the theatre has pre-sented numerous productions of professional caliber, teaching children the value of hard work, friendship, and giving back to others. In addition to performing at local schools, the West Seneca Youth Theatre has enter-tained at the Kiwanis Club’s annual Christmas and Easter celebrations for adults with disabil-ities, and has visited and performed at as-sisted living and long-term-care facilities in-cluding the Garden Gate Health Care facility and Father Baker Manor. A fixture in the community, the West Sen-eca Youth Theatre presents Christmas carols at the Southgate Plaza annually, and has fre-quently been invited to perform at Town of West Seneca-sponsored programs. Outside of bringing entertainment and joy to many, the theatre troupe consistently gives back to the community. Following extensive flood damage in 2014 to the Lexington Green neighborhood, children in the theatre raised more than $9,000 for those affected. Each year, students and directors volunteer their time and expertise to West Middle School pro-ductions, as well as loaning out set pieces and costumes to various school productions in the area. Mr. Speaker, I wish to take this opportunity to recognize the West Seneca Youth Theatre. I congratulate the West Seneca Youth Theatre as the recipient of the 2018 Community Serv-ice Organization of the Year award and wish them continued success in all their future en-deavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. ZACHARY LOOK 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, it is my privi-lege to recognize Mr. Zachary Look, who is in-terning in my office with the Uni-Capitol Wash-ington Program. The Uni-Capitol Washington Program (UCWIP) has paired some of the brightest Australian students with various con-gressional offices for almost two decades and I am happy to be a host again this year. Zac comes to us from Griffith University in Queensland and is currently pursuing a de-gree in government and international relations. Over the past month, I have found him to be outstanding in his duties and he has gone above and beyond our expectations. He has attended committee hearings, drafted con-stituent correspondence, and assisted me as well as my staff with research. His Australian accent has garnered the attention of many of my constituents on tours and over the phone. Zac’s commitment, hard work, and presence have been an asset to the office. The program has been in force for 19 years thanks to the vision of Eric Federing, its direc-tor and founder. The students who are se-lected come from a variety of academic dis-ciplines, but all have a common interest: pro-moting the U.S.-Australia relationship. These student placements are enhanced by the for-mation of genuine friendships and the ex-change of views and ideas between the Aus-tralian interns and their respective offices. We are grateful for these friendships and it is our hope that they strengthen the diplomatic ties of our great countries. I would like to thank Eric Federing for the opportunity to host Zac over the past several weeks. To date, over 210 interns have come through his program representing nine dif-ferent universities. It enhances opportunities for the individuals who come and enlighten those who they come to. After the internship, many receive jobs on Capitol Hill in Wash-ington, D.C. or go to work with Federal or var-ious State Parliaments in Australia. Other in-terns have gone on to work in the Australian Embassy or The World Bank. Simply put, this program selects incredibly talented individuals that are a pleasure to host and work with. It was an honor to have Zac in our office, and I wish him the very best in the future. I thank Zac for his hard work and dedication. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE GENOA HIGH SCHOOL WRES-TLING TEAM FOR WINNING THE OHSAA STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Genoa High School Comets for winning the Ohio School Athletic Association Division III Team Wrestling Championship. This title was the first team state championship of any kind in the school’s history. Having placed runner-up at last year’s championships, the number one seeded Com-ets defeated Massillon Tuslaw 40–20 in the final to secure the state title and cap off an undefeated season. These student-athletes gave it their all, and their community should be proud of them. Wrestling is a technical sport that requires at-tention to detail, endurance, and toughness. It’s a testament to the dedication and hard work of the Genoa team and the coaching staff that they were able to achieve this suc-cess. Once again, congratulations to Coach Bob Bergman and the Comets on the state cham-pionship. Great job Genoa wrestling. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE STATE IN-SURANCE REGULATION PRESER-VATION ACT 
HON. KEITH J. ROTHFUS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, together with my colleague Representative B
EATTY , I am pleased to introduce today the State Insurance Regulation Preservation Act. This legislation will ensure that the regulation of insurance savings and loan holding companies reflects our state system of insurance regulation while protecting policyholders and depositors. The Dodd-Frank Act brought insurance sav-ings and loan holding companies under Fed-eral Reserve Supervision for the first time. As such, these insurance companies are currently regulated by both the states, and the Federal Reserve. Consistent with the Dodd-Frank Act’s reaffirmation that insurance should be regu-lated by the states, our legislation remedies the current structural inefficiency by allowing the Federal Reserve to ensure that the holding company is well capitalized, while leaving the day-to-day regulation to the states. The bill accomplishes this providing that in-surance savings and loan holding companies that meet state and federal capital standards are regulated day-to-day by the states. The Federal Reserve would remain the backstop regulator for these companies and would re-tain the ability to step in if capital levels were insufficient, and also would retain general emergency authority to step as the day-to-day regulator. The thrifts in these companies would continue to be regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and Fed-eral Reserve would retain the ability to exam-ine material subsidiaries. This legislation is important and helpful be-cause Dodd-Frank did not provide specific in-structions on how the Federal Reserve super-vision should complement state insurance su-pervision for companies that are subject to both. We believe this legislation would create greater regulatory efficiency, without con-straining the Federal Reserve’s ability to fulfill its statutory mandate to protect the safety and soundness of these institutions. As we developed this bill, both members of Congress and regulators identified potential improvements to ensure that the objectives of this bill are met. In particular, we are com-mitted to preventing gaps in regulation, and ensuring that the Federal Reserve has ade-quate information and authority to step in when needed. Our objective is to pass a bill that embodies sound public policy and enjoys broad bipartisan support. We look forward to continued dialogue and hope our colleagues can support this needed legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE8.006 E15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE195 February 15, 2018 
HONORING THE RETURN OF SAM JOHNSON AND THE 45TH ANNI-VERSARY OF OPERATION HOME-COMING 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the 45th anniversary of my friend and hero, Congressman S
AM J
OHNSON , returning home from his imprison-ment in a North Vietnamese prison camp dur-ing the Vietnam War. Operation Homecoming, which occurred from February through April in 1973, returned 591 American prisoners of war held during the Vietnam War. During S
AM’s tenure of nearly three decades in the United States Air Force, he unfortu-nately spent nearly seven years as a prisoner of war in Vietnam. During his time in captivity, S
AMendured various forms of torture, de-signed to break his will. His continuous defi-ance caused his Vietnamese captors to place Congressman J
OHNSON in a notoriously cruel prisoner of war camp, nicknamed the ‘‘Hanoi Hilton.’’ Even after being subjected to 42 months of solitary confinement and repeatedly tortured, S
AMnever let his captors defeat his resistant spirit and will. On February 17, 1973, S
AMwas able to return home to Texas, where he was greeted by his family. Colonel J
OHNSON retired after 29–years in the United States Air Force, serving as a di-rector of the Air Force Fighter Weapons School, a commander of the 31st Tactical Fighter Wing at Homestead Air Reserve Base, a commander with an air division out of Holloman Air Force Base, and a pilot in the Air Force Thunderbirds. Flying over 62 combat missions and being a combat veteran of both the Vietnam and Korean Wars, S
AMencap- sulates patriotism and dedication to his coun-try. For his service, S
AMwas awarded two Sil-ver Stars, two Legions of Merit, the Distin-guished Flying Cross, and a Bronze Star, among other well-earned awards. It is a privilege and an honor to serve along-side one of my personal heroes and true friends. We first served together in the Texas State Legislature from 1987 until 1991, when Congressman J
OHNSON was elected to rep-resent Texas’ 3rd Congressional District. Since being elected in 2005 for the 24th Dis-trict of Texas, I have been fortunate to con-tinue to serve alongside S
AMnot only in the House of Representatives, but on the Ways and Means Committee as well. My esteemed colleague epitomizes service and dedication to our country, with a full and accomplished ca-reer of public service after serving valiantly in our military. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize the 45th anniversary of Congressman S
AM J
OHNSON ’s release, and congratulate him on his lifetime of service. I ask all of my col-leagues to join me in recognizing the anniver-sary of S
AM’s return to the United States; and in remembering this anniversary, we also re-member all of those captured and imprisoned defending our liberty and freedom. HONORING WENDY PIASECKI AS EDUCATOR OF THE YEAR HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mrs. Wendy Piasecki as she is presented with the 2018 Educator of the Year award by the West Seneca Chamber of Commerce at Kloc’s Grove. Mrs. Pasiecki exemplifies dedication as an educator, and West Seneca is fortunate to benefit from her talents. Forty years ago, Mrs. Piasecki began her career by earning her Master of Music degree in composition theory. At age 40, Mrs. Piasecki boldly decided to go back to school and attain a teaching certificate. Mrs. Piasecki devoted her career to music education in and outside of schools. In her two decades plus in the West Seneca Central School District, Mrs. Piasecki has taught music education and theater at nearly every grade level and at every school. She has tu-tored students outside of school in music the-ory and piano. Outside of the classroom, Mrs. Pasiecki has helped students in extracurricular activities, such as preparing for the Erie Coun-ty Music Educators Association Music Festival, chaperoning students’ trips to the Young Peo-ple’s concert at Fantasy Island, directing musi-cals, and even presenting student performers at the Junior Musical Theater Celebration at Shea’s Theater, one of Buffalo’s finest per-formance venues. Educators like Mrs. Piasecki, who invest themselves in the children and our community, are part of what makes Western New York such a special place. Because of her dedica-tion, parents can rest assured that their kids will be attending school in a supportive envi-ronment that allows them to explore their cre-ative sides while receiving a first-rate edu-cation. Mr. Speaker, once again I want to honor Mrs. Wendy Piasecki as she receives the West Seneca Chamber of Commerce’s 2018 Educator of the Year award. Her personal de-votion to teaching serves as a model for future educators and an inspiration to all of us who believe in public service. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MRS. LOVEY ANNA LEAVELL 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the generous, path-breaking life of Mrs. Lovey Anna Leavell of Sandusky, Ohio. Lovey passed from this life on Saturday, January 22, 2018 after a short illness. She will be truly missed by her family and friends. Lovey was indefatigable. Lovey’s involvement and commitment to her hometown of Sandusky was known by every-one in the area. Her life of service to her com-munity started at the historic Second Baptist Church where she served as Church Sec-retary, Choir Director, teacher, and Sunday school superintendent. It is also here where she would meet her husband of 60 plus years, Daniel Leavell. Once her children became school age and began to attend Sandusky City Schools she became active in the school system as well. When her children were young she worked for the school district as a teacher’s aide, bus driver, and served as the Treasurer for the Sandusky Band Parents Association. Her dedication to the Sandusky City schools con-tinued always. Even after her children grad-uated, she continued her connection to the school by working as a substitute teacher. Civil rights was a cause that Lovey was committed to as well. As a lifetime member of the Sandusky NAACP, she worked on a num-ber of committees for her local branch. She would help set up meetings at which local poli-ticians would be able to talk about issues dealing not only with civil rights, but also other important issues that impacted the community. Her commitment to civil rights was one of the main reasons she decided to become a real-tor. Throughout her life she saw the damage that was being done to minorities due to the effects of redlining. It was her commitment to civil rights that made her want to become a re-altor in order to help people obtain the Amer-ican dream of home ownership. Lovey Leavell was on a first name basis with every elected official that represented the city of Sandusky, from local up through the federal level. It was not uncommon for politi-cians and candidates to call her and her hus-band Dan for advice. She was a lifelong Dem-ocrat, her views on politics were perhaps best described by Sandusky Mayor Dennis Murray when he said this about Lovey, ‘‘She was never about the games of partisanship. She believed totally in people and in the core things that Democrats stand for—equality, op-portunity and good government.’’ Later in life when most people would decide to relax and enjoy their retirement years, Lovey decided it was time for her to get a col-lege degree. She received two degrees, asso-ciates and then bachelors, both from BGSU Firelands. Her time at Firelands was filled not only with classwork but also with trips to the United Nations in New York, involvement with student government, and several other groups. The students there would come to know her as ‘‘Grandma Lovey’’. During her time there she made such an impression on the stu-dents, staff, and faculty she was awarded the Links to Progress Award, the highest honor any person can receive from BGSU Firelands. During Lovey’s final years she served on the Ohio 9th congressional military academy nomination committee in 2015 and 2016. She continued her service on the James McBride Arboretum at BGSU Firelands. She never stopped being a realtor or working for civil rights with the NAACP. Even with her impres-sive life accomplishments, there was one thing Lovey felt she was missing: a Sandusky High School diploma. It was something she had wanted for more than half a century. In Sep-tember of 2017 the Sandusky School Board presented her with an honorary high school di-ploma for her life time commitment to edu-cation and her involvement in the community. Lovey is survived by her husband Dan, chil-dren Dan Jr., Doug and Deanna, a number of grandchildren, family, and friends. We offer them our prayers and hope that they comfort in the wonderful memories of this extraor-dinary woman, our dear friend Lovey. She will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15FE8.011 E15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE196 February 15, 2018 
be remembered with affection and gratitude for a lifetime dedicated so affectionately to making our part of the world a fairer and more loving place in which to live. 
f 
HONORING MR. LERONE BENNET, JR. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to honor a remarkable public servant and hometown hero, Mr. Lerone Bennet, Jr. Mr. Bennet was a native of Clarksdale, Mis-sissippi, and was an editor at Ebony Magazine during the time the publication published the photos of Emmett Till. In addition, he was also a journalist, author, and historian. A friend and Morehouse College classmate of Rev. Dr. Martin L. King, Jr., Mr. Bennet worked tire-lessly in the struggle for Civil Rights. In 1994, Mr. Bennet was appointed to President Clin-ton’s Committee on Arts and Humanities. He also served as an early adviser on the devel-opment of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture. During the last years of his life, Mr. Bennet suffered from vascular dementia. Last night, at 89-years-old, he passed away. Today, we honor the life of Mr. Lerone Ben-net, Jr. and his family. 
f 
HONORING ANGELO NERO 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great re-spect and honor that I rise today to recognize the retirement of Columbia County Coroner, Angelo Nero. Mr. Nero retired January 1 of this year, after dedicating over forty years of his life as Co-lumbia County Coroner. He is remembered for his professional, compassionate, and timely service during his career. Angelo provided exceptional service to the people of Columbia County, while maintaining a professional relationship with local law en-forcement and first responders. His colleagues knew they could always depend on Angelo to respond to phone calls at all hours of the night. During his career, Angelo served as Valatie village trustee and mayor for ten years. Prior to his service at the local level, he served in our Armed Forces during the Korean conflict. Angelo’s selfless service to Columbia Coun-ty and our nation is greatly appreciated, and I wish him and his wife Barbara the best in their next adventure. 
f 
SERBIA AND THE USA 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is a dis-tinct honor for me to talk about the great rela-tionship we have with Serbia as co-chair of the Congressional Serbia Caucus along with EMANUEL CLEAVER of MO. Serbia is a great friend of the United States. As a Texan, I have great admiration for the people of Serbia. Our strong opinions and habit to speak our minds make us natural al-lies. In fact, one of the first people to settle Texas was a Serbian named Dorde Sagic, or George Fischer as he was known in the U.S. After settling in Texas, Sagic went on to be-come a justice of the peace in my hometown of Houston. But Serbia has contributed much more to the cause of justice than just Mr. Sagic keep-ing the early streets of Houston safe. Today we honor the service of Serbia’s armed forces who have fought side-by-side with Americans to preserve justice during his-tory’s most horrific conflicts. In 1918, President Woodrow Wilson gave a speech marking the fourth anniversary of Aus-tria-Hungary’s invasion of Serbia. Speaking of the bravery of the Serbian armed forces, President Wilson said: ‘‘Nobly did they respond. So valiantly and courageous did they oppose the forces of a country ten times greater in population and re-sources . . . While their territory has been devastated and their homes despoiled, the spirit of the Serbian people has not been bro-ken.’’ As a Texan, I admire such defiance against overwhelming odds. Like President Wilson, I am proud to share the stories of Serbia’s bravery here in Wash-ington. I believe the most meaningful for Americans is the story of the Halyard Mission during the dark days of the Second World War. While under Nazi-occupation, the Serbian people demonstrated their bravery as they played a crucial role in the largest rescue op-eration of American airmen in history. In 1944, American bombers were flying fre-quent missions to strike Germany’s vital oil supplies in Romania as part of the allied ad-vance into Europe. The 15th Air Force led this effort by launch-ing nearly 20,000 sorties into Eastern Europe, with many of the missions flying over Nazi-oc-cupied Yugoslavia. As many as 1,500 pilots and airmen were shot down during these cou-rageous air raids. Serbians, who had been resisting German forces since 1941, risked their own lives to rescue American aircrews and hide them from patrolling Nazis. For months these brave and noble Serbians cared for and protected American and allied pilots. By August 1944, the Allied forces, including the 15th Air Force and Office of Strategic Services, devised a daring operation to evac-uate the hundreds of Allied pilots being shel-tered by the Serbian resistance. American aircraft flew into enemy territory and evacuated these airmen from an air field built and protected by local Serbians near the village of Pranjani. For over 60 years this operation was kept secret. But now we can remember the cour-age of our Serbian friends and say thank you. The spirit of the Halyard mission still lives on today as a remarkable story of resistance and heroism. As was the case in both World Wars, Serbia and the U.S. still face shared threats. About 600 foreign fighters in Syria have come from the Balkan states. ISIS and al- Qaeda terrorists present a threat to Serbia and the region just as they present a threat to the U.S. We must continue coordinating with our Ser-bian partners to stop returning terrorists and neutralize networks that recruit fighters in the Balkans. The U.S. is also working with Serbia to im-prove its independent judiciary and fight cor-ruption. A democratic Serbia with a strong rule of law is in America’s interests. But there are others who do not support this goal. Russian disinformation efforts are designed to keep Serbia in its sphere of influence and poison our warming friendship. Nevertheless, Serbia’s integration to the West has continued to move forward. In 2006, Serbia joined NATO’s Partnership for Peace program and, in 2015, signed an In-dividual Partnership Action Plan with the alli-ance to strengthen cooperation. Recently the European Union announced that Serbia could join the EU as early as 2025. I applaud this step which will strengthen Belgrade’s political institutions and economic ties with the West. Together we share the same dreams of a bright and free future for both our countries. We are blessed to have brave men and women that ensure our futures are bright and free. Thanks to the Serbian armed forces for standing with America in the wars of the past and in the challenges we will face together in the future. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING CORA BEASLEY 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, when tragedy struck in 1957, the Surry County, North Caro-lina community came together, honored its’ own, and remained strong. I rise to commemorate the selfless sacrifice of Mrs. Cora Beasley, a third grade teacher. Sixty-one years ago, a fire consumed Flat Rock Elementary School in Surry County. Mrs. Beasley ignored the danger and helped stu-dents out of a second-floor window, saving their lives. During the blaze, Mrs. Beasley attempted also to save third-grader Larry Adams, but sadly, they both perished. This month, the Flat Rock School community will rename its main building the Cora F. Beasley Building, a fitting tribute to one woman’s selfless heroism. I salute the efforts of this tight-knit commu-nity and offer my prayers for Mrs. Beasley, Mr. Adams, their families and all of those affected by the fire that day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15FE8.013 E15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE197 February 15, 2018 
RECOGNIZING AL-ROSS SCREEN PRINTING AND EMBROIDERY AS BUSINESS OF THE YEAR 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Al-Ross Screen Print-ing & Embroidery as the West Seneca Cham-ber of Commerce’s choice for the 2018 Busi-ness of the Year Award on Thursday, Feb-ruary 15th at Kloc’s Grove. For 45 years, Al-Ross has provided embroi-ders and screen print clothing and apparel for the Western New York area. Through their tal-ented work, Al-Ross allows people and organi-zations of all sorts a sense of identity, profes-sionalism and an unforgettable local brand. Along with Al-Ross’s strong business sense comes an equally strong sense of community and giving back. Following the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Al-Ross raised and donated more than $20,000. Locally, the business founded and supported the Athlete of the Month Club in West Seneca schools, giving students ath-letes t-shirts promoting their achievements. Al- Ross consistently donates to basket raffles and fundraisers for schools, clubs, churches, benefits, and charities. Embodying community spirit, when the Buf-falo Bills made the NFL playoffs for the first time in seventeen years, Al-Ross rose to the challenge and quickly created customized shirts for fans. The Seneca Street fixture saw lines out the door as excited Western New Yorkers rushed to support their team and their business. Mr. Speaker, I wish to take this opportunity to honor Al-Ross Screen Printing & Embroi-dery as they receive the 2018 Business of the Year Award from the West Seneca Chamber of Commerce. The contributions to our com-munity made by this business are commend-able, and I wish them much continued suc-cess in their future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ILDEFONSO GUAJARDO VILLARREAL 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Secretary of the Economy of Mexico, Ildefonso Guajardo Villarreal. Mr. Guajardo has been chosen as Mexico’s hon-oree for the prestigious League of United Latin American Citizens Council No. 12 (LULAC) Sen˜or Internacional award. Mr. Guajardo, a Mexican economist and public servant, was born April 19, 1957 in Monterey, Nuevo Leo´n. He received his Bach-elor’s degree in Economics from the Autono-mous University of Nuevo Leo´n. Subse-quently, Mr. Guajardo pursued graduate stud-ies in Economics at Arizona State University and the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Guajardo began his long and successful career in the 1980s. He would hold several important positions, including Economist at the International Monetary Fund, Director of the North American Free Trade Agreement Affairs Office, and Chief Clerk at the Foreign Affairs Ministry. He would later serve in Nuevo Leo ´n as head of the Governor’s Executive Office and soon after, Mr. Guajardo would be elected as a congressman. In 2012, Mr. Guajardo as-sumed the office of Secretary of the Economy of Mexico, appointed by President Enrique Pen˜a Nieto. He is currently negotiating the on-going North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) between Mexico, the United States, and Canada. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize Mr. Guajardo’s accom-plishments and tireless service to Mexico. I congratulate him on receiving the prestigious LULAC No. 12 Sen˜or Internacional award. His dedication to others has had a very significant impact on the lives of many citizens in Mexico and the United States. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FACILI-TATING VETERANS’ EDUCATION ACT 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, the Department of Defense provides exceptional training and experiences to our nation’s servicemembers. For each occupation in the military, servicemembers undergo a series of formal military training courses. For years, the American Council on Edu-cation (ACE) has evaluated that training and related experiences to provide colleges and universities with guidelines and recommenda-tions to consider when awarding credit for such training. For instance, ACE may rec-ommend that colleges award one semester credit hour of first aid for a soldier who has taken basic combat training. Since 2013, the Army, Marine Corps, Navy, and Coast Guard have produced the Joint Services Transcript (JST), an official docu-mentation of a servicemember’s military train-ing and their corresponding ACE credit rec-ommendations. The JST allows veterans to earn college credit for their military service, helping them attain a college degree sooner. While the document is available through an online portal, there are reports of servicemembers leaving the military unaware of the JST. Therefore, I am introducing the bipartisan Facilitating Veterans’ Education Act, which di-rects the Department of Defense to issue the Joint Services Transcript to servicemembers separating from the Armed Forces. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE WAUSEON HIGH SCHOOL WRES-TLING TEAM FOR WINNING THE OHIO STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratu-late the Ohio High School Athletic Association Division II Team Wrestling State Champion Wauseon Indians. After finishing runner up in 2016 and 2017, Wauseon topped Mentor Lake Catholic in the championship to capture the first team title of any sport in school history. Wauseon has a rich tradition in wrestling, winning the Northwest Ohio Athletic League twelve times. Under the tutelage of coach Mike Ritter, Wauseon was able to win the title by first going through Washington Court House and Canfield High School on the way to the finals. These student-athletes gave it their all, and the Wauseon community should be proud of them. Wrestling tests the mettle of its competi-tors, and it takes grit, determination, and toughness to compete at a high level. In addi-tion to practice, student-athletes are asked to meet certain academic standards and exceed them as well. These competitors deserve our recognition. Once again, congratulations to Coach Mike Ritter and the rest of the Wauseon wrestling team on a job well done. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. BILLY JOE WESTBROOK 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of World War II veteran and dear friend, Dr. Billy Joe Westbrook of Channelview, Texas. Dr. Westbrook went to be with the Lord on February 13, 2018 at the age of 91. He was born on November 8, 1926 in a house three miles west of Electra, Texas. His parents were caring and hardworking people who instilled those same qualities in their sons. His long life was defined by determina-tion and honor and like his parents, he worked hard and gave much. He served in the U.S. Army during World War II as a medic, which led him to dentistry. He graduated from Midwestern University with a B.S. in Chemistry then earned a D.D.S from the University of Texas, graduating in the top 10 percent of his class. During the Korean War he entered the Air Force as a dental officer. After serving honor-ably, B.J. opened a dental practice in Colum-bus, Texas then moved to the Northeast area of Houston where he became heavily involved in its civic, political, medical and educational communities. In 1958, he and a group of local businessmen founded the Rotary Club of North Shore, Houston, Texas. Their signature event, the Rotary Club Catfish Crawfish Boil currently raises over $300,000 annually. B.J. was passionate about serving people above himself. He served on many state and collegiate boards and was president of the Harris County Fresh Water District 51 for fifty years. In recognition of his many contributions Westbrook Street, located in East Houston, was named after him. Though an avid hunter, fisherman, scuba diver and pilot, his first love was people. His vision, philanthropy and laughter made him an icon and hero to all who knew him. B.J. was married to Rosalie Westbrook for sixty years until she passed away in 2007. Their middle daughter, Marcie, died in 2015. He is survived by his two daughters Renee ´ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15FE8.018 E15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE198 February 15, 2018 
and Mickie, two brothers Ken and Floyd Westbrook, and host of adoring nephews, nieces and friends. My prayers are with the family and friends of Dr. Westbrook. He had a full life and will be missed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SHELL FAB & DE-SIGN AS THE WEST SENECA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE MEM-BER OF THE YEAR 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 15, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Shell Fab & Design as the West Seneca Chamber of Commerce’s 2018 Chamber Member of the Year. For over a quarter of a century, Shell Fab & Design has characterized what it means to be a success-ful small business and active member of the community, donating to various important causes and charities while maintaining over forty full-time employees. Shell Fab & Design has specialized in pro-viding customers in the Western New York area with high quality residential and commer-cial surfacing work, cabinetry, and kitchen countertops. Because of its renowned service, Shell Fab & Design has gained a well-de-served reputation in the community as a lead-er in the stone countertop industry. Along with consistently providing excellence in the custom and manufacturing aspects of the countertop business, Shell Fab & Design has kept ahead of the curve through innova-tion. It is this ability to keep up with the ever- changing nature of the economy while pro-viding an exceptional level of quality that has allowed the business to thrive and expand. Shell Fab & Design is as generous as it is successful. The business contributes to Queen of Heaven Parish, the Society for the Preven-tion of Cruelty to Animals, the West Seneca Food Pantry, Habitat for Humanity, and breast cancer research. Frequently, they donate cut-ting board sets to school fundraisers, sports fundraisers, and other charitable causes. Mr. Speaker, I wish again to recognize an exceptional business, Shell Fab & Design, and all that their employees do for West Seneca and the greater Western New York region. I congratulate Shell Fab & Design on their se-lection as the West Seneca Chamber of Com-merce’s 2018 Chamber Member of the Year and wish the business and its employees suc-cess in all future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15FE8.005 E15FEPT1
D171 Thursday, February 15, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1131–S1192 Measures Introduced: Twenty bills and seven reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2431–2450, and S. Res. 407–413.
                                      Pages S1164–65 
Measures Reported: H.R. 294, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boule-vard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’. H.R. 452, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 1207, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’, with an amendment. H.R. 1208, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 1858, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’. H.R. 1988, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2254, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2302, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 2464, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’. H.R. 2672, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’. H.R. 2815, To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Som-erset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’. H.R. 2873, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3109, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3369, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘How-ard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 3638, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3655, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3821, To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zach T. Addington Post Office’’. H.R. 3893, To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4042, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Florida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4285, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’. S. 931, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Bou-levard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15FE8.REC D15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD172 February 15, 2018 
S. 2040, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’.
                                               Pages S1163–64 
Measures Passed: Black History Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 413, celebrating Black History Month.
         Page S1189 
Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 946, to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justice-involved veterans, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S1190 
Alexander (for Flake) Amendment No. 2042, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S1190 
Quicker Veterans Benefits Delivery Act: Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 1725, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to submit certain reports relating to medical evidence submitted in support of claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                    Pages S1190–91 
Veterans Care Financial Protection Act: Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 3122, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to include on the internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs a warning regarding dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices targeting individuals who are eli-gible for increased pension on the basis of need for regular aid and attendance, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S1191 
Lexington VA Health Care System: Senate passed H.R. 4533, to designate the health care sys-tem of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lex-ington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lexington VA Health Care System’’ and to make certain other designa-tions.
                                                                                Page S1191 
Measures Considered: Broader Options for Americans Act: Senate con-tinued consideration of H.R. 2579, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA con-tinuation coverage, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S1131–36, S1138–48 
Pending: Grassley Amendment No. 1959, in the nature of a substitute.
                                       Pages S1131–36, S1138–48 McConnell (for Toomey/Cruz) Amendment No. 1948 (to Amendment No. 1959), to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are il-legally present in the United States.
               Page S1131 
Schumer Modified Amendment No. 1958 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1959), of a perfecting nature.
                    Page S1131 
Durbin (for Coons/McCain) Amendment No. 1955 (to Amendment No. 1958), to provide relief from removal and adjustment of status of certain in-dividuals who are long-term United States residents and who entered the United States before reaching the age of 18, improve border security, foster United States engagement in Central America. 
                                                                              Page S1131, S1146 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 52 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 33), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on Durbin (for Coons/ McCain) Amendment No. 1955 (to Amendment No. 1958) (listed above).
                                                 Page S1146 
By 54 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 34), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on McConnell (for Toomey/ Cruz) Amendment No. 1948 (to Amendment No. 1959) (listed above).
                                         Pages S1146–47 
By 54 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 35), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on Schumer Modified Amendment No. 1958 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1959) (listed above). 
                                                                                    Pages S1147–48 
By 39 yeas to 60 nays (Vote No. 36), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on Grassley Amendment No. 1959 (listed above).
                                                  Page S1148 
Appointments: National Council on Disability: The Chair an-nounced, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 93–112, as amended by Public Law 112–166, and further amended by Public Law 113–128, the reappointment of the fol-lowing to serve as a member of the National Council on Disability: Neil Romano of Maryland.
    Page S1191 
Authorizing Leadership To Make Appoint-ments—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agree-ment was reached providing that, notwithstanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15FE8.REC D15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D173 February 15, 2018 
the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the Presi-dent of the Senate, the President pro tempore, and the Majority and Minority Leaders be authorized to make appointments to commissions, committees, boards, conferences, or interparliamentary conferences authorized by law, by concurrent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate.
                    Page S1191 
Washington’s Farewell Address—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that following the closing of morning business, on Monday, February 26, 2018, Senator Peters be recog-nized to deliver Washington’s Farewell Address. 
                                                                                            Page S1191 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, February 16, 2018 at 12 noon; Tuesday, February 20, 2018 at 5 p.m.; Friday, February 23, 2018 at 2 p.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, February 23, 2018, it next convene at 3 p.m., on Monday, February 26, 2018.
                                                                                Page S1191 
Branch Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit.
                                                        Page S1149 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, February 15, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, Feb-ruary 26, 2018.
                                                           Page S1149 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1149 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the nomi-nation after the reading of Washington’s Farewell Address on Monday, February 26, 2018, and, not-withstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. 
                                                                                            Page S1191 
Vought Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
                                     Page S1149 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Geor-gia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Elev-enth Circuit.                                                                 Page S1149 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1149 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1149 
Quattlebaum Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina.
            Pages S1149–50 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
                                                                  Page S1150 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1149 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1149 
Scholer Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Karen Gren Scholer, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas.
                                                       Page S1150 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina.
                                                           Page S1150 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1150 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1150 
Self Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consider-ation of the nomination of Tilman Eugene Self III, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia.
                                                  Page S1150 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Karen Gren Scholer, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Texas.
                                                              Page S1150 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15FE8.REC D15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD174 February 15, 2018 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1150 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1150 
Doughty Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Terry A. Doughty, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana.
                                               Page S1150 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Tilman Eugene Self III, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia.
                                                                    Page S1150 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1150 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S1150 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: John Henderson, of South Dakota, to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Air Force. John Marshall Mitnick, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security. John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. Norman Euell Arflack, of Kentucky, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Kentucky for the term of four years. Michael T. Baylous, of West Virginia, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of West Virginia for the term of four years. David G. Jolley, of Tennessee, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Tennessee for the term of four years. Daniel R. McKittrick, of Mississippi, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Mississippi for the term of four years. Matthew D. Krueger, of Wisconsin, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Wisconsin for the term of four years. Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce. Thomas M. Griffin, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Marshal for the District of South Caro-lina for the term of four years. Peter Hendrick Vrooman, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Rwanda. Joel Danies, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Gabonese Republic, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Democratic Republic of Sao Tome and Principe. John C. Anderson, of New Mexico, to be United States Attorney for the District of New Mexico for the term of four years. Joseph D. Brown, of Texas, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Texas for the term of four years. John H. Durham, of Connecticut, to be United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut for the term of four years. Brandon J. Fremin, of Louisiana, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Louisiana for the term of four years. Melissa F. Burnison, of Kentucky, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Energy (Congressional and Intergov-ernmental Affairs). Ted G. Kamatchus, of Iowa, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Iowa for the term of four years. Joseph P. Kelly, of Nebraska, to be United States Attorney for the District of Nebraska for the term of four years. Scott W. Murray, of New Hampshire, to be United States Attorney for the District of New Hampshire for the term of four years. David C. Weiss, of Delaware, to be United States Attorney for the District of Delaware for the term of four years. Michael D. Griffin, of Alabama, to be Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineering. Lisa Gordon-Hagerty, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Nuclear Security, Department of En-ergy. Kevin Fahey, of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. William Roper, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force. Phyllis L. Bayer, of Mississippi, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy. Holly W. Greaves, of the District of Columbia, to be Chief Financial Officer, Environmental Protection Agency. Thomas E. Ayres, of Pennsylvania, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Air Force. John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Chief Manage-ment Officer of the Department of Defense. 
                                                   Pages S1150–52, S1156, S1191–92 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Naomi C. Earp, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Agriculture. Thelma Drake, of Virginia, to be Federal Transit Administrator. James Reilly, of Colorado, to be Director of the United States Geological Survey. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15FE8.REC D15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D175 February 15, 2018 
Joseph Cella, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Fiji, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Kiribati, the Republic of Nauru, the Kingdom of Tonga, and Tuvalu. David B. Cornstein, of New York, to be Ambas-sador to Hungary. Georgette Mosbacher, of Florida, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Poland. Jean Carol Hovland, of South Dakota, to be Com-missioner of the Administration for Native Ameri-cans, Department of Health and Human Services. Mark Jeremy Bennett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Nancy E. Brasel, of Minnesota, to be United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota. Thomas S. Kleeh, of West Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia. Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. Peter J. Phipps, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. Eric C. Tostrud, of Minnesota, to be United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota. Charles J. Williams, of Iowa, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Iowa. 
                                                                                            Page S1191 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1162 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1162 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1162–63 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S1163 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S1164 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1165–66 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1166–70 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1160–62 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1170–89 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1189 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—36)
                                                           Pages S1146–48 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:58 p.m., until 12 noon on Friday, Feb-ruary 16, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1191.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the state of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, focus-ing on pending rules, cryptocurrency regulation, and cross-border agreements, after receiving testimony from J. Christopher Giancarlo, Chairman, Com-modity Futures Trading Commission. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee announced the following subcommittee as-signments: 
Subcommittee on Commodities, Risk Management, and Trade : Senators Boozman (Chair), Cochran, Hoeven, Grassley, Thune, Daines, Perdue, Heitkamp, Brown, Bennet, Gilli-brand, Donnelly, and Smith. Subcommittee on Rural Development and Energy: Senators Ernst (Chair), Cochran, Boozman, Hoeven, Thune, Daines, Fischer, Smith, Brown, Klobuchar, Bennet, Don-nelly, and Heitkamp. Subcommittee on Conservation, Forestry, and Natural Re-sources: Senators Daines (Chair), Cochran, McConnell, Boozman, Grassley, Perdue, Bennet, Leahy, Klobuchar, Donnelly, and Casey. Subcommittee on Nutrition, Agricultural Research, and Spe-cialty Crops: Senators Perdue (Chair), McConnell, Booz-man, Hoeven, Ernst, Fischer, Casey, Leahy, Brown, Gilli-brand, and Smith. Subcommittee on Livestock, Marketing, and Agriculture Secu-rity: Senators Fischer (Chair), McConnell, Ernst, Grassley, Thune, Daines, Gillibrand, Leahy, Klobuchar, Heitkamp, and Casey. Senators Roberts and Stabenow are ex-officio members of each subcommittee. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States Northern Com-mand and United States Southern Command in re-view of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from General Lori J. Rob-inson, USAF, Commander, United States Northern Command and North American Aerospace Defense Command, and Admiral Kurt W. Tidd, USN, Com-mander, United States Southern Command, both of the Department of Defense. BUDGET Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15FE8.REC D15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD176 February 15, 2018 
for fiscal year 2019, after receiving testimony from Alex M. Azar II, Secretary of Health and Human Services. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Dennis Shea, of Vir-ginia, to be a Deputy United States Trade Rep-resentative (Geneva Office), with the rank of Ambas-sador, and C. J. Mahoney, of Kansas, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Investment, Services, Labor, Environment, Africa, China, and the Western Hemisphere), with the rank of Ambassador. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Andrea L. Thompson, of South Dakota, to be Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security, who was introduced by Senator Thune, Susan A. Thorn-ton, of Maine, to be an Assistant Secretary (East Asian and Pacific Affairs), and Francis R. Fannon, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Re-sources), who was introduced by Senator Gardner, all of Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 1917, to reform sentencing laws and correc-tional institutions; and The nominations of Michael B. Brennan, of Wis-consin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Susan Paradise Baxter, and Marilyn Jean Horan, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Daniel Desmond Domenico, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Colorado, Adam I. Klein, of the District of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board, McGregor W. Scott, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of California, and Gary G. Schofield, to be United States Marshal for the District of Nevada. BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to consider pending intelligence mat-ters. Committee recessed subject to the call. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 36 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5030–5065; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 739–740 were introduced.
                 Pages H1211–12 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1213–14 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 717, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require review of the economic cost of adding a species to the list of endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–560); H.R. 1274, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require making available to States af-fected by determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species all data that is the basis of such determinations, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–561); H.R. 2603, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to provide that nonnative species in the United States shall not be treated as endangered spe-cies or threatened species for purposes of that Act, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–562); H.R. 3131, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to conform citizen suits under that Act with other existing law, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–563, Part 1); H.R. 3225, to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Con-federated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, and the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indi-ans to lease or transfer certain lands (H. Rept. 115–564); and H.R. 3607, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to establish fees for medical services provided in units of the National Park System, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–565). 
                                                                                    Pages H1210–11 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15FE8.REC D15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D177 February 15, 2018 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Simpson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1181 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H1181, H1200 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:22 a.m. and re-convened at 10:27 a.m.
                                          Page H1192 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:15 a.m. and re-convened at 11:20 a.m.
                                          Page H1198 
Americans with Disabilities Act Education and Reform Act: The House passed H.R. 620, to amend the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to pro-mote compliance through education, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, and to provide for a notice and cure period before the commencement of a private civil action, by a yea-and-nay vote of 225 yeas to 192 nays, Roll No. 80. 
                                      Pages H1183–92, H1192–98, H1198–H1200 
Agreed to: Denham amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–559) that ensures the Department of Justice’s Disability Rights Section takes action, to the extent practicable, to make ADA compliance publications available in languages commonly used by owners and operators of U.S. businesses; 
                                                                                    Pages H1192–94 
Speier amendment (No. 4 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–559) that clarifies that the defendant is still liable if the defendant fails to make substantial progress to remove the barrier;
                   Pages H1195–96 
Bera amendment (No. 5 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–559) that shortens the timeline from 180 to 120 total days; and
                                     Pages H1196–97 
McMorris Rodgers amendment (No. 6 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–559) that strikes the re-quirement that the written notices of alleged viola-tion include the specific sections of the ADA alleged to have been violated.
                                       Pages H197–98 
Rejected: Foster amendment (No. 3 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–559) that sought to allow for punitive damages for noncompliance after the cure period; and
                                                                                    Page H1195 
Langevin amendment (No. 2 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–559) that sought to remove the re-quirement that a person who claims discrimination must first provide written notice that allows 60 days for an owner to acknowledge receipt of the com-plaint and 120 days to demonstrate substantial progress in removing the barrier before legal action may be pursued (by a recorded vote of 188 ayes to 226 noes, Roll No. 79).
             Pages H1194–95, H1198–99 
H. Res. 736, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 620), (H.R. 3299), and (H.R. 3978) was agreed to yesterday, February 14th. Inspector General for the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives—Appointment: The Chair announced on behalf of the Speaker, Majority Leader and Minor-ity Leader, the joint appointment of Mr. Michael Ptasienski of McLean, Virginia, as Inspector General for the U.S. House of Representatives.           Page H1200 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1198–99 and H1199–H1200. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:36 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
STRATEGIC COMPETITION WITH CHINA Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Strategic Competition with China’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EVOLUTION, TRANSFORMATION, AND SUSTAINMENT: A REVIEW AND ASSESSMENT OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET REQUEST FOR U.S. SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES AND COMMAND Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Evolution, Transformation, and Sustainment: A Re-view and Assessment of the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request for U.S. Special Operations Forces and Com-mand’’. Testimony was heard from General Ray-mond A. Thomas, Commander, U.S. Special Oper-ations Command; and Owen West, Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Special Operations/Low-Inten-sity Conflict, Department of Defense. THE OPIOIDS EPIDEMIC: IMPLICATIONS FOR AMERICA’S WORKPLACES Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions; and Subcommittee on Workforce Protections held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Opioids Epidemic: Implications for America’s Workplaces’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the De-partment of Health and Human Services’’. Testi-mony was heard from Alex Azar, Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. EXAMINING DE-RISKING AND ITS EFFECT ON ACCESS TO FINANCIAL SERVICES Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15FE8.REC D15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD178 February 15, 2018 
hearing entitled ‘‘Examining De-risking and its Ef-fect on Access to Financial Services’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. INDUSTRY VIEWS OF THE CHEMICAL FACILITY ANTI-TERRORISM STANDARDS PROGRAM Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Industry Views of the Chemical Facil-ity Anti-Terrorism Standards Program’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE EFFECT OF SANCTUARY CITY POLICIES ON THE ABILITY TO COMBAT THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-gration and Border Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Effect of Sanctuary City Policies on the Ability to Combat the Opioid Epidemic’’. Testimony was heard from A.J. Louderback, Sheriff, Jackson County, Texas; and public witnesses. THE COSTS OF DENYING BORDER PATROL ACCESS: OUR ENVIRONMENT AND SECURITY Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Costs of Denying Border Patrol Access: Our Environment and Security’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on H.R. 520, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 2591, the ‘‘Mod-ernizing the Pittman-Robertson Fund for Tomor-row’s Needs Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4429, the ‘‘Cor-morant Control Act’’; H.R. 4609, the ‘‘West Fork Fire Station Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4647, the ‘‘Recov-ering America’s Wildlife Act’’; and H.R. 4851, the ‘‘Kennedy-King Establishment Act of 2018’’. Testi-mony was heard from Representatives Fortenberry, Tipton, Bergman, Carson of Indiana, and Austin Scott of Georgia; Randy Claramunt, Lake Huron Basin Coordinator, Department of Natural Re-sources, Michigan; Floyd Cook, County Commis-sioner, Dolores County, Colorado; Gregory Porter, State Representative, Indiana; and a public witness. GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION— CHECKING IN WITH THE GOVERNMENT’S ACQUISITION AND PROPERTY MANAGER Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘General Services Administration— Checking in with the Government’s Acquisition and Property Manager’’. Testimony was heard from the following General Services Administration officials: Emily W. Murphy, Administrator; Alan B. Thomas, Jr., Commissioner, Federal Acquisition Service; Dan Mathews, Commissioner, Public Buildings Service; and Carol F. Ochoa, Inspector General. MENTORING, TRAINING, AND APPRENTICESHIPS FOR STEM EDUCATION AND CAREERS Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Mentoring, Training, and Apprentice-ships for STEM Education and Careers’’. Testimony was heard from Victor R. McCrary, Chair, Task Force on the Skilled Technical Workforce, National Science Board; and public witnesses. RESTORING RURAL AMERICA: HOW AGRITECH IS REVITALIZING THE HEARTLAND Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Energy, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Restoring Rural America: How Agritech is Revital-izing the Heartland’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL IMPLEMENTATION IN THE UNITED STATES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Posi-tive Train Control Implementation in the United States’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Heck and Kelmer; Juan D. Reyes III, Chief Counsel, Federal Railroad Administration; Robert Sumwalt, Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board; and public witnesses. U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS BUDGET REQUEST FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Veterans Af-fairs Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2019’’. Testi-mony was heard from David J. Shulkin, M.D., Sec-retary, Department of Veterans Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15FE8.REC D15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D179 February 15, 2018 
THE PRESIDENT’S FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET PROPOSALS Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Proposals’’. Testimony was heard from Ste-ven T. Mnuchin, Secretary, Department of the Treas-ury. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2018 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15FE8.REC D15FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD180 February 15, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12 noon, Friday, February 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, February 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 9 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E194 Babin, Brian, Tex., E192, E197 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E193 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E193, E197 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E192, E197 Faso, John J., N.Y., E196 Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E196 Garamendi, John, Calif., E191 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E191, E194, E195, E197, E198 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E195 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E194, E197 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E195 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E191 Poe, Ted, Tex., E192, E196 Raskin, Jamie, Md., E191 Rothfus, Keith J., Pa., E194 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E193 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E196 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15FE8.REC D15FEPT1