Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S27 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 2018 No. 2 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, January 5, 2018, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
THURSDAY , JANUARY 4, 2018 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable D
AN S
ULLIVAN , a Senator from the State of Alaska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, the King of Glory, Your never failing providence sustains us. Today, inspire our lawmakers with the music of Your wisdom, that they may bring hope, joy, and unity to our Nation and world. Remind our Sen-ators that even in the darkness, You are a sure guide. Lord, energize them to strive to transform dark yesterdays into bright tomorrows. And, Lord, in this new year, go before us to show us the way, behind us to press us forward, beside us to give us courage, above us to provide protec-tion, and within us to give us Your wis-dom and discernment. We pray in Your loving Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. HATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, January 4, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ANSULLIVAN , a Sen- ator from the State of Alaska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. SULLIVAN thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I spoke yesterday about the need to fund the Federal Government by January 19. Members in both parties, including leadership on both sides, have publicly stated their desire to approach this issue in a serious and collaborative manner, and those sentiments were re-newed in a productive meeting we had yesterday. I am optimistic that we can begin 2018 with a bipartisan, 2-year funding agreement that meets several critically important objectives. To begin with, any agreement must provide our Armed Forces with the re-sources they need to fulfill their mis-sions. That means setting aside the misguided notion that new defense spending needs to be matched dollar for dollar by new nondefense spending. Some describe this notion as parity, but, of course, there was no parity at all in the damaging cuts that the Budg-et Control Act inflicted on our national security. Since fiscal year 2013, discre-tionary defense spending has been cut by $85 billion more than nondefense spending. That number has real consequences for the men and women in harm’s way who serve our country. Last year, Sec-retary of Defense Mattis testified: ‘‘No enemy in the field has done more to harm the combat readiness of our mili-tary’’ than these self-inflicted budget reductions. Nothing about this issue needs to be partisan. During the Obama adminis-tration, Defense Secretaries Panetta, Hagel, and Carter all similarly warned that sequestration cuts would handicap our men and women in uniform. Those were all Secretaries of Defense during the Obama administration. Unfortu-nately, at a time when our country faces a myriad of threats and strategic challenges around the globe, experts agree that this is exactly what has happened. Congress has a golden opportunity to put aside political calculations and prioritize the actual needs of America’s all-volunteer military. There is no rea-son that an arbitrary formula, which bears no relationship—none—to the real needs of our Armed Forces, should dictate the degree to which we fund them. Our men and women in uniform 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JA6.000 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES28 January 4, 2018 
are doing their jobs. Our job is to give them the resources they require. Funding our Armed Forces is not the only area that is ripe for productive, bipartisan negotiation. Last December, the Senate made progress moving to-ward a long-term reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. Unfortunately, though Senate Republicans were prepared and eager to move forward, we were not able to put that in the continuing resolution. Ap-proximately 9 million children, includ-ing thousands in my home State of Kentucky, depend on CHIP for healthcare coverage. Their parents de-pend on it for financial security and for peace of mind. Instead of giving them a 5-year reauthorization in time for the holidays, partisan objections forced Congress to settle for a short-term patch. This month we can set this right. I know colleagues on both sides of the aisle are eager to find a long-term solu-tion—5 years, full reauthorization. Let’s get this done for working fami-lies. Furthermore, as Senators from both parties have stated, Congress should act now to provide relief for commu-nities across the country that were devastated by disasters in 2017. Last year’s hurricanes crippled Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and dealt blows to communities from Florida to Texas. Wildfires caused serious damage across the Western United States. For many Americans in these areas, life is nowhere near back to normal. It is time to complete our work on the sup-plemental disaster relief legislation. It is imperative that none of these urgent priorities be held hostage to our ongoing discussions around immigra-tion policy. Senators with diverse viewpoints have been discussing how to address the unlawfully established DACA Program while also improving border security, interior enforcement, and addressing other important parts of our broken immigration system. As I have stated, if a compromise solution emerges that meets the President’s conditions, it will be brought up for a vote in the Senate. In the meantime, let’s continue productive negotiations and secure a bipartisan funding agree-ment. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—H.R. 4667 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that there is a bill at the desk due for a second reading. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4667) making further supple-mental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, for disaster assist-ance for Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and calendar year 2017 wildfires, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Objection is heard. The bill will be placed on the cal-endar. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, yes-terday the four congressional leaders had a positive and productive meeting with Budget Director Mulvaney and representatives from the White House, including Mr. Short. It was a good first step, but there is a lot of work to do. Ultimately, the budget agreement must lift the spending caps with parity between defense and urgent domestic priorities, it must include disaster aid, a healthcare package, and an agree-ment to enshrine DACA protections alongside additional border security. Like our Republican colleagues, Democrats want to make sure our men and women in uniform have the re-sources they need to do their jobs. There is not an argument about that, but we also want to make sure there are crucial investments in economic development and job creation here at home—programs that support the mid-dle class and help it grow. That includes a number of things, in-cluding funding needed for the opioid crisis. Life expectancy has gone down in America for the first time in years because of deaths from the opioid abuse by young people and middle-aged peo-ple. Are we just going to shrug our shoulders at that? There is a lot more to do. It affects rural areas, urban areas, and suburban areas. There have been 63,000 Americans who have died from drug overdoses. Those are deaths on the battlefield, in a sense, as well— often the flower of our youth, the prime of America, so many in rural areas. These are kids who were full of potential. Many were veterans dealing with the wounds of war. They served our country and didn’t get what they needed when they came home. I had a father cry in my arms. His son had been grappling with opioids. Finally, they had persuaded the son to sign up for a treatment program, but the treatment program didn’t have the funding it needed so there was a long waiting list, and the son died of an overdose while waiting on that list. We can’t have that anymore. What about veterans’ healthcare? These are people who risked their lives for us. We need to do it. What about millions of hard-working Americans who need pensions? One of the issues Americans are most worried about is pensions and retirement. For years, they paid into these plans. They were told: You know, when you retire, you are not going to be rich, you are not going to be able to buy luxuries, but at least you will have a life of dig-nity. Now those pensions have been robbed from so many people through-out the country. Are we going to shrug our shoulders? I hear the majority leader say he is not for parity. ‘‘Parity’’ is not just a word, it is veterans, people who need opioid relief, and middle-class folks and working people who need pensions. Are our Republican colleagues going to do what they just did in the tax bill and abandon the middle class? Are our Republican colleagues going to do what they tried to do in the healthcare bill and take away healthcare from mil-lions of working people, people in the middle class? ‘‘Parity’’ is the term we use around here. I would rather call it defending middle-class America. Just as it is important to defend America from foreign enemies, which our mili-tary does so bravely and proudly, we have to defend America here. I plead with Leader M
CCONNELL not to abandon the middle class in this bill. Funding the military is a worthy goal and so is helping the middle class. For the past year, unfortunately, our Re-publican colleagues have been doing what the very wealthy people want and ignoring the middle class and working people. That is one of the reasons right now so many Americans say they would rather have a Democratic Senate than a Republican Senate. I would rather have a Senate that helps the middle class, whatever the political outcome, but our colleagues don’t seem to be going for that. I say to Leader M
CCONNELL , my friend, you cannot let the hard right dictate what you want because the hard right and their wealthy bene-factors are not where America is. It is not even where the Republican Party has always been. Now, in addition to parity helping the middle class, we need to do other things. We should pass a disaster pack-age that treats all States and terri-tories fairly given the necessity of re-lief in Texas, California, Louisiana, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Vir-gin Islands. By the way, we need to make sure we straighten out things in the West so the Forest Service isn’t robbed of the funding they need to pre-vent future forest fires as they take the money out to handle present forest fires. We need to do that. I know a lot of Congressmen from the House want aid. Even though many of them opposed aid when New York and New Jersey had a crisis, we are not going to play tit for tat, but we want a fair bill, and we want our priorities recognized as well. Finally, there are the Dreamers. This must be done now. Leader M
CCONNELL  seems to think there is no urgency. We disagree strongly—respectfully but strongly. There is an urgent need. We have hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions, of Americans who want America to be their country—who were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.002 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S29 January 4, 2018 
brought here through no fault of their own, who are working in our factories and offices, who are going to our schools, and who are serving in our military. Right now, every morning they wake up with a pit of fear in their heart that they will be deported and separated from their families. There is a very strong urgency there, and we have to get the Dreamers taken care of as well as these other needs. So our language, our proposal on this budget deal is to take care of the mid-dle class in terms of pensions and opioids and veterans, take care of dis-aster relief, take care of the healthcare problems we face—we all know about CHIP, community health centers, and healthcare extenders—and take care of both the border and the Dreamers. We can do it all. We should do it all. It is no secret that in each of these areas right now there are sticking points, but there are potential points of agreement. All five parties continue to have discussion groups on these four circles of areas—and to do them con-currently and come up with solutions quickly so we can meet that January 19 deadline because nobody wants se-questration to go into effect for the military or nonmilitary side of the budget. Our goal should be a global agreement on all these issues by Janu-ary 19. That is the best way to resolve the issues we face. I see my dear friend from Georgia waiting, and I yield the floor to him. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Walter David Counts III, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. 
CONGRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA  
BULLDOGS FOOTBALL TEAM  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I rise to talk about the tradition of New Year’s Day, the beginning of a new year, our great country, and many of its great traditions. I am sorry the minority leader left so quickly because I wanted to brag about how great the New York City Police and law enforcement were on New Year’s Eve. Millions of Americans gathered to watch the ball drop in New York City and the new year to start. We all enjoy doing that in the warmth of our homes, particularly on days like today, but there is also the warmth of America. There is a second great tradition that takes place on New Year’s Day as well. It is called the college football season, which is capped off by the Rose Bowl, which is played in Pasadena, CA. This year, the Rose Bowl was played be-tween the University of Georgia, my home State, and the University of Oklahoma. It was one of the greatest football games, I think anybody would admit, that has ever been played in that game before, and I am proud of both universities. I am equally proud of the University of Alabama and Clemson University— the other two teams that played for the right to play in Atlanta, GA, on Monday night of next week, on Janu-ary 8, to decide the collegiate national championship. My Bulldogs of Georgia will be one of those two teams. They defeated Oklahoma 54 to 48 in a great football game in California. Alabama made a decisive victory over Clemson in New Orleans, LA, in the Sugar Bowl. The two will meet this coming Monday night in the Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta, GA. I don’t know which is going to win. I know which one I am pulling for. I know which one I am on the floor brag-ging about tonight, but I am equally bragging about all of our collegiate athletics in this country and the great men and women who make it work— the coaches, athletic directors, and people who make it go. In particular, with Georgia’s victory, it prompts me to come to the floor and talk about Kirby Smart. Kirby is the head coach of the University of Geor-gia. For 9 years preceding his coming to Georgia, he was assistant to Nick Saban, coach for the University of Ala-bama. They will play against each an-other on Monday night for this year’s national championship. It is ironic that the coach and his pupil will be the two coaches in that great game. Kirby is a University of Georgia graduate. He was a great University of Georgia football player in his own right. He came to the University of Georgia with high hopes as an alum-nus, hoping that he could be the person to take Georgia to new heights. It took him only a year. The first season was 8 and 5. The second season was this year, 12 and 1—now 13 and 1— winning the Rose Bowl and playing for the national championship on Monday night. Kirby Smart is not just smart be-cause he knows football; he is smart because he knows how to be a leader. You saw an example of a man in the Rose Bowl who never took credit him-self. He always gave it to his other coaches and to his other players. He never tried to be the winner. He always tried to be in the background. He put others ahead of himself, but deep down inside—and behind the great victory that was won that night—it was his spirit, his encouragement, his living the dream that all the Georgia players followed. I want to talk about a couple of them. Sony Michel was the offensive player of the game, one of the greatest running backs ever to come out of the University of Georgia, and we had some good ones—Frankie Sinkwich, Charlie Trippy, and Herschel Walker. On de-fense, Roquan Smith, the Dick Butkus Award winner, played a great defensive game. Then, with the combination of leadership they brought to the team on the field and the quiet leadership and confidence Kirby Smart brought to the team as its coach, they won that game 54 to 48 in a double-overtime elimi-nation of the University of Oklahoma. My congratulations go to Oklahoma and their quarterback Baker Mayfield, who was the Heisman Trophy winner, on playing a great game. I wish Alabama a lot of luck on Mon-day night, but not enough to beat my Bulldogs. This is going to be our chance to win a national championship for the first time in 38 years of foot-ball. We are going to be in my home State of Georgia in our newest athletic facility, the Mercedes-Benz Stadium. I think it is an appropriate place for us to win, so I am going to say ‘‘Go Dawgs’’ from the floor of the Senate. On Monday night, I hope Kirby Smart remembers the reason I am bragging about him today on the floor is that he is going to be our leader Monday night. He is going to carry us to victory one more time. I am count-ing on him, just like all the Georgia graduates all over the country who watched with joy on January 1, and we will be looking on Monday night with anticipation and, hopefully, satisfac-tion. I yield back the remainder of my time. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Arkansas. Mr. BOOZMAN. Thank you, Mr. President. I have to add, coming from Arkansas, that I wish to congratulate the South-east Conference for being the cham-pionship teams. It is going to be a great game. FORT SMITH , ARKANSAS , BICENTENNIAL  
Mr. President, I rise today to recog-nize the bicentennial of Fort Smith, AR. On Christmas Day in 1817, Army troops established a western frontier military post on the confluence of the Arkansas and Poteau Rivers. MAJ Ste-phen Long named it Fort Smith, after GEN Thomas Smith, commander of the U.S. Army rifle regiment. To recognize the significant mile-stone, the community is organizing a year-long celebration that highlights its rich history, its citizens, and its fu-ture. While Fort Smith was abandoned by 1824, the community that sprung up around it continued to grow and played a unique role in westward expansion and the preservation of law and order in our developing Nation. Judge Isaac Parker paved the way for bringing order to Indian Territory, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.003 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES30 January 4, 2018 
great lawmen like Deputy U.S. Marshal Bass Reeves helped lay the foundation that shaped Fort Smith’s role in the history of the U.S. Marshals Service. Reeves was one of the most well-re-spected lawmen of all time. To recog-nize his efforts, the Bass Reeves Leg-acy Initiative raised money to honor him with a monument in the commu-nity’s downtown. Reeves’ career is well documented, as are the stories of Fort Smith during this period. In 1968, Charles Portis de-picted Fort Smith’s role in taming the West in his book ‘‘True Grit,’’ which portrays a teenage girl’s efforts to avenge her father’s death with a U.S. Marshal by her side. The bond between the community and the U.S. Marshals Service is strong and continues today, as Fort Smith will be the home of the future U.S. Marshals Museum scheduled to open in 2019. Part of its collection will include a gun and badge that belonged to Bass Reeves. The national historic site and other organizations have done an exceptional job of keeping the community’s history alive. Promoting its history in this way will also have positive benefits for the future. Fort Smith is a city with an incredible story to tell in its faith com-munities, its schools, its industries, its arts, and its culture. The community is marking its bicen-tennial with events throughout the year that include an attempt to break the world record for a lip dub video at the Old Fort Days Rodeo Parade and the city’s first fort building competi-tion for kids. I was pleased to contribute to the time capsule, and I am looking forward to seeing many old friends at our high school reunion. A lot has changed since my days at Northside High School as a Grizzly, but the steadfast resilience and spirit of the citizens of Fort Smith have remained. I am proud to be a native of Fort Smith and look forward to the events during this year-long celebration. It is home to a growing university, new medical school, and vibrant new indus-tries. I know Fort Smith is starting the 21st century on a solid foundation. We have much to celebrate from the past, but even more to look forward to in the future. We are forever grateful to the men and women who have encouraged the community’s progress and imple-mented their ideas to shape the city for the next generation. Dr. Jerry Stewart is one such leader, who led a life dedicated to public serv-ice. He had a successful career as a pulmonologist and served as CEO of Cooper Clinic, leading the growth and development of one of the region’s top medical care providers. After his re-tirement, he helped underserved pa-tients at the Good Samaritan Clinic in River Valley Primary Care. He was well respected in the medical community and admired for his influ-ence beyond the walls of the clinic. His influence was felt across the commu-nity as a leader in civic organizations and community boards, including serv-ing on the Fort Smith Public School Board and as chairman of the board for the Fort Smith Chamber of Commerce and the Fort Smith United Way. Truly, the list goes on and on. Dr. Stewart passed away December 26, but his legacy will live on. I appre-ciated and valued his friendship and, like so many others, will greatly miss him. Fort Smith was blessed with Dr. Stewart’s leadership and his guidance. It continues to be fortunate to have talented leaders with a vision and dedi-cation to make this great city even better. Congratulations to the members of the 200th anniversary committee for all of their hard work in planning to cele-brate 200 years of Fort Smith history. I am excited for the community as it comes together to recognize and com-memorate this historic milestone and wish all the very best as the events take place throughout 2018. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from Connecticut. 
PUERTO RICO RECOVERY EFFORT  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I am here to talk about our fellow Amer-icans in Puerto Rico. Even as the Northeast is gripped by a storm of im-pressive proportions, Puerto Rico is still recovering from the hurricane that hit that island 106 days ago. I visited Puerto Rico with my friend and colleague, Senator M
URPHY , yes-terday and the day before, to bring back to my colleagues a fact-based re-port on how the recovery effort is going and how ample Federal support has been. I come to the floor today furious and frustrated. The people of Puerto Rico have a right to be furious, as well, be-cause they have been denied the basic help and relief that this great Nation— the greatest in the history of the world—owes to all Americans. Let there be no doubt that the people of Puerto Rico are our fellow Ameri-cans. They have fought in our wars. They have come to the mainland and gone back, contributing to our commu-nities, as well as theirs. They are in our communities in Con-necticut, which has the highest con-centration of people from Puerto Rico and their descendants of any State in the country. We are proud of the Puer-to Ricans in Connecticut and of the Puerto Rican families and people who are coming from the mainland in an ex-odus unmatched in recent history. The reason for that out-migration is that Puerto Rico is in the midst of a humanitarian and economic crisis. Let me repeat that. Puerto Rico is in a hu-manitarian and economic crisis 106 days after Hurricane Maria. It is still in triage. Half of the popu-lation lacks reliable electricity. Al-most half lacks drinkable, healthy water. The tourist industry—the life-blood of its economy—is shrinking and struggling. About half the hotels still are not open, and the unemployment rate is well above 10 percent—double the rate of unemployment here on the mainland. Housing continues to be a major problem. Of the homes that need temporary relief, only half of them have been provided the blue tarps be-cause they have not been delivered. I want to pay tribute to the first re-sponders, the Corps of Engineers, and FEMA workers, as well as the National Guard from Connecticut and elsewhere who are on the ground serving and sac-rificing for their fellow American. They lack the support they need in re-sources and commitment from the ad-ministration and from this Congress. Resources and support have been de-nied them because of a lack of will, not a lack of money. Many of the schools there are shut-tered, and students have been denied the privilege to continue their edu-cation. The healthcare system of the island is still in shambles. Primary care is struggling to recover because of the lack of electricity. A doctor’s office simply cannot run without electricity, nor can manufacturing plants be oper-ated without a reliable source of power. In restoring power, the Corps of Engi-neers has provided generators in places where formerly there were plants actu-ally producing power. Generators are a temporary source of power, not a reli-able permanent source. Transmission is still down in many parts of the coun-try. To add insult to injury, Puerto Rico is stuck with a tax as a result of the action of this Congress and the admin-istration—a tax imposed only on manu-facturing in foreign countries. Puerto Rico is treated as a foreign country for purposes of the 12.5 percent tax on cer-tain manufacturers. That is simply un-conscionable. Manufacturing plants will soon be facing the decision of whether to stay or go, and many of them will go, adding to the unemploy-ment situation there. It is heartbreaking and gut-wrench-ing to visit this island and to walk in a neighborhood, as Senator M
URPHY  and I did on Wednesday night, and find darkness after the sun goes down— total darkness, except for a few iso-lated lights here and there. How can students study? How can parents care for children? On that Tuesday night, we walked through a neighborhood in downtown San Juan that was dark because of the lack of electricity. There simply are not enough generators for every home to have one. Generators, themselves, are only a stopgap source of power. The human faces and voices are grip-ping and riveting from the suffering 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.006 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S31 January 4, 2018 
that people in Puerto Rico—our fellow Americans—still endure. The lack of Federal commitment and response is shameful and disgraceful. There are steps that we must take immediately. In the short-term relief package that is coming to us from the House of Representatives, we must make sure that some of that aid—a sig-nificant proportion—is specifically tar-geted to Puerto Rico. The number re-quested by the Governor is $94 billion. It is a number that is fully and amply supported by fact. The total package coming from the House is only $81 bil-lion, and it is supposed to cover ex-penses in Florida and Texas as well as Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. So that number has to be vastly increased. Longer term, there must be a change in the Tax Code to eliminate that 12.5 or 13 percent tax that discriminates against Puerto Rico as if it were a for-eign country and as if the residents in Puerto Rico were citizens of another country. They are Americans. The Medicaid formula must be changed so that it is fair to Puerto Rico. The 20 percent commitment that now goes to Puerto Rico, unlike other States, must be increased so as to treat Puerto Rico, in fact, as if it were a State and so that it is given an ade-quate match. These kinds of commonsense steps must be the beginning of more than just repair and more than just rebuild-ing. It must be a full recovery with a vision for the future. I have proposed, with Senator S
AND-
ERS and others of our colleagues, a Marshall Plan for Puerto Rico. That is the kind of commitment that is nec-essary. The $150 billion includes not only the $94 billion that is necessary to repair and recover right away but a longer term plan to enable the island to be back on its feet financially, to re-cover from the near bankruptcy that it is enduring, to able its institutions to function fully, and to permit its healthcare system to rely on elec-tricity from plants that are powered in an economic and environmentally friendly way. There is, sadly, the hint also of po-tential corruption in the Whitefish contract that now has been withdrawn and in the Bronze Star contract for tarps that is under review. Investiga-tions must be concluded quickly and thoroughly so that we are assured that Federal dollars are being used honestly and effectively. We must make a commitment to use the island’s natural advantages. Elec-tricity is essential. It is not a luxury, not a convenience. It is vital. It is the lifeblood of that island economically and humanly. One of the island’s great advantages is its sunlight. Solar has to be used more effectively and widely as a source of power. My hope is that we can make this disaster relief program a Marshall Plan-like program for the island in the long term with bipartisan support. There is nothing political about a neighborhood in darkness, about chil-dren unable to go to school, about health facilities closed, electricity lacking, and water undrinkable. These are basic needs that we have an obliga-tion to come together on both sides of the aisle and meet. I hope that we will do so and that we will match the resilience and resolve that I saw in meeting with Governor Rossello´and all of his team. The is-land’s residents and FEMA and other Federal workers were also there. Governor Rossello´has provided the kind of courage and commitment that are necessary to lead his people in this time of challenge. We must match the courage and strength of the residents on the island with equal resolve here that we will meet the needs of our fel-low Americans and that we will keep our commitment, as we do always in times of crisis, to rebuild and to recom-mit and make sure that we leave no one there behind. I am proud that we are working with Governor Rossello´. After meeting with him yesterday and after meeting with him in the wake of the hurricane when I first visited—I had the privilege of flying over the island, and I saw the devastation, with whole villages de-stroyed, houses and community centers completely razed—progress has been made. Governor Rossello´is to be com-mended for his continuing persever-ance, as well as the people of Puerto Rico in their resolve and resilience, but we must now do our part and match that resilience and resolve with a true commitment that we will leave no American behind and keep faith with the people of Puerto Rico. I am proud that many in the Puerto Rican community in Connecticut have shared their stories with me, and I look forward to returning to them this weekend and sharing my stories with them of their families and their friends on that island. It is a beautiful island that has such great promise and so embodies the fu-ture of our Nation in its patriotism and its dedication to the ideals of America. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Wyoming. 
TAX REFORM BILL AND HEALTHCARE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, when we were debating the tax relief law— the tax reduction law, the tax cut law—Republicans predicted that it would be very good for the people of our country. Democrats like N
ANCY  P
ELOSI predicted that it would be ‘‘Ar-mageddon.’’ She said it would be the ‘‘end of the world.’’ Well, that was just last month, and it is already very clear to me that we have won the argument. People across the country are seeing the benefits. Thanks to this Republican tax relief law, N
ANCY PELOSI is seeing that hard-working Americans have ac-tually won as a result of this law being passed. Businesses around the country have begun turning those tax cuts into high-er wages for many workers. Almost every day there is another business an-nouncement about bonuses of more than $1,000 for workers. We are seeing it for hundreds of thousands of workers at businesses all across the country. They are raising wages and also invest-ing millions of dollars back into the workers who make the companies so productive for our country. Democrats are just wrong about tax reform. I am hearing it at home as I visit with people and stop in the drug-store and the grocery store around the State of Wyoming. They are saying: Look, anybody who does the math sees that it is a good deal for them. It dou-bled the standard deduction, lowered the rates, and raised the child tax cred-it. All of these things have been very, very helpful, certainly, to people in my State of Wyoming. It is interesting listening to Demo-crats because they think they have great ideas, and they are just proven wrong about the facts. One of the ones I want to talk about today is some-thing that the Senator from Vermont has been talking about with regard to healthcare. He has essentially wanted to scrap the U.S. healthcare system and replace it with a government-run system. As he said, the current system under ObamaCare is the most bureaucratic, inefficient, and expensive system in the world. He often points to a single- payer system—sort of what they have right now in Great Britain. Of course, who would be paying for that? That would be the American taxpayers deal-ing with the incredible expenses of a program like that. I want to point out what is actually happening today in Great Britain, in the system that the Senator from Vermont—the father of an American single-payer plan, one that a number of Democrats have signed on to—where the authorities in Great Britain just told hospitals to cancel 50,000 oper-ations in January and to put them off until next month because they are just too busy doing other things. So sched-uled operations were canceled. Now, these are surgeries for things like cata-racts, knee replacements, and hip re-placements. Facilities are turning away all but the most urgent cases in need of care. They are closing outpatient clinics. Why? Because it is winter, and it is flu season, and the British healthcare sys-tem, based on a single-payer, taxpayer- run system, is not prepared to deal with the needs of the people of that country. So hospitals across the country of Great Britain have canceled surgeries that have been planned and for which people had decided to take off time from work to have done according to their schedules. Forget it; they have been delayed. One doctor in England actually said that they are seeing, in his words, ‘‘third-world conditions’’—third world conditions, describing the British healthcare system today. This was an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.007 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES32 January 4, 2018 
Army doctor who did three tours at a field hospital in Afghanistan, some-body who knows what third-world con-ditions are truly like. An article in the British newspaper the Guardian, out yesterday, said: ‘‘Hospitals are reporting growing chaos’’—growing chaos—‘‘with a spike in winter flu leaving frail patients fac-ing 12-hour waits, and some units are running out of corridor space’’—cor-ridor space. Now, that is what the situation is like in British hospitals right now, today. It turns out it happened before in Great Britain. Last winter, they had a similar problem with too many sick people and not enough options for care. Back then, the British Red Cross called the situation a ‘‘humanitarian crisis.’’ In today’s New York Times—this morning’s edition, page 9—talking about the British healthcare system and the problems with it, the chief ex-ecutive of the National Health Service in England, Simon Stevens, in a speech to Parliament, recently said: ‘‘The N.H.S. waiting list will grow to five million people’’ coming down the line— grow to 5 million people. How would the American people like to be one of 5 million people waiting to get an ap-pointment, waiting for an operation, in the waiting line? That is what Senator S
ANDERS and the Democrats who pro-pose this government-run system are talking about for our country. The scenes unfolding across hospitals in Britain—and I will describe one that is outline and written about today in the New York Times. It says: 
Tuesday night, the emergency ward at Kingston Hospital in southwestern London looked more like an airport lounge than a hospital, with patients sprawled out in the waiting room. ‘‘There’s no real system or order; it’s a jun-gle in here,’’ said Nancy Harper, who had ac-companied her 87-year-old grandmother, who was lying down and complaining of excru-ciating pain in her lower back. ‘‘It’s been more than five hours,’’ Ms. Har-per said. ‘‘We get to the front of the queue and then someone more ill comes in and we get pushed back. It’s outrageous.’’ 
That is the healthcare system our Democratic colleagues are promoting for the United States—government- run, the government deciding, govern-ment rationing care. The system in Great Britain is strained under normal conditions, even when it is not flu season. There is no margin for error. When something as routine as winter hits, the healthcare system goes completely off the rails. Is that the kind of chaos Democrats in Washington want for the United States of America? Do they want third-world conditions in hospitals; frail and elder-ly patients waiting 12 hours in a hall-way just to get care; people getting a call telling them that the surgery they have been planning for—and maybe they have family members coming to take care of other things around the home or to take care of Grandmom— has to be put off, that they will have to wait until next month? Fifty thousand people will be receiving that call in Britain this month. When the government controls healthcare, it always ends up rationing care. When the bills start adding up, so do the delays. That is what happens ev-erywhere in the world when they try a single-payer scheme. They get long lines of people waiting for care and care being denied. Senator SANDERS put out the same plan a couple of years ago. It is inter-esting because one of the most liberal columnists at the New York Times— the newspaper that ran this story today about the British healthcare sys-tem—said that this single-payer plan would lead to rationing. Well, it does. The article went on to say that in order to keep the costs down, Wash-ington would have to ‘‘say no to pa-tients, telling them that they can’t al-ways have the treatment they want.’’ That is the side of the story the Demo-crats will not talk about. The author of that editorial, the columnist at the New York Times, said that Senator S
ANDERS ‘‘isn’t coming clean on that.’’ The Democrats aren’t coming clean on that. That is what happens in a single- payer system. Democrats who are pushing for a Washington takeover of Americans’ healthcare are still not coming clean about the rationing of care that it would cause. Republicans think patients and doc-tors should be the ones making those decisions, not government bureaucrats. Democrats who want to pass this new litmus test—and it is a litmus test for the liberal left—say Washington should make decisions for us. I disagree. They say that you are going to get what the government gives you. To me and to the American people, that is not what the American people want. As a doctor who has taken care of pa-tients for 25 years in Wyoming, pa-tients want the care they need from a doctor they choose at lower costs. That is the goal—not single-payer, govern-ment-run healthcare. Parents need to be able to be involved with the doctor, hospital, and their child in terms of what is best for that child, not the gov-ernment coming in and making the de-cisions. Seniors ought to be able to de-cide, along with their doctor, whether it is time for a new hip or a new knee, not the government saying: We are only going to pay this many this year and that is it. And if you are not done this year, get in line for next year. And when next year comes in January, 50,000 operations push them back an-other month. It is unfortunate, what we see is hap-pening with the British healthcare sys-tem for the patients there, the doctors, the nurses, the shortages, all of the issues they have there. The issue is, do we want that for our country? We do not. I started this by talking about N
ANCY  P
ELOSI calling the tax relief reduction bill Armageddon and the worst thing in the world. She was wrong on that. Sen-ator S
ANDERS is wrong about his claims that a one-size-fits-all, government- paid, national healthcare plan that all of the American people would be under, government control, no individual choice, no patient control, not working with their doctors in their commu-nities—I believe that would be wrong for America, and I believe that the Democrats who are supporting that and proposing that have a different view of America than certainly the people of Wyoming. I think what is happening in England is a mistake and would be a mistake for the United States. It is not some-thing the American people want or will, I believe, ever tolerate. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. FISCHER ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING THOMAS S . MONSON  
Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I rise today to honor the selfless and dedi-cated life of Thomas S. Monson, the 16th president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. After nearly seven decades of church leadership and service, President Mon-son passed away on Tuesday evening. Millions of members of the LDS Church around the globe mourn his passing as we celebrate his life. There is much that can be said about what President Monson taught us from the pulpit. There is much more to be learned about what he did when he wasn’t speaking—the sick whom he vis-ited, the weary he sustained, the job-less he aided, and the homeless he shel-tered. A reoccurring theme throughout his life and his ministry was ‘‘the rescue.’’ He spoke movingly of a painting he had seen in a gallery in England that fea-tured, as he described it, ‘‘heavy-laden black clouds and the fury of a turbu-lent sea portending danger and death. A life from a stranded vessel gleaming far off. In the foreground, tossed high by incoming waves of foaming water, a large lifeboat, men pulling mightily on the oars plunging into the tempest. On the shore stands a wife and two chil-dren, wet with rain and whipped by wind. They gaze anxiously seaward.’’ ‘‘In my mind,’’ President Monson said, ‘‘I abbreviated the name of the painting. To me, it became ‘‘To the Rescue.’’ Throughout his life, President Mon-son went to the rescue of those in need. He possessed a genuine love for those who were sad, downtrodden, and less fortunate. He was quoted as saying: 
I firmly believe that the sweetest experi-ence in mortality is to know that our Heav-enly Father has worked through us to ac-complish an objective in the life of another person. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.008 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S33 January 4, 2018 
This, he took to heart. In his early years of church service, President Mon-son presided over a congregation with 85 widows. Although he was their ap-pointed church leader for just a few short years, the love he felt for those widows was evident. He continued to visit each widow throughout her re-maining life and was present at the fu-neral for each of his dear friends. He encouraged all of us to ‘‘extend the hand that helps and the heart that knows compassion.’’ My colleagues here would be interested to know that President Monson often quoted Abra-ham Lincoln saying: ‘‘If you would win a man to your cause, first convince him that you are his sincere friend.’’ President Monson’s example of serv-ice and rescue was recognized by many world leaders. In an effort to promote America’s spirit of generosity, Presi-dent Ronald Reagan appointed him to his Task Force on Private Sector Ini-tiatives. President Monson met with religious leaders of all faiths to talk about the welfare program of the church, which has been recognized as being highly successful in its scope and in its mission. In closing, President Monson’s daughter, Ann Monson Dibb, observed how her father embodied the Scripture in James that reads: ‘‘Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Fa-ther is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.’’ There is no better description of the life and legacy of Thomas S. Monson. May we do the same by rushing to the rescue of those in need. I yield the floor. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RESCINDING THE COLE MEMORANDUM  
Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, up until about 8:58 this morning, we be-lieved in Colorado that States rights would be protected. Up until about 8:58, maybe 8:55—until Twitter told us oth-erwise—we believed the will of Colo-rado voters would be respected. Why did we believe that? Because of con-versations I had with then-Senator Jeff Sessions prior to his confirmation as Attorney General about what would happen with Colorado’s marijuana pol-icy. At the time, prior to his confirma-tion, then-Senator Sessions told me there were no plans to reverse the Cole memorandum. Then-Senator Sessions told me marijuana simply wasn’t going to be on President Trump’s agenda; that it was something they weren’t going to deal with; it was something President Trump simply wasn’t going to focus on. That was back in the spring of 2016, and up until 8:58 this morning, that was the policy. One tweet later, one policy later—a complete reversal of what many of us on the Hill were told before the confirmation and what we had continued to believe the last year. Then, without any notification, con-versation, or dialogue with Congress, completely reversed. Now, perhaps the Department of Jus-tice didn’t think this would be a big deal. I understand Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ opposition to the legal-ization of marijuana. I opposed the le-galization of marijuana in Colorado, but this is about a decision by the State of Colorado. We were told that States rights would be protected and not just by the Attorney General, then the nominee to be Attorney General, we were told that by then-Candidate Donald Trump. In Colorado, in July of 2016, then- Candidate Trump was asked if he would use Federal authority to shut down sales of recreational marijuana in States like Colorado. Then-Candidate Donald Trump said: ‘‘I wouldn’t do that.’’ When then-Candidate Trump was asked if he thought Colorado should be allowed to do what it is doing, he said: ‘‘It’s up to the States. Absolutely.’’ That was then-Candidate Trump’s po-sition. I would like to know from the Attorney General what has changed. What has changed President Trump’s mind that the Cole memorandum would be reversed and rescinded? What has changed the President’s mind? Why is Donald Trump thinking differently today about what he promised the peo-ple of Colorado in 2016 to reverse course today? What changed? I would like to know that. I think the people of Colo-rado deserve to have that answer. Without the Cole memorandum, legal businesses, operating in accordance with States rights and laws, are now operating under a cloud of uncertainty. Thousands of jobs and millions of dol-lars in revenue are at risk, and cer-tainly the question of constitutional States rights is very much at the core of this discussion. I believe what hap-pened today was a trampling of Colo-rado’s rights and its voters. Sure, this was a heavily debated issue, something I have already said I opposed, but the people of Colorado spoke, and they spoke loudly, and I believe that if the same question were asked today, they would even have more support for the decision they made several years ago. I agree with President Trump that this decision should be left up to the people of Colorado and other States, and I call on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to explain to me why Presi-dent Trump was wrong in 2016, what changed their minds, and that they re-verse their decision to withdraw and rescind the Cole memorandum and that they reimplement and reinstate the Cole memorandum. Until that happens, I think I am obligated to the people of Colorado to take all steps necessary to protect the State of Colorado and their rights. That is why today I will be putting a hold on every single nomination from the Department of Justice until Attor-ney General Jeff Sessions lives up to the commitment he made to me in my preconfirmation meeting with him— the conversation we had that was spe-cifically about this issue of States rights in Colorado. Until he lives up to that commitment, I will be holding all nominations to the Department of Jus-tice. The people of Colorado deserve an-swers. The people of Colorado deserve their will to be respected. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be recog-nized for as much time as I need to complete my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT  
Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, de-spite Donald Trump’s assertion last May that ‘‘our country needs a good shutdown,’’ the truth is, shutting down the government is a serious and dan-gerous action that we must do every-thing possible to prevent. Shutting down the government would impact tens of millions of our fellow Americans who would be unable to ac-cess government services. It would se-verely impact Federal employees who would not get the paychecks they ex-pected. It would also have a very sig-nificant impact on our Armed Forces. In other words, we must do everything we can to prevent a government shut-down, which is exactly what will hap-pen if a budget agreement is not reached by January 19, when the short- term continuing resolution expires. I am very disappointed, therefore, that the Republican Party, which con-trols the White House, the U.S. House, and the U.S. Senate, is pushing us clos-er and closer to a very dangerous gov-ernment shutdown. The Republican leadership in Congress and the White House must not allow this shutdown to take place. They have to compromise. They cannot get it all. As everyone knows, in 2011, Congress passed the Budget Control Act. The centerpiece of that bipartisan legisla-tion was that there would be parity in defense and nondefense spending. That agreement continued in the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2013, and the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015. All of these bills provided equal amounts of funding for defense and nondefense purposes. Any future effort to increase the Budg-et Control Act caps must continue to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.010 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES34 January 4, 2018 
adhere to this principle of parity. In other words, we have had a bipartisan agreement now for 6 years that has continued on four separate budgets. But now, threatening us with a govern-ment shutdown, the Republicans want to break that agreement. I was very disturbed to hear Senate Majority Leader M
CCONNELL on the floor yesterday say: 
Since fiscal year 2013, defense cuts have outpaced domestic spending cuts by $85 bil-lion. To fix this, we need to set aside the ar-bitrary notion that defense spending be matched equally by new nondefense spend-ing. There is no reason why funding for our national security and our servicemembers should be limited by an arbitrary political formula that bears no relationship to actual need. 
That was Senator M CCONNELL on the floor yesterday. Unfortunately, what Senator M
CCON-
NELL said was inaccurate and mis-leading. His statement conveniently ig-nored the fact that mandatory spend-ing on domestic programs like Medi-care have been severely cut over this time period. He also ignored the fact that during this period, the Defense Department has also received tens and tens of billions of dollars in funding through the Overseas Contingency Op-erations funding, which is not capped at all. If you include the Overseas Contin-gency Operations funding, the reality is that overall defense spending has gone up, not down, over this time pe-riod, while nondefense discretionary spending has been severely cut. Further, Senator M
CCONNELL ignores a very, very important reality; that is, nondefense discretionary spending as a percentage of GDP is now at a 40-year low. This longstanding agreement re-garding parity for defense and non-defense spending is not some kind of inside-the-beltway, esoteric issue. It is an issue that will impact tens of mil-lions of working families in this coun-try who, today, are struggling to keep their heads above water. Over the last 40 years, while the mid-dle class of our country has been shrinking, the people on top—the top 1 percent—have been doing phenome-nally well. The actions of the Repub-lican Congress in the last year have only made a bad situation, an unfair situation, even worse. In the United States today, some 28 million Ameri-cans have no health insurance. Yet, over the last year, the Republicans have attempted to throw an additional 32 million people off of the healthcare they have, including proposed cuts for Medicaid by up to $1 trillion over a 10- year period. Tragically, the United States has the highest rate of childhood poverty of nearly any major country in the indus-trialized world. Instead of doing all that we can to end childhood poverty in this country, the Republicans have proposed to once again make a horrific situation even worse by cutting nutri-tion programs for children, cutting the WIC Program for low-income pregnant women, cutting the Head Start Pro-gram, after-school programs, and fund-ing for public education. There are millions of senior citizens in this country who can barely make it, and I sometimes wonder how in God’s Name they do make it on $12,000, $13,000, $14,000 a year in Social Secu-rity. How do you keep your house warm, how do you buy the food you need, how do you buy the prescription drugs you need to stay alive on $13,000 or $14,000 a year? There are millions of senior citizens in this country in that position. Yet, despite that reality, over the last year we have had to fight off one Republican effort after another to cut Social Security COLAs, to raise the retirement age, or to even privatize this life-or-death program. Further, the Republicans have pro-posed massive cuts to LIHEAP, the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, which is keeping people warm in Vermont today when the weather goes below zero. All over this country, millions of people, often sen-ior citizens, depend on this program. Yet President Trump, in his budget, proposes to wipe it out completely. Re-publican leaders are also proposing cuts to the Meals on Wheels program, senior housing programs, and Medi-care. Today, in a highly competitive global economy, when we need to have the best educated workforce in the world, when the new jobs that are being cre-ated require a higher education, hun-dreds of thousands of bright young stu-dents desperately want to get a college education, but they are unable to do so because their families lack the income. But Republicans, incredibly, want to make that situation even worse by pro-posing massive cuts in the budget they recently passed to Pell grants—the major source of funding to help low-in-come young people get a college edu-cation—and other financial assistance programs for college. In my view, we should be making public colleges and universities tuition-free. Republicans today are proposing to make it harder for our young people to get the higher education they need. During this budget process, when the Republicans want to expand military spending by some $100 billion—$100 bil-lion—over the next 2 years, by far the largest increase in military spending in American history, we will not turn our backs on working families, the elderly, the children, the sick, and the poor. The U.S. Government must do more than greatly expand military spending and give tax breaks to billionaires. Our job is to protect the working families of this country, and that is what the new budget must do. That means we must have parity between defense and nondefense spending. That is why this budget—the proposed budget—that we are working on now must address the many crises facing the working fami-lies of the United States. That is what the American people want, and that is what we must deliver. Among many other things that must be included in the new budget that we are working on is full funding for community health centers, which provides primary healthcare, dental care, mental health counseling, and low-cost prescription drugs to some 27 million Americans in every State in our country. It has been more than 3 months since funding for community health centers has lapsed. Our Nation’s 1,400 community health centers in roughly 10,000 communities throughout this country are deeply worried right now as to when they will get the funding they need. I just spoke to the leadership of com-munity health centers in Vermont the other day. They have had a long-standing problem—as have community health centers all across this country— in retention and attracting new doc-tors and nurses into their programs. What we are seeing now is a situation where many people who might want to work at a community health center are saying: Why would I want to go there when the Republicans are delaying funding for this vitally important pro-gram? If we do not act soon, 70 percent of the funding for community health cen-ters will be cut and 2,800 health centers will close their doors. Community health centers must be funded at the levels contained in the bipartisan legis-lation introduced earlier this year. I congratulate Senator BLUNT and Sen-ator S
TABENOW for their bipartisan work on this issue, and there are a number of other Republicans who are cosponsoring that legislation. We could pass it tomorrow if it were on the floor of the Senate. Let us do that. The offsets to the prevention pro-gram of the Affordable Care Act that were included in the December 21 agreement are unacceptable, and they must not be repeated. The Blunt-Stabe-now bill has nine Republican cospon-sors. This bill represents a modest 5- percent increase in funding at a cost of just $2 billion over 5 years—the very least we can do to address the major crisis of primary healthcare in Amer-ica, especially in rural America. As you know, Federal funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program expired on September 30, 2017. If the CHIP program is not reauthorized, 9 million children in working families will lose their health insurance. Can you imagine that we have a Congress prepared and acting to give tax breaks to the richest people in this country, but somehow or another they have not gotten around to reauthorize and re- fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program? That must be done imme-diately and, once again, without re-gressive offsets which take money from other health insurance programs. We must keep our promises on pen-sions. If Congress does not act soon, the earned pension benefits of more than 1.5 million workers and retirees in multi-employer pension plans could be cut by up to 60 percent. We must not rescind the promise we made to 1.5 mil-lion workers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.012 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S35 January 4, 2018 
We must expand Social Security services for seniors. Since 2010, Con-gress has cut Social Security’s oper-ating budget by 16 percent, and Repub-licans want to cut it another 4 percent this year. These budget cuts have re-sulted in the loss of more than 10,000 employees, the closing of 64 field of-fices, and reduced hours in many oth-ers. In Vermont, one field office has seen its staffing cut by 30 percent. Ac-cording to a recent Washington Post article, 10,000 people died in the past year while they waited for decisions on Social Security disability benefits. We need to increase the funding for these vital services by at least $1.4 billion just to bring staffing back up to where it was in 2010. We need to keep our promises to our veterans, the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend our country. Right now, we have tens of thousands of vacancies in the VA. Those vacancies must be filled. Vet-erans must be able to get high-quality, timely healthcare. We must fight the opioid and heroin epidemic that is sweeping this country. All over America, we are seeing tens of thousands of people, often young peo-ple, overdosing on opioids and heroin. States and communities all over this country need the resources for preven-tion and treatment. That is an issue that cannot be delayed. It has to be dealt with now. Everybody knows that in the last several months, we have seen disas-trous hurricanes impact Texas and Florida and Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. In Puerto Rico today, there continue to be many people who still do not have electricity. We must pass disaster relief right now that is ade-quate and that treats Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands just as we will treat Texas and Florida. We cannot continue to delay given the enormous suffering that is existing in Puerto Rico and in the Virgin Islands. Very briefly, let me touch on another issue of enormous consequence which simply cannot be ignored. On Sep-tember 5, 2017, President Trump an-nounced that he would be rescinding President Obama’s Executive order on DACA. That decision means that some 800,000 young people who have known the United States of America as their only home—this is where they grew up; this is where they went to school—are on the verge of losing their legal status in terms of education, in terms of em-ployment, and in terms of serving in the military if that program is not re-established. Without the legal protec-tions afforded by the DACA Program, these young people live in a constant fear of being deported. Since the Presi-dent’s announcement in September, more than 11,000 people have lost the protections under DACA, with there being approximately 22,000 set to lose their legal protections by the March 5, 2018, deadline. Any spending agreement must ad-dress the fear and uncertainty that has been unnecessarily caused by the ad-ministration’s reckless actions, and a clean Dream Act must be signed into law as part of the budget negotiations. Protecting the Dreamers and moving these young people toward citizenship is not some kind of wild and radical idea; it is precisely what the American people want. A recent Quinnipiac poll showed that 77 percent of the American people support providing legal protec-tions to the Dreamers. This is an issue that must be dealt with, and it must be dealt with now. When history looks back on this pe-riod, I do not want it to see a U.S. Con-gress that worked overtime to protect billionaires and large corporations and a Congress that turned its back on working families and the children and the sick and the poor. I do not want history to look back on this period and say that Members of Congress thought it appropriate to spend $100 billion more on the military but were not con-cerned about veterans who did not get the healthcare they needed or some 800,000 young people who are now frightened that they will lose their legal status. As the U.S. Senate, we must get our priorities right, and we need a budget that deals not only with military spending but with the needs of the mid-dle class and working families of this country. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:52 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. L
EE). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. 
IRAN 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise today as brave citizens in Iran are taking to the streets to exercise their fundamental right to freely express their opinions and protest against their government. As a democracy founded on core val-ues, including the freedom of speech, equal rights under the law, and basic human dignity, the United States must always stand up for those peacefully advocating for these principles. For decades America has championed these principles, not only because they are right but because they promote our in-terests. We know that nations whose governments respect human rights and freedom of expression, that uphold the rule of law, and that protect the civil rights and liberties of their people serve as America’s most reliable allies, most strategic security relationships, and most prosperous economic part-ners. Our enduring belief in democratic values compels all of us to stand up, not as Democrats or Republicans but as Americans, and to support citizens around the world courageously pro-testing the regimes that oppress them. We stand with those who speak out, and even risk their own lives, to make their voices heard in the struggle against oppression, inequality, and in-justice. The fact that today’s protests in Iran are against a regime that en-gages in activity that directly threat-ens our Nation, our allies, and our se-curity interests is a separate matter. Iran’s leaders may try to blame the protests on outside forces, but in re-ality this unrest is homegrown. The Iranians marching in Tehran know ex-actly who is to blame for the hardship, inequality, and oppression they face in their daily lives. It is the regime itself. For those who have closely followed the developments in Iran for years, it is no surprise to learn that the regime continues to disregard the basic rights of its citizens. The regime has proven that it has no moral qualms with forc-ing the innocent to suffer. Already se-curity forces are responsible for the deaths of more than 20 Iranian pro-testers. They have detained and impris-oned hundreds of people who are simply speaking their minds. Of course, these abuses are just one example of the consistently odious be-havior we have witnessed from Iran in recent years. This is a regime that has proven that it is more interested in building ballistic missiles than build-ing bridges, that believes money is bet-ter spent on terrorist networks in Leb-anon and Syria than on schools and hospitals for the Iranian people, that any revenue generated by Iran’s inter-national energy deals go directly into the pockets of those fomenting discord in the region and not into the hands of Iranian citizens trying to feed their families, and that will continue to en-gage in malign activity that isolates it from the community of nations, di-rectly at the expense of the Iranian people. For these reasons and many more, I sincerely hope that the inter-national community lives up to its re-sponsibility to support all those who are protesting this repressive regime. However, words go only so far. The United States must continue to lead international efforts to counter the Iranian regime’s destabilizing behavior overseas. Unfortunately, this adminis-tration has yet to take the lead. We hear plenty of bluster from this Presi-dent, but threatening tweets do not constitute policy nor can they hold Iran culpable. Putting a nation ‘‘on no-tice’’ means nothing if there are no policies put in place. We need a real strategy that addresses Iran’s desta-bilizing activities in the Middle East, whether it is the regime’s continued support for terrorist networks, illegal ballistic missile development, or human rights abuses and political in-terference in other countries. These threats are what compelled me to work with my colleagues across the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.014 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES36 January 4, 2018 
aisle last year to pass the Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, a bill to hold Iran accountable for its on-going support for terrorism, ballistic missile proliferation, and human rights abuses. This legislation passed the Sen-ate with an overwhelming bipartisan majority of 98 to 2. Ultimately, it served as the base text of the Coun-tering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, which addressed a wide range of hostile behavior from not just Iran but from Russia and North Korea as well. This bill calls for the adminis-tration to develop a comprehensive re-gional strategy to deter conventional and asymmetric threats. We are fast approaching the deadline for that strategy. More importantly, however, we have heard the President say for more than a year that he was going to develop a plan to hold Iran accountable. Thus far, we have seen nothing more than tough talk. The reality is that this ad-ministration has yet to fully imple-ment critical provisions of this law that could substantively counter Iran’s nefarious behavior. The bill gives the President the authority to target human rights abusers, including those complicit in the ongoing repression of protesters, but he has yet to use that authority. The bill also authorizes the President to go after those individuals and entities that are violating inter-national arms embargoes, exporting hateful ideologies and weapons across the region and fomenting violence and chaos against innocent civilians in Syria and Yemen, but he has yet to go after these actors. While the administration designated Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps under terrorism authority— something I applaud—it has not effec-tively targeted actors associated with the IRGC. All of my colleagues know that I was deeply skeptical and strongly opposed to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion. I voted against the JCPOA pre-cisely because I thought it was a mis-take to roll back sanctions on Iran without the total dismantlement of its nuclear infrastructure. However, refus-ing to certify Iran’s compliance with a deeply flawed deal, as the President did in October, does little to address its shortcomings. The President’s move in October was a hollow attempt to fulfill a campaign promise while continuing to let Iran enjoy the benefits of the JCPOA and continue its non-nuclear malign activities throughout the re-gion. Furthermore, this decision was carried without a clear path forward and without specific proposals that could have garnered critical inter-national support. At the end of the day, the Trump ad-ministration’s actions may have actu-ally left the United States with less le-verage to address Iran’s far-reaching, nefarious behavior in the Middle East, whether it be its support for terrorism, its human rights abuses, or its illegal ballistic missile development. None of these critical security challenges are addressed simply by not certifying the JCPOA, nor does it move us toward a comprehensive international strategy for the nuclear program Iran plans to resume immediately following this agreement’s expiration. In short, the President’s own lack of policy has squandered whatever leverage he may have hoped to gain. Furthermore, the President has se-verely disadvantaged himself by gut-ting the very instruments in his na-tional security apparatus that should be taking the lead on Iran and all for-eign policy matters. As an architect of the sanctions networks that crippled Iran’s economy and forced its leaders to negotiate with the international community, I know how essential our diplomatic arsenal is to confronting Iran. The President, however, seems com-mitted to hollowing out those agencies and offices that are in the best position to advance our diplomatic interests. The Trump administration, for exam-ple, has shuttered the office of sanc-tions policy at the State Department. The Office of Foreign Assets Control at the Treasury Department is now woe-fully understaffed. As the President publicly talks about supporting democ-racy, his administration has scrapped funding for human rights and democ-racy programs and even removed the word ‘‘democracy’’ from USAID’s mis-sion statement. Meanwhile, Iran continues to in-crease its presence in Iraq, to maintain support for the terrorist organization Hezbollah, and to take credit for Bashar al-Assad’s murderous grip on power in Syria. The United States must be willing to work with its allies if we are serious about holding Iran accountable. We should be corralling our allies in Eu-rope to begin treating all of Hezbollah’s entities as terrorist organi-zations. We should be moving our allies toward the development of a com-prehensive international strategy for addressing Iran’s nuclear ambitions once the JCPOA expires. Finally, this administration must prioritize the release of American citi-zens unjustly arrested and detained in Iran. Today, Princeton University stu-dent Xiyue Wang, a scholar from one of the most renowned academic institu-tions in the world, in my home State of New Jersey, remains in prison under ri-diculous charges of espionage. Simi-larly, Siamak Namazi, a former stu-dent of Rutgers University in New Jer-sey, remains in prison, along with his father, a former UNICEF employee. And Robert Levinson remains missing after more than 10 years. In short, this President’s approach toward Iran thus far has been a dis-jointed mix of campaign promises, bluster, and confusing signals to our allies—not a serious consideration of how to effectively confront an existing and growing threat. So, as we approach a legally man-dated deadline for the President to present Congress and the American people with a sound policy to confront a real threat, I call on the President to make use of our incredible national se-curity establishment, to consult ex-perts who can help formulate a strong, sound policy capable of confronting Iran’s destabilizing behavior in the Middle East, and to implement a strat-egy that will effectively confront Iran’s continued support for international terrorism, its belligerent ballistic mis-sile tests, and its ongoing public and brutal abuses of human rights within its own borders and around the world. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM BILL  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, Repub-licans just passed the largest tax re-form package in 30-something years, and middle America will go home in February with bigger paychecks than they did—I say in February because it will not take that long for the IRS to update their software. They will go home with more money in their pock-ets. If there has been a theme in the Trump administration, it is that they want those working Americans, those middle-class Americans, to do better under this President than they did in the previous 8 years. That tax reform package is part of that, and I am amazed that my Democratic colleagues objected to it. They objected to middle- class Americans having more money in their pockets, in their take-home pay, for no other reason, I think, than to re-sist President Trump. 
OFFSHORE OIL AND GAS LEASING PROPOSAL  
Mr. President, what I am about to speak about speaks to better jobs and better wages for working Americans, for those middle-class families. This afternoon, the U.S. Department of the Interior released the Trump ad-ministration’s draft proposed program for offshore oil and gas leasing. This proposal would mean more affordable energy made right here in the United States of America. That is good news for American workers and families. I commend President Trump and Inte-rior Secretary Zinke for their commit-ment to supporting American workers and making America energy dominant. For decades, past administrations have handcuffed American energy man-ufacturers by restricting offshore leases to the western and central Gulf of Mexico. You could only drill there, not elsewhere. Past plans left 90 per-cent of U.S. offshore resources off lim-its to energy producers and in the proc-ess said no to thousands of good-paying American jobs and billions of dollars in offshore investments—when I say ‘‘off-shore,’’ I mean off the American shore 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.015 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S37 January 4, 2018 
but creating jobs here in the United States of America. The Trump administration’s proposal rejects the status quo and puts Amer-ican workers and families first. It would open areas with significant oil and gas potential—areas off the coast of Alaska and the Atlantic and Pacific and portions of the eastern Gulf of Mexico. What are the ramifications of this? According to one study, opening the eastern Gulf of Mexico would create nearly 230,000 new American jobs by 2035. It would bring roughly $115 billion of investment to the United States. Federal, State, and local governments would collect an additional $70 billion in tax revenue by 2035, not because rates are going up—rates have now gone down—but, rather, people are making more money, and because they are making more money at lower rates, Federal, State, and local tax receipts continue to increase. American energy production would be boosted by about 1 million barrels of oil, making our country more secure. Let’s take a look at the State-by- State job increases from these lease sales. Florida gets the biggest gain of all—87,000 new jobs by 2035. Texas would add 62,000. My home State of Louisiana would add 31,000 new jobs. Alabama would add 21,000; Mississippi, 12,000; and the rest of United States, 15,000 new jobs. I know some of my colleagues across the aisle, including my Democratic col-league from Florida, have expressed concerns about this energy production plan’s impact on fishing and military training in the Gulf of Mexico. Let’s re-member that oil and gas manufacturers have coexisted with other activities for decades. I share my colleagues’ interest in protecting our communities, busi-nesses, and the environment. The re-ality is that these goals are not mutu-ally exclusive, especially on the gulf coast. Let me use Louisiana as an example. According to NOAA, Louisiana has 4 of the 10 top ports in the country by vol-ume and value of seafood landed. In 2016, two Louisiana ports alone re-ceived 670 million pounds of seafood landed in the gulf. This is in addition to the oil and gas production off of our coast. Together with Texas, our two States accounted for half of U.S. shrimp landings. NOAA also reports that roughly half of the jobs in commercial and rec-reational fishing in the gulf exist in States where there is also oil and gas production. Recreationally, gulf an-glers accounted for 33 percent of fish-ing trips, which equals 39 percent of the total U.S. catch. Of course, more than 85 percent of recreational landings were in inland es-tuaries or State territorial waters. Most of the oil and gas activity we are discussing today is in deeper, Federal waters many miles away. Again, the gulf coast is a working coast, and it has been proven over the decades that multiple industries can successfully coexist. When my colleague from Florida brought up his concerns about poten-tial conflicts with the Department of Defense operations in the Gulf of Mex-ico, I took that very seriously. Ensur-ing that our military is equipped to train and test is vitally important. However, it is simply not true that the eastern Gulf of Mexico must be com-pletely free of energy production in order for the military to conduct oper-ations. Our military’s own testing data from the last 5 years makes that very clear. This map shows all the Depart-ment of Defense testing done in the last 5 years in the eastern Gulf of Mex-ico. The Department of Defense used only 19 percent of the eastern Gulf of Mexico during the last 5 years. To put it differently, 81 percent of the gulf went untouched. When you look even more closely at the space regularly used by our mili-tary, it becomes clear that this objec-tion to energy production in the east-ern gulf does not pass the smell test. This is the Panhandle of Florida. Right here is the State of Alabama. For those who are interested in it, the Florida-Alabama bar is right there, and this is where folks from Louisiana love to go and enjoy themselves. This is, if you will, zoomed in on the last map and shows the spaces the mili-tary used for more than 14 days during that 5-year period. So over 5 years, these are the spaces it used for more than 14 days—not per year but over the 5 years. Only 0.5 percent of the eastern Gulf of Mexico was used by the Depart-ment of Defense for more than 14 days over the last 5 years—0.5 percent. That means that the Department of Defense regularly uses only 1 out of every 200 acres in the gulf. I have met with both the Interior De-partment and the Defense Department and urged them to work together to en-sure the best use of Federal waters. This data shows that it can be done. I am confident that, under the Trump administration’s proposal, we can pro-vide thousands of Americans with good-paying jobs, boost our energy manufacturing and security, strength-en our economy, and do it in a way that is environmentally responsible and protects our communities. I applaud today’s announcements be-cause it will make a true difference for our country and for the American peo-ple, the American worker who has not done well over the last 8 years but under this administration has begun to do well, and this is the next step in making sure that his and her future is as bright as it ever could be. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OR-
NYN). The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the Senator from Texas, Mr. C
ORNYN , be recognized at the conclusion of my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. REMEMBERING THOMAS S . MONSON  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I rise today to honor the life of a truly remarkable man: Thomas S. Monson, the president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints. On Tuesday night, at the age of 90, President Monson was called home by his Heavenly Father. I expect that his reunion with his wife Frances was a joyous occasion, and I am confident that this reunion will provide comfort to his three children and eight grand-children. But President Monson’s legacy is far greater than his family, even though that was of paramount importance to President Monson and his wife Frances. President Monson’s legacy also in-cludes the countless men and women whose lives were touched by him, as well as the confident, global church he helped to shepherd, to expand, and to strengthen. Consider this: In the 54 years Thomas Monson served as an apostle, church membership swelled from 2 million to 16 million. That accomplishment is a blessing from God, but it was realized by saints like President Monson, who devoted their lives to serving Him—in his case, starting at an exceptionally young age. Thomas Monson was born and raised in Salt Lake City in a large and de-voutly faithful family. He attended Utah State University. He served with honor in the U.S. Navy Reserve, and he worked for a time in printing, includ-ing for the Deseret News. By the age of 22, he was the bishop of a ward, a local congregation in Salt Lake City, charged with guiding over 1,000 people in their walks with Christ. By 36 he was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, one of the youngest people ever to receive that special calling. But Brother Monson did not give in to hubris as a result of those unex-pected and, in many cases, early pro-motions. Quite the opposite, he was humbled by the very heavy mantle that had been placed on his shoulders with each of these callings. Members of President Monson’s ward remember the young bishop as a steady companion to people who were endur-ing struggles and hardship. There were 80 widows in his ward, and Bishop Mon-son took the time to visit every single one of them on a regular basis. Also in his ward were 18 servicemen fighting in the Korean war. Every month, he sent letters to those 18 men to remind them that they had not been forgotten, and even decades later, he would speak of these servicemen and widows during the church’s General Conference meet-ing. His love for them could still be felt by those in attendance. Those stories illustrate the kind of man President Monson truly was. I can testify to this fact through personal anecdotes of my own, including the fact that in 2010, shortly after I had been elected to the U.S. Senate, Presi-dent Monson invited me, along with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.017 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES38 January 4, 2018 
my wife Sharon and our three children, to visit with him in his office in Salt Lake City. He prayed with us, encour-aged us, and offered us counsel. As much as anything, we just felt honored that he would take the time to meet with us and show interest in our lives. This is perhaps the single most con-sistent thread in President Monson’s life. He was someone who at every step of his life, at every stage of his service, was always willing to reach out to oth-ers, to visit them even without anyone else expecting it. He was known—fa-mous, in fact—for routinely inter-rupting his daily routine just to visit someone who happened to be sick, who happened to be in the hospital, who happened to be going through some-thing difficult. President Monson didn’t always know the reason why he needed to visit the person in advance; he just knew it needed to be done, and he always did. There are lessons that we can learn here in the U.S. Senate about this type of service—this type of service that is selfless, that is eternal in its scope and in its reach, this type of service that blesses the lives of other human beings without any expectation of remunera-tion. He was a leader who understood how even small, seemingly insignifi-cant acts of kindness could affect peo-ple’s lives in profound, lasting ways. He always urged his brothers and sis-ters within the church and elsewhere to be on the lookout for signs that God was calling them to help. ‘‘Never fail to follow a prompting of the Holy Spirit,’’ he would say, and on a regular basis, he did just that. This could mean visiting a relative in the hospital or delivering a meal to a coworker who was mourn-ing a loss or just checking in on a friend he hadn’t seen in a while. For President Monson, it was always about taking time for that personal connection. President Monson knew that little encounters build strong re-lationships—and strong saints. In 2008, President Thomas S. Monson was called to lead the church. He proved to be a good steward of the church in a fast-moving world and in an expanding, growing faith commu-nity. Many obituaries have already noted how in 2012 he lowered the age requirement for missionaries, a deci-sion that increased the missionary force in short order from 52,000 to al-most 70,000. That is almost 20,000 more young people to spread the Gospel and daily serve in those communities around the world. But President Monson did far more than that to strengthen the church’s commitment to caring for the least in our community. Under his leadership, the church expanded its poverty and disaster relief programs. He even added ‘‘caring for the poor and needy’’ to the church’s official mission statement. President Monson lived in Utah al-most his entire life, but his heart was with the church spreading throughout the world. During the depths of the Cold War, he helped lead the Latter- day Saints trapped behind the Iron Curtain. Mormons in the Soviet Union were poor just like everyone else. They didn’t have a temple, and their govern-ments forbade them from traveling abroad. As a result, they didn’t have access to temple ceremonies that are central to our faith. That didn’t sit well with President Monson. As he told his brothers and sisters from the pulpit during a trip to East Germany, he wanted them to share in ‘‘every blessing’’ of the faith. So he gave everything he had to help those people, even the shirt off his own back—quite literally. He returned from one trip to the Soviet Union in his house slippers because he had given his spare clothes to the less fortunate, a funny story that brings to mind the words of the Savior: ‘‘[For] I was a stranger, and ye took me in: [I was] naked, and ye clothed me.’’ Around that time, President Monson began two decades of quiet diplomacy with the Soviet authorities, including with Erich Honecker himself. His labor reaped a tremendous harvest. In a re-gime that was hostile to religion and to outsiders, he won approval for Mor-mon missionaries to come and spread the Gospel. In 1985, he won an even bigger tri-umph when a temple opened behind the Iron Curtain in Freiberg, Germany. Ninety thousand East Germans at-tended the dedication of that temple. He had followed a prompting of the Lord. The result was nothing less than that dramatic, impactful tear in the Iron Curtain, one that had stifled reli-gious belief, but religious belief was fa-cilitated by this noble servant of the Lord Jesus Christ. These are just a few stories from President Monson’s life that I have shared, and I would like to conclude with just one more. Not long ago, President Monson was asked what he wanted for his birthday, which was coming up. Here was his simple re-sponse: 
Do something for someone else on that day to make his or her life better. Find someone who is having a hard time, or is ill, or lonely, and do something for them. That’s all I would ask. 
President Monson was always look-ing for little ways to help other people. That wish is as true in death as it was in life. In lieu of flowers for his funeral, the church has requested contributions be made to the church’s Humanitarian Aid Fund. President Monson’s legacy will out-last his death because he chose to fol-low the One who conquered death, tak-ing upon Himself the sins, the trans-gressions, the pains, the miseries of all mankind so that we, too, might return to live with Him. President Monson will be missed. President Monson, God be with you until we meet again. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The majority whip. ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE CONGRESS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I know we are back, fresh from the holidays, at the start of a new year, and all of us are already thinking a lot and working hard on the tasks we have at hand. We have a lot to do, especially before the next continuing resolution expires on January 19. But I don’t want to make the mis-take of failing to recount the good work we were able to accomplish on be-half of the American people in 2017 be-cause, sometimes, in the hustle and bustle of life, we fail to acknowledge those things that we have actually been able to do, for which we ought to be grateful, and that our constituents need to know about. I would like to take just a few minutes to do exactly that because, unfortunately, in the hyperpolitical and hyperpolarized po-litical environment we live in today— especially with the advent of social media—there are always some naysayers and pundits who want to offer their comments. One of the things I have noticed most about many of those naysayers and pundits when they comment on what is happening here in Washington is how little they know about the facts. The facts matter, and I want to offer those for the public’s consideration now. In January of last year, the Nation was quickly called to order following the inauguration of President Trump. One of his first actions was to nomi-nate Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court. I think most of us were aston-ished at the quality of this selection, many of us not being familiar with the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals on which Justice Gorsuch served in Den-ver, CO. Justice Gorsuch was quickly con-firmed in April, and then we moved on to fill other judicial vacancies, which, of course, are the prerogative of the President to make that nomination and to then be confirmed with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate. We, like the President, have made filling these judicial vacancies a priority. The fact is, though, that the Senate is in the personnel business. In other words, our friends in the House of Rep-resentatives don’t have to vote on con-firmation of judges and other Presi-dential nominees, but we in the Senate have that responsibility. All told, we have confirmed 19 men and women to the Federal bench in 2017, setting a record for appellate judges confirmed during a President’s first year in office. Two of them, Jim Ho and Don Willett, I am pleased to say, will serve from Texas on the Fifth Circuit Court of Ap-peals that sits in New Orleans. These are exceptionally qualified nominees— and typical in that description of the types of people that President Trump has selected to serve in the Federal ju-diciary. But our work wasn’t just confined to confirming the President’s nominees. After 8 years of overreach, hundreds of burdensome rules passed during the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.018 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S39 January 4, 2018 
previous administration—many in the waning hours of President Obama’s Presidency—were rolled back or sus-pended. I am glad Congress did its part, using the Congressional Review Act to roll back 15 harmful regulations last year. As much as anything, I think that has contributed to the soaring stock market, the increase in con-sumer confidence, and the extraor-dinary rebound of our economy. As last summer began, we passed a bill funding Texas priorities. It funded things like the National Space Admin-istration programs at Houston’s John-son Space Center, which will advance missions, hopefully back to the moon and eventually to Mars. We allowed through that funding to make sure that the Department of Homeland Se-curity had what they needed to hire ad-ditional Border Patrol and agents at ports of entry to improve those check-points and to add immigration court judges too. I remember thinking about Hurri-cane Harvey. A friend of mine years ago asked the rhetorical question: Do you know what makes God laugh? Then he answered: When we make plans. Hurricane Harvey is perhaps an ex-ample of that, because we were making other plans when we got this natural disaster known as Hurricane Harvey. Texas was pummeled with the most extreme rain event in the history of the United States, devastating more than 28,000 square miles along the coast. I, along with the entire Texas congressional delegation, helped secure roughly $30 billion for recovery efforts, but the thing I am most proud of is the way ordinary Texans responded to their neighbors in need. They weren’t waiting around for Washington to act first. They wanted to act to help their neighbors, their community, and their State. Recognizing we have the Presiding Officer from Louisiana, I just want to make special note of the Cajun Navy that came over from Louisiana to help rescue people off of their rooftops. That is part of what makes not only Texas and Louisiana great, but it is what makes America great, too, when people will come to the aid of their fellow Americans. As Texans tore out sheetrock and molded carpet in their living rooms, Federal resources helped piece together the lives disrupted. Now we have to make sure we complete the task by de-livering additional relief not only to Texas but to Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands, as well as to those States devastated by the wildfires out West. The House having passed a sub-stantial disaster relief bill and sent it over to us, I am hopeful that is some-thing we will take up and pass very soon, perhaps as soon as January 19. I spoke about natural disasters, but now let me turn to a manmade dis-aster. After the hurricane, Texas was dealt a second blow just 2 months later, when a man opened fire at a church in Sutherland Springs, TX. With multiple convictions for domestic violence, a felony conviction, and a history of mental illness, this indi-vidual should never have been able to legally purchase a firearm because, under existing law, those conditions disqualify you from being able to pur-chase a firearm, if you are a convicted felon, convicted of domestic violence, or have a history of mental illness. That is why, following this terrible disaster where 26 people were killed, I introduced the bipartisan Fix NICS Act—that is, Fix the National Instant Criminal Background Check System Act—to ensure existing laws are en-forced and convicted felons don’t ex-ploit our background check system by lying and buying. I am going to con-tinue to urge the passage of this impor-tant piece of legislation, which is, as I say, bipartisan, as it should be. The fall of 2017 gave way to winter and soon came the flurries of snow not only here in Washington but back home in Texas. The week before Christ-mas, we completed comprehensive tax reform—a historic overhaul of the Tax Code and the first in more than three decades. We said originally that our goals were threefold: One was to make the Tax Code simpler; the second was to make sure everybody in every tax bracket saw a decrease in their tax li-ability; and third was to make the American Tax Code competitive in the global economy. Until that point, we had the highest tax rate in the indus-trialized world, which caused compa-nies to move or invest offshore and cre-ate jobs in other countries rather than the United States because we had the most burdensome tax in the industri-alized world. As I said, this bill—now law—reduces taxes in all income brackets and boosts the standard deduction and child tax credit. This means that only 1 out of 10 taxpayers will likely choose to itemize because they will actually benefit more from the standard deduction along with the child tax credit. It will allow businesses to add jobs, raise wages, and reinvest in the United States from overseas. For example, a family of four making the median income will see their taxes drop by more than $2,000—a reduction of nearly 58 percent. Tax reform complements an economy that has already been truly unleashed under this administration. Just since January, the economy has added 1.7 million new jobs, and over the last two quarters, our economy has grown at more than 3 percent—as compared to an average of only 1.9 percent under the previous administration. While not historic in the sense that the tax bill was historic, there is other legislation we passed with little fan-fare but significant impact that I would like to mention. One is a bill I championed called the PROTECT Our Children Act, which re-authorizes task forces to combat child exploitation online. The second I would like to mention is a bill that tackled elder abuse. A third, called the SAFER Act—which was signed today by the President—reauthorizes rape kit audits and prioritizes the training of pediatric nurses handling sexual assault cases. I was shocked and chagrined a year or so ago to learn there could be as many as 400,000 untested rape kits ei-ther sitting in evidence lockers or in laboratories untested. Now, thanks to the Debbie Smith Act—named after a heroic woman who has championed the funding of Federal efforts to identify and test this backlog of rape kits—that number is far smaller today, but reau-thorization of the SAFER Act is impor-tant to keep our commitment to vic-tims of sexual assault that we will do everything in our power to help them identify their assailant and bring them to justice, and, at the same time, exon-erate people who may be falsely ac-cused because there is no DNA match. Finally, other legislation I filed and has now been signed into law assists police departments in hiring military veterans. We know our police depart-ments are always in need of good, high-ly qualified applicants for those impor-tant first responder jobs. Once signed by the President, it will streamline the process that Active-Duty personnel and reservist members go through to apply for their commercial driver’s license. We know it is a long and arduous process to apply for a commercial driv-er’s license, so why not take our Ac-tive-Duty military who are soon to re-tire or our veterans and expedite their ability to qualify for a commercial driver’s license when they leave the military? As I said, these bills don’t grab big headlines, but they chip away at prob-lems and were passed on a bipartisan basis—which I think puts the lie to the canard that nothing ever gets done in Washington. The job of men and women in Con-gress is to serve the people who elected us. This last year we made important strides, but our work is just beginning. As I said at the outset, there is much that lies ahead. Many Americans and many Texans are still knocking at the door of greater prosperity. I hope we will make it our New Year’s resolution to open that door a little wider in 2018. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RESCINDING THE COLE MEMO  
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise today because earlier on this day, the Trump administration and Attorney General Jeff Sessions rescinded the Justice Department’s policy known as the Cole memo. The Cole memo is a policy issued under the Obama administration in-structing prosecutors to shift away 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.019 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES40 January 4, 2018 
from a focus on nonviolent marijuana crimes and toward more serious crimes that threaten our communities. This memo was a critical step and a move in the right direction, undoing some of the catastrophic damage that has been caused by the failed War on Drugs. It was a step forward for the Federal Gov-ernment in mending our broken drug policies that have so hurt our Nation in so many ways. I believe it was a step forward that the vast majority of Americans who believe the War on Drugs failed agree with. It was a step forward that improved Americans’ safety, saved money, and better aligned our laws with our most fundamental values of fairness, equality, and jus-tice. Yet, today, Attorney General Jeff Sessions has instructed the Depart-ment of Justice to not just double down on failed policy but to turn back the clock and undermine the well-being of our country. The policy change actually goes against what Jeff Sessions promised elected officials in this body before his confirmation. We already heard from the other C
ORYin the Senate—Repub-lican Senator C
ORY GARDNER —that he had a commitment from the Attorney General before his confirmation that this is not what he would do. This is an attack on our most sacred ideals and the very purpose of the De-partment of Justice, which is to pro-tect Americans, to elevate ideals of justice, and to do right by people. It is a failure of this administration, which said—our President said during his campaign that he would honor what States are doing. It is a betrayal by our Attorney General, who gave a commit-ment to at least one Republican Mem-ber of this body. But most signifi-cantly, it will hurt America. It ignores the fact that there is a growing bipar-tisan consensus that the War on Drugs has failed. It sacrifices our critical, ur-gently needed resources in our commu-nities, violating our values and de-stroying families, and has failed to make us safer. Let me walk through those four points one by one—first, this massive waste of public resources that are ur-gently needed in other areas. In the last four decades in this country, we have spent so much on these policies at the same time that we are disinvesting from public education, from our public colleges, disinvesting from investments and innovation, investments in science and research. Yet we have spent tril-lions of dollars on this failed War on Drugs. We have created a nation that says we are the land of the free, but we are the incarceration nation on the planet Earth. One out of every four incarcer-ated people on this planet is impris-oned here in the United States of America. One out of every three incar-cerated women on the planet is incar-cerated right here in the United States of America. Between the time of 1990 and 2005, we have devoted so much of our resources to building new prisons. During that time, we were building a new prison in the United States every 10 days to keep up with the massive amount of people who were being driven into our prisons. One new prison was being built every 10 days as our infrastructure and our roads and bridges crumbled. We have sidelined the resources of our law enforcement officials. I know this, having been a former mayor. The precious time, resources, and energy of our law enforcement officials have been sidelined, redirecting them to marijuana enforcement, and for what? At a time when we have real issues to deal with in our country, such as a drug epidemic; at a time when people cannot afford treatment and when there are waiting lists for treatment because we don’t have the resources to deal with this opioid epidemic, we are instead using our resources to enforce marijuana laws. The Centers for Disease Control, the CDC, reported last year that 91 Ameri-cans die every single day from the opioid epidemic in this country. Mean-while, according to FBI data from 2014, one American is arrested every single minute for marijuana possession—one American every minute for marijuana possession. That is about 1,700 Ameri-cans being arrested every day for mari-juana possession, using police re-sources, resources to put people in jail, to hold them, to feed them, court re-sources. All that can be used better and invested in our society to deal with the ravages of the opioid epidemic. Police resources that could be used to chase after violent offenders are instead being used for marijuana possession. It is somehow crazy that we think we can arrest our way out of a problem. Doubling down on these failed efforts makes no sense. It is a massive waste of our precious resources as a society. No. 2, it is also perpetuating injustice in our country. We believe that every-one in this Nation should have equal justice under the law. Those are the words written on the Supreme Court. But we know this War on Drugs has not been a War on Drugs, it has been a war on people—and not all people but cer-tain people, the most vulnerable peo-ple. It has been a war on people, a war on mentally ill people. It has been a war on people of color. The unequal application of mari-juana laws has created a justice system where outcomes are often more depend-ent upon race and class than dependent upon guilt or innocence. In privileged communities and places all across this country, marijuana is being used with little fear of consequences and openly spoken about and joked about with lit-tle understanding of the painful fact that the War on Drugs in America has scarcely affected their lives but the War on Drugs, because of the unequal application of the laws, is affecting people in other communities. I have seen this personally. I went to Stanford and to Yale, and I watched drug use being done openly—marijuana use. There are no FBI investigations, no sting operations set up to go after the privileged in this country. There are people in this body who openly admit to using marijuana with no consequence. But if you are poor or vulnerable in the United States of America, they are coming after you, and there will be consequences. I have had countless conversations with elect-ed officials about their own personal drug use because it is outrageous to me, this outrageous hypocrisy that they could flaunt drug rules while poor people and people of color suffer as a result of our marijuana laws. The facts are clear. The dispropor-tionate enforcement of marijuana laws has helped to create a system of mas-sive injustice in our country, and it is obvious. There is no difference in America between Blacks and Whites using marijuana, no difference between Blacks and Whites selling marijuana. Blacks are 3.7 times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than a White person is. This is a targeting of certain communities, a targeting of low-income people who are having their lives devastated by this unequal application of the law. Jeff Sessions’ announcement today will make the problem worse. People don’t understand what it means to have a felony conviction for marijuana possession. Most people have no understanding that this is a lifetime sentence in America. It not only affects the individual’s ability to get a job, you can’t get a Pell grant if you have a felony conviction for mari-juana usage, which many people in this body have done. You can’t get a busi-ness license with a felony conviction for marijuana. You can’t get food stamps. You can’t get public housing. It devastates individuals economi-cally, but it devastates their families as well. It destroys the lives of children when suddenly the earner in their fam-ily, who is guilty of no more a serious crime than some of my colleagues— suddenly they have to pick up the pieces after one of their parents is sent away to prison. Missing 1 or 2 days of work often means losing your job, not being able to make your car payment or rental payment. We know that for children, where their father is in pris-on, they are more than five times more likely than their peers to be expelled or suspended from school. This marijuana enforcement is dev-astating families—the fundamental building blocks of communities—and it is devastating communities. These laws weaken our overall economic health. One study found that if it weren’t for the mass incarceration ex-plosion as a result of the War on Drugs, the poverty rate in this country would be 20 percent lower. We have a self-inflicted wound by wasting the resources—police resources and financial resources—of this coun-try, and we have another self-inflicted wound by destroying families and com-munities economically. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.023 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S41 January 4, 2018 
It also has hurt our safety as a coun-try. There are communities all across this Nation that worry about the safe-ty of their children, the safety of their families, and the safety of their neigh-borhoods. By taking these critical re-sources away from law enforcement, this is a sacrifice of our efforts to make communities safe and strong. In 2016, more Americans were ar-rested for marijuana possession than for all violent crimes combined. How many unsolved murders are there? How many unsolved assaults? How much vi-olence and crime should our police be investigating as opposed to dealing with marijuana prohibition? We have fewer police resources, fewer officers. We have occupied our prisons with more marijuana arrests than for rape, murder, aggravated assault, or even the unsolved robberies alone in our country because we are spending our precious police resources on marijuana prohibition. Our history shows this is true. Historians now attest to the com-plete and utter failure of another pro-hibition in this country, which is the prohibition of alcohol. It arguably made people less safe. It led to more drinking and was a blow to our econ-omy and the ability of our officers to do their job. It was even a blow to offi-cers’ safety and security. If we are serious about making our communities safer or stronger, families more secure, we should be focusing on how to undo the catastrophic damage of marijuana prohibition, not double down on it. I say all of this as someone who ran a police department in Newark. It was under my authority as mayor. My offi-cers would talk about the churn of peo-ple they arrested again and again on nonviolent charges—which, by the way, many of our law enforcement officers may have engaged in and people in po-sitions of authority, like Senators and Presidents, have done themselves, deepening the distrust between officers and the community. I saw firsthand how the dispropor-tionate enforcement of our drug laws made communities of mine overcriminalized and underprotected— overcriminalizing possession of mari-juana and underprotecting them on se-rious crimes. This is an issue which I know too per-sonally. I have seen this from walking privileged and elite communities like universities or here in Washington, and I know it because I may be the only Senator who, when I go home, I go home to an inner-city community. I go home to a community where my census track is about $14,000 per household. I love my neighborhood. I love my com-munity. I love my neighbors, but it is outrageous to me that communities like mine and all over this country have seen the vicious impact of the War on Drugs, while other commu-nities—elite communities—can brag and joke about their marijuana usage. I am proud that I spent most of my adult life working with the people of Newark, NJ—a city that is rich with culture, that is rich with art, that is rich with civic engagement—but I know, from Camden to Paterson, to Passaic, to Newark, there are commu-nities like mine that, every single day, are getting the devastating blow of this prohibition—this war on marijuana. I see the anguish people feel about the unjustness and the unfairness of it all and having lives upended for getting caught with small amounts of mari-juana. I have seen countless people who couldn’t find a job or a decent place to live to support their families. I will never forget, as a city council-man in Newark, waiting in line at the DMV. A guy came over and told me the story that he was issued a uniform. He finally had a job that had a pension. He could support his family and move out of a bad neighborhood into a better one. He was so excited. They ran his record, and 18 years earlier he had a nonviolent, marijuana-related charge, and they took it all away from him. Think about that comparison to the highest office in the land, where mari-juana users have occupied with no con-sequence—the hypocrisy of it all. These aren’t just a few people. These are hundreds of thousands of Ameri-cans who are bearing the brunt of non-violent charges for marijuana. They have had their lives destroyed. They have that lifetime sentence of, time and time again, having to check a box about a marijuana arrest, having their uniforms taken away, opportunities closed. I have seen how these laws make us less safe. When are we going to get back to this understanding that we— all of us as Americans—put our hand on our heart and we make a pledge; we swear an oath that we will be a nation of liberty and justice, not for the privi-leged, not for the elite, but we will be a nation of liberty and justice for all. Countless people have talked about equal justice under the law. They have talked about these ideals and prin-ciples from this floor. They talked about it in the suffrage movement. They talked about it in the civil rights movement. It goes all the way back to slavery. Frederick Douglass, on the 24th anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation, made a statement that was as true then as it is now. He said: 
Where justice is denied, where poverty is enforced, where ignorance prevails, and where any one class is made to feel that soci-ety is an organized conspiracy to oppress, rob and degrade them, neither persons nor property will be safe. 
Well, this is the War on Drugs. This is the marijuana prohibition. It has been a systematic oppression of poor people in our country. It has destroyed and devastated individuals, families, communities, and cities. It has bled our national treasure. It has filled our jails to the point where we had to build more and more of them. It has taken away resources from investing in drug treatment or education, which we know not only drives down drug use but empowers people economically. This is the War on Drugs. This is the war on marijuana. Attorney General Sessions’ policy rescission today will only make these problems worse, at a time that the majority of the Amer-ican public agrees with me—agrees that this prohibition must end. The majority of the American people un-derstand that this policy makes our communities less safe, wastes tax-payers’ money, makes it more difficult for police officers to do their jobs, and ultimately hurts the struggling folks at the bottom of the economic ladder most. It disproportionately affects Black and Brown Americans. They are the ones who are bearing the brunt of our failure to get rid of this prohibi-tion. Let’s be clear about what this set-back is. The American people know the War on Drugs has failed. They want change. Republicans and Democrats and Independents in States all across our country are making change at their legislature, at the ballot box— voting in a repeal of these awful, un-fair, wasteful policies all across this country. In red States and blue States, Americans are marching, are standing up, and are fighting to change these laws. We know States that have legalized marijuana have seen a massive in-crease in revenue and decreased rates of serious crime. Crime is going down in those communities. They have been able to put more resources to use to ad-dress urgent public needs like edu-cation and infrastructure. In Colorado, arrest rates have de-creased and State revenue has in-creased. Washington State has seen a 10-percent decrease in violent crime over the 3-year period following legal-ization. It is time for Congress to step up to the plate. It is time for us to once again live up to our oath. It is time for us once again to fight to make our country a place of liberty and justice for all. I know right now Attorney General Jeff Sessions and President Trump are standing squarely on the wrong side of history. I know what our ancestors have taught us about the arc of the moral universe bending toward justice. I know this is not a matter of if but a matter of when we will have sane mari-juana policies in this country and end the prohibition that is destroying neighborhoods. I know these things. How long will people suffer? How long will we waste resources? How long will we make ourselves less safe? How long? This fight is more than about a substance—a plant. It is more. It is about the soul of our Nation. It is about our ideals. It is about justice. It is about justice for veterans who rely on medical marijuana to treat their PTSD. They fought for us, they stood for us, and now, according to Jeff Ses-sions, with the use of medical mari-juana to deal with their PTSD, they are criminals. That is not the America I believe in. It is about justice for the man who has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.024 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES42 January 4, 2018 
a criminal record for doing something that three out of four Presidents have done—who now can’t get a job, can’t get a business license, and can’t move his family to a better home. This is not justice. This is not the America I know we are. This is about the mother I stood next to with her child who had Dravet syndrome—who fell into seizure after seizure multiple times a day—who was a marijuana ref-ugee, leaving a State that didn’t end prohibition to go to a State that had medical marijuana laws. According to Jeff Sessions, she is a criminal. This is not our America. This is not the land of truth and justice to treat a parent like that—like a criminal. This is about families and communities that too long have been fractured by the in-action of this body to address the over-criminalization of our country. This is about the very values people fight for and stand for. This is about who we will be. We cannot fall into this Nation where the privileged and the elite have certain laws and the poor and the struggling have others. What Jeff Sessions did today is un-conscionable, unacceptable, and I will fight against it because when I go home, I see the communities in strug-gle. I can’t turn my head and not un-derstand that there are millions of Americans who are hurting from this decades-long War on Drugs. This is a self-inflicted wound that goes deep to the bone of our country. It undermines our health and well-being, and too many suffer because of it. We have to fight. I feel this sense of hope-fulness because around this country, Democrats and Republicans on the State level are making changes. They are marching forward. They are undoing past wrongs. I feel a sense of hope and promise, and even though today we were delivered a painful blow by our Federal Government to cast a shadow against every American citizen who is using medical marijuana—every American citizen who is doing things Senators have done—I still know that truth will go marching on. I still know we are a nation of justice. I know we are better than this, and I know what our future holds. I ask my colleagues to reject this ac-tion by the Attorney General, to speak out against this devastating reality. There are Senators here who represent States where the people have spoken. It is now time we speak for the people. It is now time we speak for our coun-try’s ideals. It is now time we don’t just speak the words of our pledge but we make this country, in truth, a na-tion of liberty and justice for all. Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. IRAN 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I have two topics I want to speak about today; one is Iran. There is no question that Iran is the principal state sponsor of terrorism in the world. Both the Obama administra-tion and the Trump administration have without hesitation made that point. The Iranian regime provides money and it provides material support for groups such as Hamas and Hezbollah and a host of other terrorist groups. They have threatened to wipe out Israel, one of our closest allies. Their threat is to frankly wipe Israel off the map. And they have systemati-cally trampled on the fundamental freedoms that all people everywhere would want to have. They have done that by taking those freedoms away from their own citizens and those human rights away from their own citizens. In recent days, we have seen what happens after a decade of that kind of corruption and oppression. Protesters began a week ago to protest. It was, by all accounts, unexpected by the pre-vious protest groups, by the military, or by the government. It spread to at least 50 cities, where brave people wanting to stand up—and in the streets began standing up by the thousands— to protest a government that denies them their rights, a government that has impoverished their country while it funnels billions of dollars to terror-ists across the Middle East and across the world. Where did those dollars come from? Unfortunately, too many of those dol-lars came from us. I came to the floor, to this spot, nearly 2 years ago to ask that same question about where that money came from, after the Obama administration paid Iran what amounted to $1.7 billion in what appeared to be a ransom for the release of five American hostages. At the time it was explained: Well, this is just money that we have had for a long time, which was part of an eco-nomic agreement, a foreign military sale that we have held on to. It turned out that the story was not true. We later learned that $400 million of that payment was delivered in pallets of cash that came off an airplane. The pallets were stacked high with cash. And, on top of the $100 billion in sanc-tion relief, we had another stack of bil-lions of dollars in just straight cash— the sanctions relief, under the terribly thought-out Iranian nuclear deal, and the cash to apparently grease the skids so that agreement and others could happen. We have heard of other things in re-cent days where the administration turned its back on bad things that were happening in order to see that the Ira-nian deal was going to go through. Now, if the Iranian deal had been a good deal, that would have been one thing, but to turn your back on bad things so that another bad thing can happen is even worse. So where is this money going? Pro-testers have seen that the money that we delivered to them and the sanctions relief that we delivered to them didn’t go to them and didn’t go to their econ-omy. It continued to finance terror around the world and war in other countries. The State Department, once again, in their assessment said: 
Iran remained the foremost state sponsor of terrorism in 2016 as groups supported by Iran maintained their capability to threaten U.S. interests and allies. The Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps—Qods Force, along with Iranian partners, allies, and prox-ies, continued to play a destabilizing role in military conflicts in Iraq, Syria, and Yemen. 
Those assessments always come about a year late, after you have had time to assess the previous year. I have no doubt that the same assessment for 2016 will also be the assessment for the year we just ended—2017. Frankly, the Iranian people are tired of it. They are angry. They are putting their lives on the line to protest. The response of the Iranian Govern-ment has been predictable. First of all, they blame others for creating these problems. They said that we were agi-tating those freedom fighters in their country, those freedom protesters. They censored access to the social media. They have cracked down by ar-resting hundreds of people. The reports are that at least 20 people have been killed. It is clear that their behavior hasn’t changed; the hope that the Iranian deal would somehow bring the long sought- after moderates in the current govern-ment to the forefront has not hap-pened. We should support the Iranian people. I join the administration in express-ing my support for the men and women, young and old, and the courage that they have demonstrated as they stand up and try to achieve the great-ness of that country, with its long her-itage and its incredible assets in loca-tion and in resources, which they should be able to achieve; they just have not been allowed to do that. The last time this happened, our country was very quiet. This time, our government is speaking up. Hopefully, others will join in. The European coun-tries have more economic impact in Iran than we do, and there is a good reason for that. We have been very thoughtful of wanting to support this regime. They have not. It is time for them to speak up as well. So I join the administration, I join the President, and I encourage friends of freedom around the world to not let this moment pass again—to not, one more time, act as if nothing has hap-pened, and that, somehow, this is ex-actly what the Iranian Government says it is, because it is almost never what the Iranian Government says it is. We wish for those who care about freedom to stand up and defend and en-courage those who are seeking a great-er freedom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.025 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S43 January 4, 2018 
FEMA DECISION  
Mr. President, the other issue I want to speak about today very briefly is that I want to commend the adminis-tration and the Federal Emergency Management Agency for a decision they just made. That decision was to make houses of worship eligible for Federal disaster aid. This is in line with legislation that I introduced in September of last year. Senator G
ILLI-
BRAND and I introduced this legislation after the impact of Hurricane Sandy on houses of worship. FEMA’s Public Assistance Program provides financial grants for the repair, reconstruction, and replacement of pri-vate nonprofit facilities—private non-profit facilities. However, until yester-day, houses of worship were ineligible for FEMA public assistance grants. As we saw last year, houses of wor-ship—churches, synagogues, mosques, and other places—are critical institu-tions within communities. They help feed people in need and, in trying to re-spond to disaster, they provide comfort and shelter during those disasters. FEMA not only did the right thing by making houses of worship eligible for disaster assistance, it did what our Constitution demands. According to FEMA officials, the change in policy was prompted by the Supreme Court’s ruling in the case of Trinity Lutheran Church of Columbia, Inc. v. Comer. We have a provision in our constitution which I argued against and other Missouri elected offi-cials filed amicus briefs against where we said our constitution was wrong in finding that religious, not-for-profit or-ganizations couldn’t be eligible for State programs simply because they were religious. That is not what the U.S. Constitution says. It is not what the Supreme Court determined State constitutions have a right to do. So FEMA has taken an important step. I think it is equally important now that we make this policy perma-nent law. It is the right thing to do. It deserves to be permanently the right thing to do. I am hoping that we see the legislation that I have introduced and that many have cosponsored in whatever is the next supplemental dis-aster funding. Money is going to be spent. Let’s go ahead and properly au-thorize it, as the Supreme Court said we had every right to do and as FEMA has decided that it is the right thing to do. We are in a new year. We have new challenges. One of the goals we have is to be sure that we move forward in strengthening our economy, to help those responding to disasters and ex-panding opportunities for hard-working families. We have done that with regu-latory reform, with judges who will de-termine what the law says, and with a tax bill where people will soon see in their paycheck that it is actually all about hard-working families. I have an editorial from the Joplin Globe today. A tornado struck a com-munity in 2011, and over 100 people were killed. According to the Joplin Globe editorial—just to remind me of the numbers—some 28 churches were either destroyed or damaged by the tornado that came through Joplin. A significant number were totally de-stroyed. I have been to a number of those buildings that have been re-placed, but they were replaced without any of the kind of assistance that other not-for-profits would have had. The Joplin Globe editorial ends with this: 
Floods, fires, tornadoes and hurricanes don’t treat churches differently. Neither should FEMA. 
Again, I congratulate FEMA for the decision they made on this topic. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Joplin Globe editorial be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Joplin Globe] O
URVIEW: FEMA A ID FOR CHURCHES  During Joplin’s 2011 tornado, some 28 churches were either destroyed or damaged. But those that were still standing quickly opened doors and became centers for those left homeless after this national disaster. That’s why we applaud the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s announcement that houses of worship are eligible for FEMA Public Assistance program grants, which provide funding for the repair, reconstruc-tion or replacement of private nonprofit sites. That’s thanks to U.S. Sen. Roy Blunt, R– Mo., who introduced the legislation in Sep-tember to make houses of worship perma-nently eligible for disaster assistance. Sen. Claire McCaskill, the Democrat from Mis-souri, also added her name to the bill in a show of bipartisan support. Both Blunt and McCaskill, in statements put out on Wednesday, recognize the value churches can play in disasters. ‘‘I’m glad to see FEMA do the right thing by ensuring houses of worship are eligible for disaster aid on the same terms as other non-profits,’’ Blunt said. ‘‘As we saw again last year, houses of worship serve a vital role during disasters, providing shelter, food and other services for families who need it the most.’’ Previously, houses of worship were ineli-gible for FEMA Public Assistance program grants. FEMA’s announcement on Wednes-day means that churches, synagogues or mosques affected by disasters declared on or after Aug. 23, 2017, and for applications for assistance that were pending with FEMA as of Aug. 23, 2017, are eligible for assistance. Blunt’s right. Legislation is still needed to ensure houses of worship remain eligible for disaster assistance under federal law on a permanent basis. Floods, fires, tornadoes and hurricanes don’t treat churches differently. Neither should FEMA. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. TRIBUTE TO JAMES CHARLES  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, for the past year or so, I have been coming to the floor nearly every week, and I know the Presiding Officer looks at this as possibly his favorite time of the week because he gets to hear a lot of these ‘‘Alaskan of the Week’’ speeches. I know the pages love them. I come to the floor to talk about my State, really brag about my State, and recognize an Alaskan who has made a difference— made a difference in their community, whether it is a small community or a big community in the State, in the country. I have repeatedly stated—I am sure not all my colleagues agree, but maybe some of them do—that Alaskans live in the greatest State in the greatest country in the world. We certainly have the most beautiful landscapes and all the seasons. I was in Fairbanks and Anchorage over the holidays. It was wonderful. Winter is such a great time in the great State of Alaska. For those who love snow, Alaska is the place to be, so we want everyone to come visit. But it is truly the people and strong communities throughout Alaska that make our State so great—such a wel-coming place. For those of us who live in Alaska, sustainable community is everything. Living in one of the most magnificent places on Earth, also, certainly has its challenges. We depend on each other. Our traditional knowledge, our inge-nuity, our warm-hearted nature, and our determination to overcome these challenges is what makes our State great and is often the theme of our ‘‘Alaskan of the Week’’ speeches. Today I wish to transport you to the village of Tuntutuliak—a village of about 400 people, southwest of Bethel, AK, on the 700-mile long, mighty Kuskokwim River—and introduce you to a truly amazing elder who, for 77 years, has worked tirelessly for his community and for our State. This is James Charles, who is our Alaskan of the Week. Over the past decades, when there has been a meeting on the Kuskokwim concerning fish or wildlife or subsist-ence, James has been there helping to create and shape a fishing and hunting community and regulations, not only for the region but for the entire State of Alaska. James was born in 1940 in a fish camp below Helmick Point on the Kuskokwim River. During that time, Alaska was being devastated by a tu-berculosis epidemic. In fact, in the mid-20th century, Alaska Native people experienced the highest incidence of tuberculosis of any population ever. This is one of the many challenges we talk about. Sadly, the epidemic took James’s fa-ther, his uncle, and both grandparents, leaving his mother and the community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.026 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES44 January 4, 2018 
to care for her three children. The com-munity—like many still, unfortu-nately, in Alaska—didn’t have hos-pitals or clinics. They didn’t have med-icine. The Federal Government basi-cally turned a blind eye to the havoc that this disease was wreaking over all of Alaska, particularly in our small vil-lages. What the community did have was each other. They had food, and they had the bounty of the land. They had elders to help teach the young people in the village the true meaning of sub-sistence living. James’s mother, Emma, hunted and fished to feed the family, and she and James’s uncle taught James how to be a conservationist, only taking enough fish and wild game to survive and en-suring enough was left for other vil-lagers—lessons he has passed on to the younger generations of Alaskans, year after year. James met his wife Nancy 50 years ago. She lived in another village. He met her when he was out trapping for food. He said: 
I walked 52 miles and found my wife at the end of my trapline. It was my best catch [ever]. 
James’s accomplishments are legion. He spent 22 years in the Alaska Na-tional Guard, like so many Alaskan Natives who serve at higher rates in the U.S. military than any other eth-nic group in the country. He has served on the Federal Subsistence Regional Advisory Council, the Fish and Game Advisory Council, and the Kuskokwim River Salmon Management Working Group. James travels all around our great State, attending different meetings and testifying at the Board of Fish and Game. He has dedicated his life to fish and wildlife conservation so he can set an example for Alaskans today and fu-ture generations, including his own family. He has 5 children, 15 grandchildren, and 12 great-grandchildren. He is so committed to keeping the culture and tradition alive that none of his kids or great grandkids are allowed into his house unless they are able to speak Yupik, the traditional language of his people. For all his work to help continue a vital tradition of subsistence and con-servation in Alaska, James was award-ed the conservationist of the year award by the Fish and Wildlife Service this past summer, which he accepted at this year’s Alaska Federation of Na-tives Convention. For his work, James is our Alaskan of the Week. Thank you, James, for all you have done for the great State of Alaska. 
TRIBUTE TO ALEX SCHENCK  
Mr. President, I wish to say a few words about one of the members of my staff, who happens to be on the floor with me right now. Alex Schenck, un-fortunately for me, is leaving my office on January 5 to pursue another oppor-tunity in Washington, DC. Alex has been in my office since 2015. He has been a legislative correspondent and rose to be a legislative aide where he oversaw issues related to my work on both the Environment and Public Works Committee and the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Com-mittee. Most notably and importantly for this body and, I believe, for the en-tire country, Alex was the key member of my staff who drafted S. 756, the Save Our Seas Act, the SOS Act, an impor-tant bipartisan piece of legislation we worked on with Senator WHITEHOUSE  and others. It passed the Senate last year. This legislation, which is awaiting movement in the House, will address a very important issue not only for Alas-ka but for the entire country, which is the epidemic of marine debris affecting our oceans, our shorelines, inland wa-terways, coasts across the globe, fish and wildlife habitat, and the health and sustainability of our fisheries. What Alex was able to do in terms of this bill is very impressive. He brought together an impressive coalition of in-dustry and conservation groups to sup-port the bill. In addition to working on that important legislation—which we are hopeful will move in the House and get signed by the President—Alex ran point on hearings that I chaired at the Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard. He has a bachelor of science degree from High Point University in North Carolina and a master’s degree in ap-plied political science from American University. He is an avid outdoorsman, as you can probably tell. He is a good- natured and extremely hard-working member of my team. He will be sorely missed. We wish him the very best. Thank you, Alex. I yield the floor I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO KELLY FLYNN ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Montana Representative Kelly Flynn of Broadwater County for his service to the State of Montana. Kelly is currently serving his fourth term in the Montana State Legislature. He continues to serve with an unyielding commitment to his constituents and the well-being of the State, while also fighting cancer. This past November, Kelly made the motion to adjourn the legislative special session, concluding, ‘‘Cancer may take my body but it will never take my heart and soul.’’ Kelly’s heart and soul are Montana through and through. Kelly is a ranch-er and outfitter who serves as chair-man of the Montana House of Rep-resentatives Fish, Wildlife, and Parks Committee. He has also served on the Governor’s Council for Private Lands and Public Wildlife and the Montana Board of Outfitters and is currently serving as a member of the Broadwater County Farm Bureau. Montana has benefited greatly from his decades of service. Kelly has been a friend of mine for years. His work ethic is exceptional, and he is the best master of ceremonies in Broadwater County. His commit-ment to others represents the heart and soul of Montana.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO JUNE RYCHALSKI ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week, I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing June Rychalski for her service with the Montana Department of Mili-tary Affairs. She has served Montana with grace, diligence, a positive atti-tude, and genuine care for the people of the Treasure State. During her 35 years of service, June has been secretary to the senior Army adviser, administrative assistant to the adjutant general, and next month will complete her career with the Montana Veterans Affairs Division. June dem-onstrated compassion and profes-sionalism on a daily basis. Her ability to help a grieving family member navi-gate the challenges of veteran burial honors or steer a distressed veteran in the right direction to attain benefits is highly commendable. Her presence in the Montana Department of Military Affairs will be missed, but the mentorship she provided agency per-sonnel over the years will ensure that her legacy endures. To her coworkers, June was regarded as their greatest ad-vocate. When June retires, she plans to do what she has always done: continue to take good care of others. At age 83, June’s example is inspiring. Her work ethic, compassion, and commitment to excellence represent the best of Mon-tana values. Thank you, June, for your service. I wish you the best in retirement and ap-preciate all you have done for our State.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA JOHNSON ∑Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I wish to recognize the career of Barbara 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.029 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S45 January 4, 2018 
Johnson and to pay tribute to her hard work on behalf of the people of Min-nesota. As Hennepin County attorney, I had the pleasure of collaborating with Barb on a variety of local initiatives. She helped me get started when I was first elected, and I knew I could always count on her guidance and wisdom. Over 20 years of public service, she proved she was a natural leader moti-vated by compassion and the desire to help the people of her city. Whether as a council member or its president, Barb strove to give everyone in the Fourth District a voice in Min-neapolis. Before running for office, she served the community as a registered nurse. She often talked about how her experi-ence inspired her efforts to help the growing healthcare sector in Min-neapolis. Barb was deeply committed to our parks and served on the Metropolitan Parks and Open Space Commission for 18 years. She demonstrated that com-mitment by securing a 20-year deal to increase spending for our Minneapolis parks. Throughout her career, Barb played a critical role in improving the lives of the people of Minneapolis. She sup-ported local businesses and encouraged homeownership in her district and around Minneapolis. She also helped lift the wages of thousands of people across the city. I want to recognize all of Barb’s ac-complishments, but I am sure there are more to come. Her commitment to pub-lic service is steadfast, and I am con-fident she will keep giving back to our State. I can’t wait to see what she does next. I hope you will join me as I say thank you to Barbara Johnson for her 20 remarkable years of service to the city of Minneapolis, the State of Min-nesota, and the United States of Amer-ica.∑ 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 4667. An act making further supple-mental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, for disaster assist-ance for Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and calendar year 2017 wildfires, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following joint resolution was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as in-dicated: 
H.J. Res. 36. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Bureau of Land Management relating to ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conservation’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on December 27, 2017, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1766. A bill to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3833. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Board of Actuaries, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2017 Report of the Department of Defense Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund (MERHCF); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3834. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Certificate of Release or Dis-charge from Active Duty (DD Form 214/5 Se-ries)’’ (RIN0790–AJ88) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–3835. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: New Qualifying Country - Latvia’’ ((RIN0750–AJ47) (DFARS Case 2017–0020)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3836. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense (Special Op-erations/Low-Intensity Conflict), transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the fiscal year 2017 an-nual report on the Regional Defense Com-bating Terrorism Fellowship Program; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3837. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Trade Agreements Thresholds’’ ((RIN0750–AJ65) (DFARS Case 2018–D001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3838. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regu-latory Capital Rules: Retention of Certain Existing Transition Provisions for Banking Organizations That Are Not Subject to the Advanced Approaches Capital Rules’’ (RIN7100–AE83) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 15, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3839. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (New Jersey: Beverly, City of, Burlington County, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2017–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 21, 2017; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3840. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Amine salty of styrene acrylic poly-mer, ammonium salt: Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9970–89) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–3841. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Worker Safety and Health Program’’ (RIN1992–AA55) received in the Office of the President of Senate on De-cember 21, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–3842. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Finding of Failure to Submit a Sec-tion 110 State Implementation Plan for Interstate Transport for the 2012 Annual Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards for Fine Particles; Massachusetts’’ (FRL No. 9972–39–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–3843. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Reasonably Avail-able Control Technology for Volatile Organic Compound Emissions in the Dallas-Fort Worth Ozone Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9972–00–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–3844. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions; Anti-Idling Regulations’’ (FRL No. 9972–49–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–3845. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Louisiana; Regional Haze State Implementation Plan’’ (FRL No. 9971– 85–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–3846. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Arkansas; Revisions to the Definitions for Arkansas Plan of Implemen-tation for Air Pollution Control: Volatile Or-ganic Compounds’’ (FRL No. 9971–86–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3847. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; 2017 Revisions to NR 400 and 406; Withdrawal of Direct Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9972–32–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3848. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.022 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES46 January 4, 2018 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Regional Haze Five-Year Progress Report State Imple-mentation Plan’’ (FRL No. 9972–34–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3849. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Volatile Organic Compounds Definition; Withdrawal of Direct Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9972–33–Re-gion 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3850. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, notification of his intent to end the suspension of Argentina’s designa-tion as a beneficiary developing country under the Generalized System of Preferences program; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3851. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to United States Citizens Detained by Iran; to the Commit-tees on Finance; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; and Foreign Relations. EC–3852. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Medicare Part B Month-ly Actuarial Rates, Premium Rates , and An-nual Deductible Beginning January 1, 2018’’ ((RIN0938–AS72) (CMS–8067-N)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–3853. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; CY 2018 Inpatient Hos-pital Deductible and Hospital and Extended Care Services Coinsurance Amounts’’ ((RIN0938–AT05) (CMS–8065-N)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–3854. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Procedure 2018–3’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–3) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 21, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3855. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2018 Standard Mile-age Rates’’ (Notice 2018–3) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 21, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3856. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Loss Safe Harbor and Hurricanes Harvey and Irma Cost-Index’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–8 and Rev. Proc. 2018–9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–3857. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of 5.56mm upper receiver as-semblies, barrel assemblies, and accessories to the United Arab Emirates in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–028); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–3858. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of rifles and accessories to Bahrain in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 16–072); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–3859. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), transmit-ting, pursuant to law, nine (9) reports rel-ative to vacancies in the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–3860. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Government Na-tional Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae) management report for the fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3861. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General and the Management Response for the period from April 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3862. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Strategic Planning and Management, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2016 in-ventory of commercial and inherently gov-ernmental activities; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–3863. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Secretary of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 21, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–3864. A communication from the Solic-itor General, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an opinion of the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit (United States v. Slatten); to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–3865. A communication from the Chair-man, Federal Election Commission, trans-mitting proposed legislation; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 2276. A bill to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. FLAKE: S. 2277. A bill to require the delisting of Mexican gray wolves under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 on a determination that the subspecies has been sufficiently recov-ered in the United States; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Ms. HEITKAMP , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. G
RASSLEY , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): S. 2278. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. 2279. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to establish a competitive grant program to repair, improve, rehabilitate, or replace bridges to improve the safety, effi-ciency, and reliability of the movement of people and freight over bridge crossings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 2280. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs permits the display of Battle-field Crosses in national cemeteries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 2281. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the in-dividual tax rates in effect for taxable years 2018 through 2025; to the Committee on Fi-nance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mrs. F ISCH-
ER, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. Res. 367. A resolution condemning the Government of Iran for its violence against demonstrators and calling for peaceful reso-lution to the concerns of the citizens of Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. J
OHNSON ): S. Res. 368. A resolution supporting the right of all Iranian citizens to have their voices heard; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 338 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 338, a bill to protect scientific in-tegrity in Federal research and policy-making, and for other purposes. 
S. 1357 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1357, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide a stand-ard definition of therapeutic family care services in Medicaid. 
S. 1674 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1674, a bill to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JA6.007 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S47 January 4, 2018 
provide grants for the repair, renova-tion, and construction of public ele-mentary schools and secondary schools, to establish a school infra-structure bond program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. 1764 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1764, a bill to extend the principle of federalism to State drug policy, provide access to medical mari-juana, and enable research into the me-dicinal properties of marijuana. 
S. 1911 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1911, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 2203 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2203, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to arbitration. 
S. RES. 363 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 363, a resolution expressing pro-found concern about the growing polit-ical, humanitarian, and economic cri-sis in Venezuela and the widespread human rights abuses perpetrated by the Government of Venezuela. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 367—CON-DEMNING THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN FOR ITS VIOLENCE AGAINST DEMONSTRATORS AND CALLING FOR PEACEFUL RESO-LUTION TO THE CONCERNS OF THE CITIZENS OF IRAN Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 367 Whereas on December 28, 2017, citizens began protesting the Government of Iran across the country in the cities and towns of Dorud, Khomaini Shahr, Najafabad, Qahdarijan, Tehran, and Tuyserkan; Whereas so far 20 people have been killed and 450 have been arrested since demonstra-tions first began; Whereas the United States is committed to promoting universal human rights, specifi-cally freedom of speech and freedom of as-sembly; Whereas the Government of Iran has pro-vided monetary support to terrorist organi-zations such as Hezbollah and Hamas; and Whereas the citizens of Iran deserve the support of the international community in their pursuit of a democratic government that respects human rights and freedoms: Now, therefore be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the Government of Iran— (A) for its funding of terrorist organiza-tions and activities; (B) the continued oppression of its citizens; and (C) the suppression of communication through interference with internet applica-tions such as Instagram, Facebook, Tele-gram and Twitter; and (2) reaffirms— (A) the commitment of the United States to preserving and promoting the freedoms of speech and assembly as universal rights; and (B) the support of the United States for the citizens of Iran to establish a freely elected, democratic system. f SENATE RESOLUTION 368—SUP-PORTING THE RIGHT OF ALL IRANIAN CITIZENS TO HAVE THEIR VOICES HEARD Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. J
OHNSON ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 368 Whereas, on December 28, 2017, Iranian citizens initiated protests objecting to the system of entrenched corruption and impov-erishment in Iran, as well as the Government of Iran’s foreign policy of supporting ter-rorism; Whereas these protests began in the city of Mashhad and rapidly spread throughout urban and rural populations across Iran; Whereas these protests constitute the most significant anti-government protests in Iran since June 2009; Whereas reports indicate that Iranian citi-zens have expressed numerous economic grievances, including the regime’s wide-spread corruption and investment of re-sources in regional conflicts; Whereas reports indicate that many hun-dreds of Iranians have been arrested and doz-ens killed in connection with the protests; Whereas the Government of Iran has shut down mobile internet access and is working to block access to social media applications used to organize and publicize the protests; Whereas online social networking and in-formation sharing sites such as Telegram, Instagram, and Twitter have been blocked; Whereas the Government of Iran has rou-tinely violated the human rights of its citi-zens, including ongoing, systematic, and se-rious restrictions of freedom of peaceful as-sembly and association and freedom of opin-ion and expression, including the continuing closures of media outlets, arrests of journal-ists, and the censorship of expression in on-line forums such as blogs and websites; Whereas the 2016 Department of State Human Rights Report on Iran noted ‘‘severe restrictions on civil liberties, including the freedoms of assembly, association, speech, religion, and press. Other human rights prob-lems included abuse of due process combined with use of capital punishment for crimes that do not meet the requirements of due process, as well as cruel, inhuman, or degrad-ing treatment or punishment; and disregard for the physical integrity of persons, whom authorities arbitrarily and unlawfully de-tained, tortured, or killed.’’; Whereas the Government of Iran has pre-viously responded to protests with a con-certed campaign of intimidation, repression, and violence, including human rights abuses against Iranian citizens; Whereas the Government of Iran continues to operate with hostility and impunity to-ward journalists, reformers, ethnic and reli-gious minorities, political opponents, human rights defenders, women’s rights groups, stu-dent activists, and others, including through unlawful and arbitrary detentions, arrests, politically motivated sentencing, physical assaults, and killings; and Whereas, on December 29, 2017, the Depart-ment of State strongly condemned the arrest of peaceful protesters and noted, ‘‘Iran’s leaders have turned a wealthy country with a rich history and culture into an economi-cally depleted rogue state whose chief ex-ports are violence, bloodshed, and chaos.’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the right of all Iranian citi-zens, many of whom braved the persistent and pervasive threat of censorship, arrest, physical harassment, and death, to have their voices heard; (2) calls on the Government of Iran to re-spect the rights of the people of Iran to free-dom of speech, press, religion, association, and assembly; (3) condemns the Government of Iran’s per-sistent human rights violations; (4) warns the Government of Iran against any violence or retribution targeting peace-ful protestors; (5) objects to acts of censorship, intimida-tion, and other restrictions on freedom of the press, freedom of speech, and freedom of expression in Iran; (6) encourages the President, the Secretary of State, and the United States Ambassador to the United Nations to work to convene emergency sessions of the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations Human Rights Council to condemn the ongo-ing human rights violations perpetrated by the Government of Iran and establish a mon-itoring mechanism by which the Council can monitor such violations; (7) calls on the Government of Iran to co-operate with and allow visits of the United Nations Special Rapporteurs for Human Rights and the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights; and (8) urges the President and Secretary of State to work with the international com-munity to ensure that violations of human rights are part of all formal and informal multilateral or bilateral discussions with and regarding Iran. f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, January 8; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Campbell nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04JA6.005 S04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES48 January 4, 2018 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 2018, AT 3 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:39 p.m., adjourned until Monday, January 8, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jan 04, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04JA6.031 S04JAPT1
D7 Thursday, January 4, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S27–S48 Measures Introduced: Six bills and two resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2276–2281, and S. Res. 367–368.
                                                                 Page S46 
Counts Nomination: Senate continued consider-ation of the nomination of Walter David Counts III, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas.
                Pages S29–35, S35–44 
Campbell Nomination—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, January 8, 2018, Senate resume consideration of the nomination of William L. Campbell, Jr., of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee.
                                                                    Page S47 
Measures Referred:                                                     Page S45 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:        Pages S28, S45 Enrolled Bills Presented:                                        Page S45 
Executive Communications:                         Pages S45–46 
Additional Cosponsors:                                    Pages S46–47 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                                Page S47 
Additional Statements:                                     Pages S44–45 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 11 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:39 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, Janu-ary 8, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S47.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 12 noon on Friday, January 5, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 2018 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jan 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04JA8.REC D04JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD8 January 4, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, January 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of William L. Campbell, Jr., of Ten-nessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Friday, January 5 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 12 noon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jan 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D04JA8.REC D04JAPT1