Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1509 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 2018 No. 44 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, March 13, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ANIEL M. D
ONOVAN , Jr. to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
HIGHER EDUCATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, al-most exactly a year ago, when the Trump administration came into office and the new Republican majority again elected its leaders, they promised to focus on the forgotten American, the middle class families that have been left behind, according to the speeches that were given at that time. Well, there is no issue which I think resonates more powerfully with middle class families than the unrelenting rise in the cost of college and higher edu-cation. Again, the numbers surround us: $1.3 trillion in student loan debt, according to the Federal Reserve Board. Just a few weeks ago, some colleges and universities, the real flagships of our Nation, the Harvards, the Yales, announced that tuition, room and board now will exceed $70,000 a year. Again, not every college charges that much, but, unfortunately, if you look historically, as those colleges and uni-versities surpass these unfortunate milestones, most colleges follow right in the wake. We need action and we need change in terms of making sure that that tick-et to success, whether it is in science, technology, engineering, and math, for young Americans is actually going to exist, and this Congress has neglected and failed to move forward. Just within the last month, what we have seen is the following. The IRS just issued their follow-up rules to the Republican tax bill, which clarifies that families can no longer deduct home equity loans to pay for college. So for a family who has diligently paid their mortgages, whose kid has been accepted to a college and university, who doesn’t qualify for Pell grants, who has exhausted their Stafford loans, because those are capped, and who wants to actually use the equity in their house to help pay for college, they can no longer deduct the interest on those payments. I am very much thankful to the Re-publican tax bill, which, again, took great care of people who earn over $400,000, whose top marginal rates were drastically cut, or corporations whose rates were drastically cut; but middle class families are, again, now being asked to bear a higher cost for college by cutting off that avenue that, again, millions of families have used over the years in terms of using their home’s equity. In addition, the Secretary of Edu-cation, Betsy DeVos—400 days in office and she has never stepped foot in the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee, which I sit on—last Friday, issued a rule that basically preempted the ability of States attorneys general to issue rules and regulations to pro-tect students and families from unscru-pulous loan servicers. Again, our offices get flooded with calls with frustrated students who graduated and, again, have loan servicers who lose documents, who lose payments. And, again, what was hap-pening at the State level, both Repub-licans and Democratic attorneys gen-eral were putting into place rules and regulations to protect those people caught in these predicaments. On Friday, the Secretary of Edu-cation, a Republican, who supposedly believes in States’ rights, told those States that they will be issuing rules preempting States from protecting those people caught in these situa-tions. Unbelievable. Lastly, last week, the Office of In-spector General, which is a nonpartisan arm of government—its job is to look at government negligence and malfea-sance and problems—issued a warning that the Republican higher education bill, which was reported out in Decem-ber, the misnamed PROSPER Act, will, again, lift all the regulations on for- profit colleges, which, again, take ad-vantage of students, overpromising skills and degrees that turn out to be worthless at the end. Again, we know about ITT Tech, Corinthian Colleges, which was shut down by the last ad-ministration because of the outrageous practices that they were involved in. The PROSPER Act basically lifts all of those controls that the Department has over them, and it is open season in terms of students who are going to be subject to that kind of environment. By the way, the group that is prob-ably the most vulnerable are veterans, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR7.000 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1510 March 13, 2018 
because their GI Bill is so rich in bene-fits, those are the ones that for-profit colleges target. Why do I know that? Holly Petraeus, General David Petraeus’s wife, who was in charge of warning veterans about these problems a couple of years ago—again, the term that she uses is that for-profit colleges see servicemembers as nothing more than dollar signs in uniforms—again, has warned us that this sector of the higher education community needs more scrutiny in terms of making sure that there is real gainful employment for people who go through these col-leges, and to make sure that those col-leges actually do not siphon off pre-cious GI Bill dollars, Pell dollars and Stafford loans. It is time for this Congress to wake up and respond to what was one of the most powerful issues in 2016 about the cost of colleges drowning middle class families. But just again in the last month, we have seen this Republican administration and this Congress go in exactly the opposite direction. We need better. 
f 
REMEMBERING GRADY ‘‘BUBBER’’ BROWN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, Grady ‘‘Bubber’’ Brown passed away on Feb-ruary 10, 2018, in Lake Providence, Louisiana. Born on March 8, 1934, he was the son of the late William Dennis Brown, Jr., and Martha Wyly Brown. During college at the age of 19, he and his younger brother, Philip, were given 48 acres of land to farm rice on during their summer break. That year, they made a $800 profit and imme-diately spent it on an airplane. Buzzy Tomlinson had a plane for sale, and they bought it with the agree-ment that he would teach them to fly, and he did. He gave them about 5 hours of instructions and sent them on their way. They landed on their own front yard, as proud as they could be to show their parents the new purchase. Steve Guenard did give them official flight lessons, and both received their pilot’s license. After graduation from LSU, Bubber joined the Naval Aviation Officer Can-didate School. He spent the next 4 years flying F–J3s, F–J4s, Chance Vought F8U–1s, and F8U–2s. He had two Mediterranean tours, one North American tour, and he had a 3- month tour off the coast of Cuba. He made over 400 carrier landings, both day and night, during his time in service. His father died in 1961, so he decided to resign his regular commission and return to manage the family Panola farm. In 1966, his cousin, Brenda Brown, came home from college with her roommate, Jennie Lou Ropp. Bubber and Jennie Lou were married a year later, and they have three children today: Grady, Jr.; Glen; and Katie. He was always involved with the chil-dren’s activities. He was president of St. Patrick’s school board for 12 years, baseball coach, flight instructor, hunt-ing guide, and more and more. He not only taught both of his sons to fly, but his nephew, too; and he was very proud of them. Bubber was an entrepreneur. He was the first farmer in the area to utilize second growth farming. He always came up with new projects. In 1983, Bubber decided to start a new business, Panola Pepper Corporation, making his mother’s recipe for her fa-mous hot sauce. The idea was to em-ploy his farm workers during the win-ter season. Creating jobs was his pas-sion, and it was his specialty in the Lake Providence, Louisiana, area. Bubber was on many councils and committees, and received numerous awards. He served on the Louisiana Rice Council for many years and was actively involved in the LSU Rice Re-search Station. He was the lifelong member of St. Patrick’s Catholic Church, where he was on the church building committee, parish council, finance council, and an active member of the Knights of Co-lumbus. He was also a lecture, usher, and Eu-charistic minister. In 2003, he received the Louisiana Small Business Award. In 2005, he was asked by Governor Blanco to travel to Cuba with her dele-gation to promote Louisiana agri-culture. Bubber had seven grandchildren: Wyly Brown, Lauren Brown, Emma Brown, Carter Coullard, Will Brown, Ben Coullard, and Andrew Brown. He loved his grandchildren and was very proud of every one of them. Bubber’s legacy is that he taught his family how to be good Christians. He taught them all about goodness, kind-ness, patience, peace, hospitality, gen-erosity, joy, faithfulness, self-control, and, most of all, love. Bubber was the epitome of the South-ern gentleman. He will be sorely missed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DREW SCOTT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, my office is now accepting artwork for the 2018 Congressional Art Competition. Each spring, the Congressional Insti-tute sponsors a nationwide high school visual arts competition to recognize ar-tistic talent in the Nation and in each congressional district. In 2017, the winning entry was drawn by Drew Scott from Rockport-Fulton High School. Her piece, ‘‘Complemen-tary Calico,’’ along with the other 2017 winning entries from other congres-sional districts, currently hang in the Cannon tunnel, the walkway that con-nects the U.S. Capitol to the House of-fice buildings. The Congressional Art Competition is a great way to encourage artistic abilities and reward talented students for their efforts and gives them an op-portunity to compete. Since the competition began in 1982, more than 6,500 high school students have participated. Students from the district I rep-resent, the 27th District of Texas, who wish to participate in this competition may submit up to two pieces of art-work to my office by Friday, April 6, 2018, in order to be considered. I wish all the talented high schoolers of the 27th District of Texas the best of luck. RECOGNIZING JOYCE HUNSAKER  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Joyce Hunsaker, a 17-year-old from Corpus Christi, who recently won a bronze medal in the International Bunker Trap at the World Shotgun Champion-ship in Moscow. Joyce has been named a member of the elite 4-person Texas State National 4–H shotgun team. In June of last year, her teammates and her competed in the National Championships in Grand Island, Nebraska, where they took home first place in team skeet shoot-ing and sporting clays, third in trap, and earned the title of National Cham-pions for 2017. Joyce also competed and won the Junior Women’s gold medal in the 2017 State Junior Olympics international bunker trap competition last year. Joyce then advanced to the 2017 Na-tional Junior Olympic Championships in Colorado Springs, where she took home a bronze medal in the Junior Women’s International Bunker Trap event and was selected to represent the United States as a member of the 2017 Junior World Cup Team. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Joyce on all her hard work and success that she is enjoying as a result of it. Keep up the good work. 
f 
GUNS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I want to share the words of Geneva Cunningham. She is 15 years old. She is a ninth grader from the Hopkins Gram-mar School in New Haven, Con-necticut. Geneva witnessed the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre when she was only in the fourth grade. Geneva’s father gave me her poem in the wake of the Parkland, Florida, school shooting, though Geneva wrote it just a few days before the shooting occurred. This is what she wrote: 
Pure; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.002 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1511 March 13, 2018 
A mother called her child Kissing his forehead On his way to school. For the boy It was a normal day Until the darkness came And swept the light away. We did not ask for this. We did not ask to hear gunshots In slamming doors and dropping books. We did not ask To witness the murders Of the children We played with at recess. We did not know That our teacher Had taught us our final lesson. And we believed her When she said The red spilling from her foot Was only paint. Sweet ignorance The honey in our poisoned tea The salt we mistook for sugar. But where do we draw the line? Between knowledge and ignorance When do we know to cover our eyes When the darkness Begins to swallow us whole. We united this country By stating ‘‘We are one.’’ And on that principle Our Forefathers said You may ‘‘bear arms’’ to fight against them. You may defend Against them. 
b1215 
But who is this ‘‘them’’? If we are one Who are we fighting against? If we are one Then who are we defending? If we are taking lives to begin with Because killing is still killing. The number of lives lost Is no victory On our own soil Or on any soil. We say we are equals. So who gets the power To decide Who lives and who dies? Because by giving open access to these weap-ons We are giving power To trembling hands. And these hands Were the ones to take the life of the little boy The day he was learning How to read. These machines were not designed for play. They were designed to kill. If we use them on the battlefield If they can take a life Then they are not worth it. Because I promise you A life is worth more Than any machine Used for fun. Yet we bear these weapons. We claim that we enjoy The crack At the end of the rifle. Yeah, it may seem fun On the other side. But what if You are on the opposite end? Begging Pleading Crying out For your life. For the lives of your friends For the lives of your classmates For the life of your teacher. We must be sure Whose fingers we can trust On the trigger Because that choice May determine Your life The lives of your friends The lives of your family And the lives of those you love. Mr. Speaker, this is the voice of a child who has witnessed murder. How have we allowed this to become normal in America? Geneva’s poem is beautiful, and she never should have had to write it. But this is the world that we live in: a world where NRA dollars drive deci-sions, sales for bulletproof backpacks are soaring, and 14-year-olds have seen their teachers and their friends die at school. We must ban assault weapons. They have no place in our society. And we must ban high-capacity magazines. We need to hold gun manufacturers ac-countable for crimes committed with their guns and end the de facto ban on gun research. These are commonsense reforms. As Marjory Stoneman Douglas stu-dent Emma Gonzalez said so pointedly: ‘‘We are going to be the kids you read about in textbooks, not because we are going to be another statistic about mass shooting in America, but because . . . we are going to be the last mass shooting.’’ I pray that she is right. But it is Con-gress that needs to provide more than thoughts and prayers for a change. We must take action. That is our moral re-sponsibility. 
f 
TARIFFS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, the year 1776 marked a turning point not only in American history, but in human history. While brave patriots here in America were affirming their right to equal representation and, ulti-mately, revolution, a Scottish philoso-pher named Adam Smith was revolu-tionizing the way we think about eco-nomics. ‘‘The Wealth of Nations’’ was the book he wrote where he extolled the virtues of free markets and free trade, showing how all benefit from robust competition and an open marketplace. Mr. Speaker, because of tax cuts and regulatory reform, returning to freer markets in this country, we have this economy off high center and growing at a rate we haven’t seen in over a dec-ade. While some of my friends across the aisle would like to dispute this, the results speak for themselves. Just last month our economy added over 300,000 new jobs and over 800,000 people joined the labor force, the larg-est 1-month jump in over 30 years. Mr. Speaker, people are looking for work, and they are finding work. With the stock market, business, consumer confidence, and the labor participation rate at all-time highs and the unemployment at a 50-year low, the last thing that we need and want to do is impose a new kind of government intervention to diminish the great eco-nomic progress we have made. I am concerned, Mr. Speaker, that these tariffs that the White House and others have talked about, if not appro-priately targeted, could do this and could have unintended, negative con-sequences on the American economy, on American consumers, and on hard-working American families. The Texas delegation has a unique stake in this issue. For 16 consecutive years, Texas has been the top exporting State in the country with over $264 bil-lion in exports for 2017. So trade policy has a significant impact on our con-stituents. That is why last week my colleagues and I sent a letter authored by Ways and Means Chairman KEVIN B
RADY to the President urging him to take a more measured and surgical ap-proach in imposing tariffs. And I am glad it looks like that the White House and the President have heard and have heeded our pleas. I believe in free trade, Mr. Speaker. I believe in open global markets. And it has improved standard of living for ev-eryone. However, free trade only works if everybody plays by the same rules; that is, free trade and fair trade go hand in hand. For years, China has been gaming the system by dumping their product, infringing on our intel-lectual property rights, manipulating their currency, and circumventing trade agreements for years. President Trump was right to call them out. He was right to hold them accountable. I am confident that we can work with the White House so that tariffs ensure fair competition and pro-tect our national security interests while also making sure we don’t harm consumers here at home. 
f 
HONORING THE TOP 10 FEMALE HIP-HOP COLLABORATIONS OF ALL TIME The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, throughout the years, artists such as Elvis Presley, Frank Sinatra, and Bruce Springsteen have been recog-nized on the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives. Today I rise to honor the top 10 fe-male MC hip-hop collaborations of all time. Number 10: Eve, ‘‘My Chick Bad remix.’’ Number 9: Monie Love, ‘‘My Buddy.’’ Number 8: Missy Elliott, ‘‘Hot Boyz remix.’’ Number 7: Remy Ma, ‘‘Ante Up remix.’’ Number 6: Lauryn Hill, ‘‘Ready or Not.’’ Number 5: Nicki Minaj, ‘‘Up All Night.’’ Number 4: Da Brat, ‘‘Da B Side.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.004 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1512 March 13, 2018 
Number 3: Lady of Rage, ‘‘G Funk Intro.’’ Number 2: Fox Boogie Brown, ‘‘Ain’t No.’’ Number 1: Representing BK to the fullest, Lil’ Kim, ‘‘Quiet Storm remix.’’ These extraordinary MCs, along with legendary pioneers such as Queen Latifah, MC Lyte, and Salt-N-Pepa, shattered hip-hop’s glass ceiling with their skill, talent, and lyrical ability. As we celebrate Women’s History Month here in the United States Con-gress, these dynamic women are wor-thy to be praised. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 25 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. A
DERHOLT ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear Lord, we give You thanks for giving us another day. At the beginning of the week, we use this moment to be reminded of Your presence and to tap the resources need-ed by the Members of this House to do their work as well as it can be done. May they be led by Your Spirit in the decisions they make. May their faith in You deliver them from any tensions that might tear the people’s House apart and from worries that might wear them out. All this day, and through the week, may they do their best to find solu-tions to pressing issues facing our Na-tion. Please hasten the day when jus-tice and love shall dwell in the hearts of all peoples and rule the affairs of the nations of Earth. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
HONORING GIRL SCOUTS ON ITS 106TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Girl Scouts of the USA as it celebrates its 106th birthday. I know firsthand the positive impact that Scouting can have on the life of a young person. I have been actively in-volved with the Boy Scouts of America my whole life. On March 12, 1912, Juliette Gordon Low founded the first Girl Scout troop with just 18 girls. Over a century later, more than 50 million American women are Girl Scout alums, and the Girl Scout program reaches 2.6 million members. Girl Scouts helps girls lead in their own lives and communities. It also po-sitions them to become tomorrow’s leaders in our country and the world by encouraging them to dream big and work hard to achieve their goals. Girl Scouts is committed to ensuring all girls develop to their full potential. This week, as we celebrate Girl Scouts’ 106th birthday, I applaud the Girl Scout councils that serve girls in my community for building evermore girls of courage, confidence, and char-acter. 
f 
HONORING INDIANA STATE SENATOR DAVID LONG (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, the 2018 session of the Indi-ana General Assembly will draw to a close, and with it, so will the career of one of the Hoosier State’s most distin-guished legislators. Senate President Pro Tempore Sen-ator David Long recently announced that, after 22 years of public service, he will retire later this year. Under his transformational leadership, our State enacted sweeping education reforms, balanced the budget, delivered historic tax cuts, advanced the cause of life, and passed right-to-work legislation. Senator Long played a pivotal role in our State’s progress over the last dec-ade and a half, and his impact in Indi-ana will be felt for generations to come. My wife, Amanda, and I both had the honor of serving with David in the State Senate, and we are proud to call him a mentor and friend. During my time at the statehouse, I learned so much from Senator Long; and in my work here in the Congress, I am con-stantly reminded of lessons I learned from him when we served together. Hoosiers deeply appreciate Senator Long’s incredible record of accomplish-ment during his time in office. I wish him; his wife, Melissa; and his family the very best in the years to come. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 9, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 9, 2018, at 9:47 a.m.: That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 1177. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM LEGISLA-TIVE DIRECTOR, THE HONOR-ABLE JODY B. HICE OF GEORGIA, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from Timothy Reitz, Legisla-tive Director, the Honorable J
ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia, Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 13, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with a subpoena for testimony in a criminal trial issued by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. After consultation with the Office of Gen-eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, T
IMOTHY REITZ, Legislative Director. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:45 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 5 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1644 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 4 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.006 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1513 March 13, 2018 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
STATE VETERANS HOME ADULT DAY HEALTH CARE IMPROVE-MENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 324) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 324 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State Vet-erans Home Adult Day Health Care Improve-ment Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PROVISION OF CERTAIN ADULT DAY HEALTH CARE SERVICES FOR VET-ERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1745 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d)(1) The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with each State home for pay-ment by the Secretary for medical super-vision model adult day health care provided to a veteran described in subsection (a)(1) on whose behalf the State home is not in receipt of payment for nursing home care from the Secretary. ‘‘(2)(A) Payment under each agreement be-tween the Secretary and a State home under paragraph (1) for each veteran who receives medical supervision model adult day health care under such agreement shall be made at a rate established through regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary to adequately reim-burse the State home for the care provided by the State home, including necessary transportation expenses. ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall consult with the State homes in prescribing regulations under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) The rate established through regula-tions under subparagraph (A) shall not take effect until the date that is 30 days after the date on which those regulations are pub-lished in the Federal Register. ‘‘(3) Payment by the Secretary under para-graph (1) to a State home for medical super-vision model adult day health care provided to a veteran described in that paragraph con-stitutes payment in full to the State home for such care furnished to that veteran. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘medical supervision model adult day health care’ means adult day health care that includes the coordination of physician services, den-tal services, nursing services, the adminis-tration of drugs, and such other require-ments as determined appropriate by the Sec-retary.’’; and (2) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ , adult day health care,’’ after ‘‘home care’’. (b) I
NITIAL RATE.—Before the Secretary of Veterans Affairs establishes a payment rate under subsection (d)(2)(A) of section 1745 of such title, as added by subsection (a), the Secretary shall pay to a State home that has entered into an agreement with the Sec-retary for medical supervision model adult day health care (as defined in subsection (d)(4) of such section) an amount equal to 65 percent of the rate the Secretary would pay under subsection (a)(2) of such section to the State home for nursing home care provided to the veteran. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 1745 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘1745. Nursing home care, adult day health care, and medications for vet-erans with service-connected disabilities.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, before I begin today, I would like to take a moment to express my deepest sympathies to those af-fected by last week’s tragedy in Yountville, California. I closely fol-lowed the situation. I am truly sad-dened by what has occurred. All three employees who lost their lives—Christine Loeber and Jennifer Golick from the Pathway Home and Jennifer Gonzales from the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs—were com-mitted to helping veterans struggling with difficulties like post-traumatic stress disorder and other mental prob-lems. As Secretary Shulkin said: ‘‘Caring for veterans and our employees serving them is always important. It is even more critical that we reach out to one another and provide support during painful times like these.’’ I think I can speak for myself and the rest of the members on the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs when I offer prayers and support during this incredibly difficult and challenging time for these families. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 324, the State Veterans Home Adult Day Health Care Improvement Act of 2017. It is imperative that we en-sure that VA is equipped with a variety of geriatric and long-term care pro-grams to best meet the individual needs and goals of the increasing num-ber of veterans who are reaching retire-ment age. Current law requires VA to cover the cost of nursing home care in a State Veterans Home for any veteran in need of such care due to a service-connected disability or with a service-connected disability rating of 70 percent or more. However, veterans are increasingly seeking opportunities to get additional care they need as they age while re-maining at home rather than in a nurs-ing care facility or other institutional setting. S. 324 would help those vet-erans by requiring VA to enter into an agreement or a contract with the State Veterans Home to pay for adult day healthcare for veterans who are eligi-ble but not receiving nursing home care. Adult day healthcare programs pro-vide companionship, peer support, recreation, certain healthcare services, case management assistance with ac-tivities of daily living, and more to veterans, and needed respite and relief to caregivers. What is more, adult day healthcare programs are a much less costly alternative to nursing home care, meaning that, with the enact-ment of this bill, we could grant vet-erans who desire to age at home the op-portunity to do so without sacrificing the care and support services they may need and save taxpayer dollars. S. 324, which is sponsored by Senator O
RRIN HATCH of Utah, is companion legislation to H.R. 1005, which is spon-sored by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) and passed the House with unanimous support earlier this year. I am grateful to both of them for their leadership on this issue, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in sup-porting S. 324. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Tennessee for his compassionate words on the tragic loss of three dedicated, selfless servants in care of our veterans. I very much ap-preciate that, and it is a challenging time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 324, the State Veterans Home Adult Day Health Care Improvement Act. I want to thank Senator H
ATCH for introducing this innovative and bipar-tisan bill. S. 324 directs the VA to enter into an agreement with each State home to pay for medical supervision model adult healthcare for a veteran for whom the home is not receiving VA nursing home payments. Ensuring that veterans have access to appropriate affordable geriatric and long-term care is becoming increas-ingly important. In 2017, approximately 9.8 million veterans, or 46 percent, were 65 years or older. In addition, VA’s own Enrollee Health Care Projection Model indicates a further demand on long-term care and support services is coming as the Vietnam-era cohort ages, with most having gone beyond age 75 by 2026. At present, VA is required to cover the cost of nursing home care in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.011 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1514 March 13, 2018 
State Veterans Home for any veteran in need of such care due to a service- connected disability or with a service- connected disability rated 70 percent or more. However, there is increasing de-mand for VA to offer geriatric and long-term programs for veterans in noninstitutional settings that would allow them to receive the services and support they need to remain in their homes—their preferred venue. Adult day healthcare programs pro-vide veterans in need of supportive services with companionship, peer sup-port, recreation, and certain healthcare services, while allowing them to stay and maintain their inde-pendence. In testimony before the Sub-committee on Health last year, the Na-tional Association of State Veterans Homes claimed that there are a num-ber of State homes across the country interested in providing medical model ADHC services; however, the current basic ADHC per diem paid to the State Veterans Home by the VA is not suffi-cient for most homes to cover the cost of this program. As a result, only 3 State Veterans Homes out of 153, na-tionwide, provide this program. This legislation would correct that imbalance, allowing veterans who would otherwise qualify for more cost-ly VA nursing home care the ability to stay in their home longer, at a reduced cost. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ), from the Upper Peninsula, chairman of the Sub-committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 324, the State Veterans Home Adult Day Health Care Improvement Act of 2017. This is very personal to me. My cous-in, a fellow Vietnam vet who served on the DMZ with the Army, is currently in need of and receiving some of that care for some serious health issues he has right now as a result of exposure to Agent Orange. The bill we are talking about here strikes a responsible balance by pro-moting access to necessary medical services for veterans, while also im-proving quality of life by allowing them to return home to their families each night. Adult day healthcare does more than just provide veterans with the medical care that they need; it also offers much-needed relief to their care-givers. Oftentimes, friends and family come together to help with the daily care that these veterans and their fam-ilies require. By giving veterans the opportunity to access medical care for up to 8 hours a day through a State veterans home, caregivers will have the opportunity to fulfill their personal responsibilities for themselves and their families. They can get on and get their life in order while still serving their veteran family member. These folks work day in and day out to provide unparalleled care, loving care to our most vulnerable veterans. S. 324 recognizes their selfless commit-ment and works to enhance their work- life balance so they can continue to serve veterans. In my district, folks deal with the circumstances of rural living every day. This often means limited access to resources and fewer options for receiv-ing the services they need. The D.J. Jacobetti Home for Vet-erans in Marquette is a perfect exam-ple of what can be achieved when Fed-eral resources are narrowly focused and responsibly applied. Jacobetti Home’s ability to create a family environment where veterans can receive the care they need while maintaining quality in their daily lives is a testament to what is possible when the Federal Govern-ment helps local institutions provide services for the people they know best. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of S. 324. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), the author of the bill on the House side and also an Iraq war veteran. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I am very excited to be here because I know just how many disabled veterans in our country are on wait lists for adult day healthcare and now will be getting a service that is just so important and overdue. I certainly want to thank Chairman R
OEand his great staff, the House Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, the ranking member and his team as well, every-body coming together working hard on behalf of our disabled veterans who need it most. I rise in support of S. 324. It is the Senate companion to my bill, H.R. 1005, which is a bill to provide adult day healthcare and save State Veterans Homes for veterans who are 70 percent or more service-connected disabled. This bill is an extension to the Vet-erans Benefits, Health Care, and Infor-mation Technology Act of 2006, which currently provides no-cost nursing home care at any State Veterans Home to veterans who are 70 percent or more service-connected disabled. Medical model adult day healthcare provides comprehensive medical nurs-ing and personal care services com-bined with engaging social activities for physically or cognitively impaired adults. Medical model adult day healthcare offers a complete array of rehabilitative therapies, including physical, occupational, and speech therapies, hospice and palliative care, social work, spiritual, nutritional counseling, and therapeutic recreation. The program is designed to promote socialization and stimulation and maximize the participant’s independ-ence, while enhancing their quality of life. The program is staffed by a great team of multidisciplinary healthcare professionals who evaluate each partic-ipant and customize an individualized plan of care specific to their health and social needs. Adult day healthcare is an alter-native care setting that can allow some veterans who require long-term care services to remain in their homes as opposed to being institutionalized in a nursing home. Such veterans typically require support from some, but not all, activities of assisted daily living— ADLs—such as bathing, dressing, or feeding. In many cases, the spouse or their family member may provide the vet-eran with much of their care, but they require additional support for some of the veteran’s ADLs. By filling these gaps, adult day healthcare can allow these veterans to remain in their homes and communities for additional months, or even years, and thereby lower the financial cost of caring for these heroes. Adult day healthcare also provides family caregivers support and relief to meet their other professional and fam-ily obligations and provides a well-de-served respite while their loved ones are participating in the program. In addition to thanking Chairman ROEfor his leadership and support on this important issue, I also want to thank Senator H
ATCH for carrying this effort in the Senate, as well as Fred Sganga and the Long Island State Vet-erans Home in Stony Brook for their great efforts. That is a State Veterans Home located in the First Congres-sional District of New York, one of three places currently offering adult day healthcare. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New York. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, this is a piece of legislation that will provide a valuable and necessary service to our Nation’s veterans, and I am urging my colleagues to support this common-sense, bipartisan legislation. What goes on too often unnoticed in this House is the great staff that we have to help make these efforts pos-sible. So, from the leadership team, I want to thank staff John Leganski and Kelly Dixon, and in my office, as legis-lative director, Kevin Dowling, and Matthew Scott. Thank you again to the great House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and we will all greatly miss Chairman R
OEas he departs. Hopefully, maybe we will get him to change his mind, but in the meantime, I will just say we enjoyed serving with him, and I hope that he won’t go anywhere for a very long time. He is a great leader for our vet-erans as well as being our ranking member. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, if the gen-tleman has no further speakers, I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Long Island—he clearly understands this issue—for his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.012 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1515 March 13, 2018 
passionate work on this, and we are grateful for it. I, too, would like to add my voice to this, to the chairman for once again proving to America that this Congress can work, that there are bipartisan so-lutions to issues that we care about in serving our constituents and our vet-erans and others. It is something that we are very proud of here. It doesn’t al-ways come easy, but his leadership somehow finds a way to bring us to the table. We get it done, and I am grateful for that. I urge my colleagues to join us in passing S. 324, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, unless Mr. Z
ELDIN has talked to my doctor and knows something I don’t know, I hope to be here next year. That is my plan. I appreciate the opportunity to work on this bill with him. He has been a great advocate, as the ranking member has been. This is a bill that is long overdue, much needed, and I give my strong support along with—I think I can speak for them—the entire Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. We voiced this. I encourage Members to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 324. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1700 ENDANGERED FISH RECOVERY PROGRAMS EXTENSION ACT OF 2017 Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4465) to maintain annual base funding for the Upper Colorado and San Juan fish recovery programs through fiscal year 2023, to require a report on the implementation of those programs, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4465 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Endangered Fish Recovery Programs Extension Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION TO USE UPPER COLORADO RIVER BASIN FUND REVENUES FOR ANNUAL BASE FUNDING OF FISH RECOVERY PRO-GRAMS; REMOVAL OF CERTAIN RE-PORTING REQUIREMENT. 
Section 3(d)(2) of Public Law 106–392 (114 Stat. 1604; 126 Stat. 2444) is amended— (1) in the fourth sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘; except that’’ and all that follows through ‘‘capital projects and moni-toring’’; and (2) by striking the fifth, sixth, and seventh sentences. SEC. 3. REPORT ON RECOVERY IMPLEMENTA-TION PROGRAMS. 
Section 3 of Public Law 106–392 (114 Stat. 1603; 126 Stat. 2444) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2021, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that— ‘‘(A) describes the accomplishments of the Recovery Implementation Programs; ‘‘(B) identifies— ‘‘(i) as of the date of the report, the listing status under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) of the Colorado pikeminnow, humpback chub, razorback sucker, and bonytail; and ‘‘(ii) as of September 30, 2023, the projected listing status under that Act of each of the species referred to in clause (i); ‘‘(C)(i) identifies— ‘‘(I) the total expenditures and the expend-itures by categories of activities by the Re-covery Implementation Programs during the period beginning on the date on which the applicable Recovery Implementation Pro-gram was established and ending on Sep-tember 30, 2021; and ‘‘(II) projected expenditures by the Recov-ery Implementation Programs during the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2021, and ending on September 30, 2023; ‘‘(ii) for purposes of the expenditures iden-tified under clause (i), includes a description of— ‘‘(I) any expenditures of appropriated funds; ‘‘(II) any power revenues; ‘‘(III) any contributions by the States, power customers, Tribes, water users, and environmental organizations; and ‘‘(IV) any other sources of funds for the Re-covery Implementation Programs; and ‘‘(D) describes— ‘‘(i) any activities to be carried out under the Recovery Implementation Program after September 30, 2023; and ‘‘(ii) the projected cost of the activities de-scribed under clause (i). ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary shall consult with the participants in the Recovery Implementation Programs in preparing the report under paragraph (1).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are consid-ering my bill, H.R. 4465, the Endan-gered Fish Recovery Programs Exten-sion Act of 2017. This bipartisan bill extends efforts to promote the dual goals of recovering certain fish species protected under the Endangered Species Act, while ensur-ing the continued reliability of water and power operations in the West. I would like to thank the Members of Congress, both Republican and Demo-crat, who have cosponsored my bill. I also appreciate the work of ROBBISHOP  as chairman of the House Natural Re-sources Committee and his help over the last several months to move my bill through the legislative process. I think it is also worth mentioning that we have received over 20 letters of support for this bill from a wide range of stakeholders, including water con-servation districts, Indian Tribes, con-servation organizations, State govern-ments, and more. With a total water storage capacity of more than 30 million acre-feet and a capacity to generate over 5 billion megawatt hours of energy annually, the Colorado River Storage Project, or CRSP, has been vital to the economics of the Upper Colorado and San Juan River Basin States of Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, Wyoming, and Arizona. Four fish species listed under the En-dangered Species Act also call the basin home, and the threat of water and power restrictions resulting from these listings prompted the affected States to enter into an agreement with Federal and non-Federal partners to ensure the continued reliability of the water and power operations in the West. These agreements resulted in the Upper Colorado River Endangered Fish Recovery Program and the San Juan River Basin Recovery Implementation Program. In 2000, Congress enacted leg-islation to establish Federal participa-tion and cost-sharing agreements, in-cluding the authority to use CRSP power revenues, to support these two programs. Congress reauthorized the programs in 2012, but also added necessary over-sight and accountability reforms to en-sure that funds are going towards re-covery. H.R. 4465 extends the use of CRSP power revenues through 2023, which aligns with the recovery deadline for these programs and does not require any new Federal spending of Ameri-cans’ hard-earned tax dollars. In addition, the bill extends the ex-isting transparency improvements and adds a report to highlight the pro-grams’ performance. This reauthoriza-tion is necessary to ensure that the more than 2,300 water and power projects in the five-State region can continue to operate in compliance with the Endangered Species Act. I am hopeful that at the conclusion of this reauthorization through 2023, these programs will have accomplished what they are seeking to achieve: the recovery and delisting of four endan-gered fish species. Mr. Speaker, I believe this bill is a great example of how Members of Con-gress can work across party lines to solve an issue facing their respective 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.014 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1516 March 13, 2018 
States. I look forward to working to-gether with my colleagues and solving other problems with a similar com-monsense and bipartisan approach. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in supporting this bipartisan legislation and urge its adoption by the House. H.R. 4465 extends the authorization through 2023 of the Upper Colorado River Endangered Fish Recovery Pro-gram and the San Juan River Basin Re-covery Implementation Program. These two multiagency partnerships bring together local, State, and Fed-eral agencies; water users; utilities; and environmental organizations to help restore four endangered fish spe-cies, while also maintaining water de-livery, hydropower generation, and protecting economic development along the Colorado and San Juan Riv-ers. This legislation will allow for the continued funding of projects that im-prove habitat, support crucial research and monitoring, and remove non-native species, which will both benefit endan-gered fish species and protect the many other uses of the rivers. Healthy rivers are vital to a region’s overall environmental and economic well-being. When our rivers are healthy, our communities are healthy. We all share a responsibility to sustain and preserve the integrity of these re-sources for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I applaud the bipartisan cosponsors of this legislation for this leadership. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4465. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE TO TRANSFER CERTAIN FEDERAL LAND TO FA-CILITATE SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1800) to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain Federal land to facilitate scientific research supporting Federal space and defense programs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1800 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LAND CONVEYANCE, WASATCH- CACHE NATIONAL FOREST, RICH COUNTY, UTAH. 
(a) L ANDCONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—Subject to valid existing rights, not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Agriculture shall convey, with-out consideration, to the Utah State University Research Foundation, (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Foundation’’) all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property consisting of approximately 80 acres, including improvements thereon, located outside of the boundaries of the Wasatch-Cache National Forest, Rich County, Utah, within Sections 19 and 30, Township 14 North, Range 5 East, Salt Lake Base and Meridian for the pur-pose of permitting the Foundation to use the property for scientific and educational purposes. (b) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .—If the Secretary of Agriculture determines at any time that the real property conveyed under subsection (a) is not being used in accordance with the purpose of the conveyance specified in such subsection, all right, title and interest in and to such real property, including any improvements thereto, shall, at the option of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of im-mediate entry onto such real property. A deter-mination by the Secretary under this subsection shall be made on the record after an oppor-tunity for a hearing. (c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Ag-riculture shall require the Foundation to cover the costs (except any costs for environmental re-mediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including sur-vey costs, costs for environmental documenta-tion, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the Foundation in advance of the Secretary in-curring the actual costs, and the amount col-lected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Sec-retary shall refund the excess amount to the Foundation. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover those costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the con-veyance. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be deter-mined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of Agriculture. (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary of Agriculture may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to protect the inter-ests of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ). Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, this bill involves 80 acres of land con-trolled by the Forest Service but not in the actual national forest. Over the past 50 years, this land has been used by the Space Dynamics Lab-oratory, by NASA, by the Naval Re-search Laboratory, and they have a great deal of infrastructure on this land. Unfortunately, the Forest Service de-cided to list this as disposable lands without contacting anybody, and now they don’t have the ability of going back and delisting it so these groups can actually use this land for what they have been doing for the last 50 years. Mr. Speaker, this bill is the cleanest and simplest way of simply transfer-ring control of this land back to the entity which is using it now so they can continue their research, much of which is done in support of our mili-tary. It is a simple and easy and cor-rect way to solve an administrative lapse, and I urge its adoption. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I support this legisla-tion and its adoption by the House. H.R. 1800 authorizes the transfer of 80 acres of Forest Service land to the Utah State University Research Foun-dation. The land will support ongoing research efforts that support national defense and space programs. The idea that there should be na-tional public lands that belong to and are managed on behalf of the American people is a value that dates back to the founding of our country and is embed-ded in our Constitution. Generation after generation of Amer-icans have endorsed the idea that our public lands should be managed for the benefit of all Americans to support a wide range of activities. As stewards of this land, we must work to find a bal-ance between compelling yet some-times competing interests and make sure that the Federal Government is a good neighbor to local communities. Whenever we decide that it is appro-priate to sell or convey these shared re-sources, we must make sure there is adequate compensation to Federal tax-payers or safeguards in place to guar-antee that the land is used for public purposes. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
ISHOP for working across the aisle to ensure that we met these goals in this legislation. I support H.R. 1800 and its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.017 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1517 March 13, 2018 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1800, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEAN STONE BRIDGE Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3469) to designate the bridge lo-cated in Blount County, Tennessee, on the Foothills Parkway (commonly known as ‘‘Bridge 2’’) as the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3469 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION. 
The bridge located in Blount County, Ten-nessee, on the Foothills Parkway (commonly known as ‘‘Bridge 2’’) shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the bridge referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Utah for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago, in February of 2016, I spoke on this floor in tribute to Dean Stone shortly after he retired from his full-time position as editor of The Daily Times newspaper in Mary-ville, Tennessee. Dean Stone worked for The Daily Times for an astounding 67 years, serv-ing as sports editor; managing editor; and then starting in 1988, until 2016, as the top editor. He was always very proud that he gave our great Senator L
AMAR ALEX-
ANDER one of his first jobs when Sen-ator ALEXANDER was in high school in Maryville. Dean Stone was the standard of jour-nalistic fairness and integrity in my district and a towering figure in east Tennessee. Unfortunately, he was unable to enjoy a long retirement, as he passed away several months later at the age of 92. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of a bill that I have introduced to name a very unique 800-foot-long bridge on the Foothills Parkway in his honor. This bill is a fitting tribute to Dean Stone because his story and that of the Foothills Parkway will be forever linked in history. First authorized by Congress in 1944, the Foothills Parkway was intended to be the Tennessee companion to the Blue Ridge Parkway, which was built to link the Great Smoky Mountains National Park with the Shenandoah National Park. Construction on the Foothills Park-way did not begin, however, until 1960; and in the early decades, a few de-tached sections of the highway were completed. Despite this progress in the early years, construction of the 16-mile stretch between Walland and Wears Valley, Tennessee, became plagued with problems. A 1.5 mile section in the middle of this segment, which eventu-ally became known as the ‘‘Missing Link,’’ featured rugged terrain that was extremely difficult to build upon. Construction was further com-plicated by the discovery of minerals in the soil that could cause damage to the environment. Despite these complications, my staff and I worked hard to keep the project alive. In my early years in Congress, we obtained a $3 million appropriation to resurface and maintain existing sec-tions of this parkway. b1715 I was pleased that I was able to in-clude $8.6 million in the Federal high-way legislation, T–21, which was signed into law in 1998, and then the 2005 high-way bill contained another $7.5 billion to continue this project. In 2016, the Department of Transpor-tation awarded $10 million toward the completion of the parkway, and the State of Tennessee committed to pro-viding an additional $15 million match to fund the final paving of this project. During these years, Dean Stone was a key ally in this process. It was then that the histories of the parkway and Dean Stone became permanently linked. Dean Stone didn’t just write in sup-port of the Foothills Parkway. As chairman of the Great Smoky Moun-tains Park Commission and as presi-dent of the Foothills Parkway Associa-tion, Dean worked hard to convince people of the need to complete the missing link. Within the next year, the missing link will be no more, and that section of the parkway will finally be open to the public. Dean Stone was probably the indispensable man in get-ting this section of the road completed. The Daily Times has stated that one main task remains. What is still need-ed, according to The Daily Times, is ‘‘proper acknowledgment of the Blount Countian who persisted over the years in encouraging, insisting, cajoling, and convincing the powers that be the ‘missing link’ could be, should be, and would be connected.’’ My bill, H.R. 3469, would name the longest bridge in the missing link sec-tion of the Foothills Parkway as the Dean Stone Bridge. This particular bridge is an 800-foot engineering mar-vel similar to the famous Linn Cove Vi-aduct on the Blue Ridge Parkway. New technological advances have allowed the construction of a bridge that floats around the edge of the mountain rather than tearing into it. There is no doubt that the elegant curves of this bridge will be the iconic feature of the Foothills Parkway. Nam-ing it after Dean Stone is a fitting trib-ute for all that he did for the Great Smoky Mountains National Park and for this region. In fact, it is fair to say that no one individual did more for the Great Smoky Mountains National Park over the years—through many, many years—in promoting the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in many dif-ferent ways. I have a beautiful photograph that Dean Stone took of the Cades Cove area of the Smoky Mountains in my of-fice here in Washington even today. My only regret is that Dean Stone did not live long enough to see the completion of the missing link, but I take heart in knowing that soon millions of people will be able to benefit from the fruits of his labors as they drive over the Dean Stone Bridge and see the glories of the Great Smoky Mountains. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. As we have heard from my colleague, Dean Stone was a fierce champion of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. Mr. Stone spent much of his life pro-moting the long-term preservation of the park and encouraging others to visit this place that he loved so dearly. Today, the Great Smoky Mountains are one of our Nation’s most visited na-tional parks. In fact, the park set a new record of 11.4 million visitors in 2017 and became a destination for tour-ists from around the world who wanted to witness last summer’s total solar eclipse. I am sure that many of these visitors directly benefited from the decades of work by Dean Stone on behalf of the park and the entire Smoky Mountains region. Mr. Stone passed away in 2016 at the age of 92. It is a fitting tribute to re-name a bridge section of the Foothills Parkway in his honor. Mr. Speaker, I support this legisla-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.019 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1518 March 13, 2018 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3469. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ACADIA NATIONAL PARK BOUNDARY CLARIFICATION ACT Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4266) to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4266 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Acadia Na-tional Park Boundary Clarification Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ACADIA NATIONAL PARK BOUNDARY CLARIFICATION. 
Section 101 of Public Law 99–420 (16 U.S.C. 341 note) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘In order to’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) B
OUNDARIES .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c)(2), to’’; (2) in the second sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘The map shall be on file’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY AND REVISIONS OF  M
APS.— ‘‘(1) A
VAILABILITY .—The map, together with the map described in subsection (b)(1) and any revised boundary map published under paragraph (2), if applicable, shall be— ‘‘(A) on file’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Interior, and it shall be made’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Interior; and ‘‘(B) made’’; (3) by inserting after subsection (a) (as des-ignated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(b) S
CHOODIC PENINSULA ADDITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The boundary of the Park is confirmed to include approximately 1,441 acres of land and interests in land, as depicted on the map entitled ‘Acadia Na-tional Park, Hancock County, Maine, Schoodic Peninsula Boundary Revision’, numbered 123/129102, and dated July 10, 2015. ‘‘(2) R
ATIFICATION AND APPROVAL OF ACQUI -
SITIONS OF LAND .—Congress ratifies and ap-proves— ‘‘(A) effective as of September 26, 2013, the acquisition by the United States of the land and interests in the land described in para-graph (1); and ‘‘(B) effective as of the date on which the alteration occurred, any alteration of the land or interests in the land described in paragraph (1) that is held or claimed by the United States (including conversion of the land to fee simple interest) that occurred after the date described in subparagraph (A).’’; and (4) in subsection (c) (as designated by para-graph (2)(A)), by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL AND LIMITED REVISIONS .— Subject to section 102(k), notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the Sec-retary of the Interior (referred to in this title as the ‘Secretary’), by publication in the Federal Register of a revised boundary map or other description, may make— ‘‘(A) such technical boundary revisions as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to the permanent boundaries of the Park (in-cluding any property of the Park located within the Schoodic Peninsula and Isle Au Haut districts) to resolve issues resulting from causes such as survey error or changed road alignments; and ‘‘(B) such limited boundary revisions as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to the permanent boundaries of the Park to take into account acquisitions or losses, by exchange, donation, or purchase from willing sellers using donated or appropriated funds, of land adjacent to or within the Park, re-spectively, in any case in which the total acreage of the land to be so acquired or lost is less than 10 acres, subject to the condition that— ‘‘(i) any such boundary revision shall not be a part of a more-comprehensive boundary revision; and ‘‘(ii) all such boundary revisions, consid-ered collectively with any technical bound-ary revisions made pursuant to subparagraph (A), do not increase the size of the Park by more than a total of 100 acres, as compared to the size of the Park on the date of enact-ment of this paragraph.’’. SEC. 3. LIMITATION ON ACQUISITIONS OF LAND FOR ACADIA NATIONAL PARK. 
Section 102 of Public Law 99–420 (16 U.S.C. 341 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘of the In-terior (hereinafter in this title referred to as ‘the Secretary’)’’; (2) in subsection (d)(1), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘the the’’ and inserting ‘‘the’’; (3) in subsection (k)— (A) by redesignating the subsection as paragraph (4) and indenting the paragraph appropriately; and (B) by moving the paragraph so as to ap-pear at the end of subsection (b); and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Before revising the boundaries of the Park pursuant to this sec-tion or section 101(c)(2)(B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) certify that the proposed boundary re-vision will contribute to, and is necessary for, the proper preservation, protection, in-terpretation, or management of the Park; ‘‘(2) consult with the governing body of each county, city, town, or other jurisdiction with primary taxing authority over the land or interest in land to be acquired regarding the impacts of the proposed boundary revi-sion; ‘‘(3) obtain from each property owner the land or interest in land of which is proposed to be acquired for, or lost from, the Park written consent for the proposed boundary revision; and ‘‘(4) submit to the Acadia National Park Advisory Commission established by section 103(a), the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, and the Maine Congressional Delegation a written notice of the proposed boundary revision. ‘‘(l) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not use the authority provided by section 100506 of title 54, United States Code, to adjust the permanent boundaries of the Park pursuant to this title.’’. 
SEC. 4. ACADIA NATIONAL PARK ADVISORY COM-MISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall rees-tablish and appoint members to the Acadia National Park Advisory Commission in ac-cordance with section 103 of Public Law 99– 420 (16 U.S.C. 341 note). (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 103 of Public Law 99–420 (16 U.S.C. 341 note) is amended by striking subsection (f). 
SEC. 5. REPEAL OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELAT-ING TO ACADIA NATIONAL PARK. 
The following are repealed: (1) Section 3 of the Act of February 26, 1919 (40 Stat. 1178, chapter 45). (2) The first section of the Act of January 19, 1929 (45 Stat. 1083, chapter 77). 
SEC. 6. MODIFICATION OF USE RESTRICTION. 
The Act of August 1, 1950 (64 Stat. 383, chapter 511), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘That the Secretary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1. CONVEYANCE OF LAND IN ACADIA NA-TIONAL PARK. 
‘‘The Secretary’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘for school purposes’’ and inserting ‘‘for public purposes, subject to the conditions that use of the land shall not de-grade or adversely impact the resources or values of Acadia National Park and that the land shall remain in public ownership for recreational, educational, or similar public purposes’’. 
SEC. 7. CONTINUATION OF CERTAIN TRADI-TIONAL USES. 
Title I of Public Law 99–420 (16 U.S.C. 341 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 109. CONTINUATION OF CERTAIN TRADI-TIONAL USES. 
‘‘In accordance with this section, the Sec-retary shall allow for the traditional, non- motorized harvesting of marine worms, clams, other shellfish, and other marine spe-cies (as defined in chapter 601 of title 12 of the Maine Revised Statutes (as in effect on the date of enactment of this section)), in ac-cordance with the laws (including regula-tions and applicable judicial interpretations) of the State of Maine— ‘‘(1) within the boundaries of the Park; and ‘‘(2) on any land located outside of the boundaries of the Park with respect to which the Secretary has or obtains a property in-terest of any type pursuant to this title.’’. 
SEC. 8. CONVEYANCE OF CERTAIN LAND IN ACA-DIA NATIONAL PARK TO THE TOWN OF BAR HARBOR, MAINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-vey to the Town of Bar Harbor all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the .29-acre parcel of land in Acadia National Park identified as lot 110–055–000 on the tax map of the Town of Bar Harbor for section 110, dated April 1, 2015, to be used for a solid waste transfer facility. (b) R
EVERSION .—If the land conveyed under subsection (a) is used for a purpose other than the purpose described in that sub-section, the land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.022 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1519 March 13, 2018 
There was no objection. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman very much for helping bring this very important bill to the floor. I also thank Chairman R
OB B
ISHOP from Utah, who also was very instrumental in bringing this bill to the floor. In addition to that, I thank all of the staff members of the Natural Resources Committee here in the House for all their great work. This is so important to our State. Mr. Speaker, the great State of Maine is called Vacationland. Now, we have a population of just 1.3 million hardy souls in Maine. However, every year, our population swells to about 40 million vacationers from all over the world. We have such stunning natural beauty in Maine in a pristine natural environment in all these welcoming small towns that it is no wonder that people flock to Maine. Now, right smack in the middle of midcoast Maine is our crown jewel called Acadia National Park, and we just love Acadia National Park in Maine. We are so proud of this. If you happen to vacation in Maine—if you haven’t, you and your family deserve a vacation to Maine. If you drive up to Cadillac Mountain, you see this pano-ramic view of Penobscot Bay, and com-ing out of those sparkling waters of the Atlantic are these green-topped is-lands. You might rent a bike and go to these terrific, groomed historic car-riage trails that wind through the woods of Acadia. Take your kids down to Sand Beach, right in Acadia Na-tional Park, and when their toes hit that ice-cold water, they shriek with joy. This is Maine. We are very proud of Acadia National Park. Mr. Speaker, I do have to say that a couple of years ago, unfortunately, Acadia National Park expanded beyond its boundaries. This is because there was conflict in a couple laws that date back quite some time. Now, I am very happy that my bill that I worked on with great help from my fellow Mem-ber of Congress, Congresswoman C
HELLIE PINGREE from the First Dis-trict, clarifies this boundary for Acadia National Park. It also closed a few loopholes but still allows the bound-aries to be adjusted in very minor ways with abutting pieces of property. Now, I made it clear, Mr. Speaker, that I would not sign on to this bound-ary clarification issue until one more thing is done, and that is to protect the livelihoods of hundreds and hundreds of hardworking Mainers who harvest bloodworms, sandworms, clams, and periwinkles along the mud flats around Acadia National Park. Now, those folks who visit Maine from Utah or Kansas and spend a lot of money to come up and vacation in Maine expect to see the great ocean in front of them, Mr. Speaker. But be-cause the Moon revolves around the Earth and the gravitational pull of the Moon causes one of the unique things in Maine, we have big tides. So if you are vacationing in Maine and you find out when you wake up in the morning the water is gone, don’t worry about it. Six hours later, it will come back. Now, the ebb and the flow of the tides in Maine along the coastline create what we call the intertidal zone. It is a zone between the high watermark and the low watermark. Now, in the State of Maine, we are very clear that this land is owned by the people of Maine, not by the Federal Government. So I was alarmed a couple of years ago when some of the people called me up and said: Mr. POLIQUIN , we worked an entire tide, and someone from Acadia National Park didn’t un-derstand the rules and asked us to turn over our bucket. Now, we have hundreds and hundreds of families that rely on harvesting in the intertidal zone, and we have to make sure that we have corrected this problem. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine. Mr. POLIQUIN. Now, this is a clear example of what we call the public trust doctrine. This common-law docu-ment, which we adopted from the Brit-ish ancestors, gives public access to this land between high and low waterlines for the purpose of ‘‘fishing, fowling, and navigation.’’ Now, unlike some States, Mr. Speak-er, some property owners in Maine own to the low watermark of the tidal range, so this doctrine is incredibly im-portant for the public to have access to our flats for these purposes. This bill that we are passing today codifies the unique ownership and pub-lic access rights of Maine fishermen on the intertidal who have worked on this for hundreds of years. Traditional har-vesting is meant to include the har-vesting of clams and worms, which are harvested by hand with a rake at low tide, and the collection of periwinkles. It also includes accessing intertidal areas by boat at all tides for the pur-pose of harvesting these species. Now, to be clear, the intent of this bill is for ‘‘traditional harvesting.’’ By doing so, this will ensure that our wormers, clammers, and others who live in the area will continue to be able to do what they have been doing for many, many years. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate again C
HELLIE PINGREE , my compatriot from the First District who did a great job on this, our staffs, and the staff of the Natural Resources Committee. We extended ourselves, Mr. Speaker, in a bipartisan way to all the stakeholders in the area, including the Acadia Advi-sory Commission, the Maine Marine Worm Harvesters, the Maine Clammers Association, the National Park Serv-ice, the Friends of Acadia, and all those who want to make this right for the boundary of Acadia National Park forever to be cemented in law. At the same time, we protect the livelihood of some of the hardest work-ing people you will ever find in this country, Mr. Speaker. These individ-uals will rake and dig for these worms in the summertime, in the hot weather, and in the wintertime when the snow is blowing sideways. Mr. Speaker, I encourage everybody to vote for this bill. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ), who is one of the sponsors of H.R. 4266. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise today in sup-port of H.R. 4266, the Acadia National Park Boundary Clarification Act. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bipartisan bill, which was intro-duced by my colleague from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). While you have already heard from Mr. P
OLIQUIN a lot about the impor-tance of the intertidal zone, about the livelihood of clam diggers and wormers, and about the Acadia Na-tional Park, because our State is so important and we love our park, I am pretty much going to say it all again. Maine is very proud to be home to Acadia National Park. This national treasure is a place where the moun-tains actually meet the sea. When you climb those mountains, you see miles of clear, blue ocean dotted with lit-erally some of the hundreds and thou-sands of islands off the coast of Maine, one of which I am lucky enough to live on, not the one where Acadia National Park is. But millions of people visit Acadia National Park every year to experience the incredible natural attractions, the hiking, and the climbing. But they also come there to be in downeast Maine. Downeast Maine is full of very many tight-knit communities, and those tight-knit communities are full of hardworking men and women, many of whom make their living on the water; and it is really hard work. Some of them are hauling lobster traps every day so that we can enjoy the wonderful lobster that is only delicious if you get it from the State of Maine. But many of them are bent over digging in the mud for clams, for other species, and for bloodworms; and it is really hard work. b1730 H.R. 4266 would clarify a number of points to strengthen the park’s rela-tionship with the surrounding commu-nities that we have been talking about. Most importantly, this bill will ensure that clammers, wormers, and other traditional harvesters can continue to work in the places where, frankly, they have worked for generations, many of them working alongside their sons or daughters when they go out every day. In the spring of 2016, the harvesters were shocked when the park staff began prohibiting them from working 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.024 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1520 March 13, 2018 
along the coastline within Acadia’s boundaries. There was no warning about changing a practice that had, frankly, gone on for decades. I appre-ciate the fact that park officials quick-ly ended their enforcement, but the ac-tions sent shock waves throughout the area. Washington County is the poorest county in Maine, and families there simply just can’t afford to lose any source of income. H.R. 4266 would give the communities a sense of security by very explicitly stating that harvesters have a right to work within the park. It is a critical step to ensuring that Acadia National Park remains an at-traction not only for its natural beau-ty, but for its unique way of life. Again, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , for recognizing the issue, for working with his harvesters, and for moving this forward. I am proud to be an original cosponsor. I urge its pas-sage and urge all my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I thank both Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Ms. P INGREE for intro-ducing this legislation to protect a true New England treasure, Acadia Na-tional Park. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yea’’ vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4266. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MODIFYING THE BOUNDARY OF VOYAGEURS NATIONAL PARK Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1350) to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1350 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MODIFICATION OF VOYAGEURS NA-TIONAL PARK. 
(a) B OUNDARIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 102(a) of Public Law 91–661 (16 U.S.C. 160a–1(a)) is amended— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘the drawing entitled’’ and all that follows through ‘‘February 1969’’ and inserting ‘‘the map entitled ‘Voyageurs National Park, Pro-posed Land Transfer & Boundary Adjust-ment’, numbered 172/80,056, and dated June 2009 (22 sheets)’’; and (B) in the second and third sentences, by striking ‘‘drawing’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘map’’. (2) TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—Section 102(b)(2)(A) of Public Law 91–661 (16 U.S.C. 160a–1(b)(2)(A)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(C) and (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (C) and (D) of paragraph (1)’’; and (B) in the second proviso, by striking ‘‘paragraph 1(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(E)’’. (b) L
AND ACQUISITIONS .—Section 201 of Public Law 91–661 (16 U.S.C. 160b) is amend-ed— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘(a) The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 201. LAND ACQUISITIONS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘When any tract of land is only partly with-in such boundaries’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN PORTIONS OF TRACTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In any case in which only a portion of a tract of land is within the boundaries of the park’’; (B) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Land so acquired’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) E
XCHANGE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any land acquired pursu-ant to subparagraph (A)’’; (C) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘Any portion’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) P
ORTIONS NOT EXCHANGED .—Any por- tion’’; (D) in the fifth sentence, by striking ‘‘Any Federal property’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(C) T
RANSFERS OF FEDERAL PROPERTY .— Any Federal property’’; and (E) by striking the last sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘(D) A
DMINISTRATIVE JURISDICTION .—Effec- tive beginning on the date of enactment of this subparagraph, there is transferred to the National Park Service administrative juris-diction over— ‘‘(i) any land managed by the Bureau of Land Management within the boundaries of the park, as depicted on the map described in section 102(a); and ‘‘(ii) any additional public land identified by the Bureau of Land Management as ap-propriate for transfer within the boundaries of the park. ‘‘(E) L
AND OWNED BY STATE .— ‘‘(i) D
ONATIONS AND EXCHANGES .—Any land located within or adjacent to the boundaries of the park that is owned by the State of Minnesota (or a political subdivision of the State) may be acquired by the Secretary only through donation or exchange. ‘‘(ii) R
EVISION .—On completion of an acqui-sition from the State under clause (i), the Secretary shall revise the boundaries of the park to reflect the acquisition.’’; and (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘(b) In ex-ercising his’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) O
FFERS BY INDIVIDUALS .—In exercising the’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Voyageurs National Park, established in 1975, is a 218,200- acre national park located on the northern border of Minnesota. The name ‘‘Voyageurs’’ commemorates the French-Canadian fur traders who were the first European settlers to frequent the area. The park has remarkable water resources and islands and is pop-ular with canoeists, kayakers, other boaters, and fishermen. The Bureau of Land Management currently manages lands within the boundaries of the park that were not transferred to the National Park Serv-ice at the park’s establishment. H.R. 1350 formally transfers these Bureau of Land Management lands to the Na-tional Park Service. Enactment of the legislation is expected to save taxpayer money and agency time by eliminating duplicative land management. In addition, this legislation resolves an outstanding land management issue faced by the State of Minnesota and a county by authorizing a land exchange between the State and the National Park Service. Certain State tax-for-feited tracts within the boundaries of Voyageurs National Park will be trad-ed for a National Park Service-owned tract outside the park boundary. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ), the bill’s sponsor. I thank him for his excellent work on this issue. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my dear friend and colleague from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) for his distinguished service. I thank Mr. C
URTIS for his distinguished service as well. I also thank Mr. B
ISHOP , all the members of the committee, and the staff, of course, for the wonderful work they have done on this. Mr. Speaker, I rise here to join in support of H.R. 1350. Basically, as was explained by Mr. C
URTIS , the bill authorizes a land transfer between the Bureau of Land Management and the National Park Service, a move that would greatly im-prove the overall land management and efficiency within the Voyageurs Na-tional Park in my district in northern Minnesota. I might add, we are very proud of that accomplishment. Specifically, the bill permits the transfer of 49 acres of land within the park from the jurisdiction of the Bu-reau of Land Management to the Na-tional Park Service, as was originally intended by the original legislation for the park when it was signed into law; but, for a variety of reasons, these 49 acres, including 61 separate tracts of land, were not included in the original Federal legislation that established the park in 1975. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.026 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1521 March 13, 2018 
It may interest some of my col-leagues to know that I was here in 1975 and was able to, of course, register my support for the establishment of that park. Now, to be clear, the National Park Service administration already man-ages the 49 acres; but without a change in the law that permanently transfers the lands, a cumbersome and duplica-tive renewal process is required every 20 years. The procedure involves a no-tice, a publication in the Federal Reg-ister, and a review of comments, all of which are, essentially, a waste of tax-payers’ money and everybody’s time within the government who has to deal with it. So make no mistake about it, as Mr. C
URTIS pointed out, this bill saves the taxpayers’ money and the bureaucracy time. In addition, the bill would also au-thorize the National Park Service to acquire and integrate new land into Voyageurs National Park through land exchanges with the State and local governments that own land within or adjacent to the park’s boundaries. In short, Mr. Speaker, this bill would eliminate any future concerns related to the Department of the Interior’s ownership and jurisdiction, facilitating the ease of management for the Na-tional Park Service, the State, and the county; and it would do so at no cost, in addition, of course, to saving money for the Federal Government as deter-mined by the Congressional Budget Of-fice. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt the measure. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1350 is a common-sense, good governance measure, and I want to congratulate Mr. N
OLAN for his hard work in getting this bill through the legislative process. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1350. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TRICKETT WENDLER, FRANK MONGIELLO, JORDAN M
CLINN, AND MATTHEW BELLINA RIGHT TO TRY ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5247) to authorize the use of eligi-ble investigational drugs by eligible patients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible ill-ness, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5247 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. USE OF UNAPPROVED INVESTIGATIONAL DRUGS BY PATIENTS DIAGNOSED WITH A TERMINAL ILLNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter E of chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 561A (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–0) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 561B. INVESTIGATIONAL DRUGS FOR USE BY ELIGIBLE PATIENTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) The term ‘eligible patient’ means a pa-tient— ‘‘(A) who has been diagnosed with an eligi-ble illness; ‘‘(B) who has exhausted approved treat-ment options and is not eligible to partici-pate in (for a reason such as the patient not meeting inclusion criteria) a clinical trial designed to evaluate an investigational drug for the treatment of such eligible illness with which the patient has been diagnosed, including one involving the eligible inves-tigational drug, or for whom participation in such a clinical trial is not feasible (for a rea-son such as a lack of geographic proximity to the clinical trial), as certified by a physi-cian, who— ‘‘(i) is in good standing with the physi-cian’s licensing organization or board; and ‘‘(ii) will not be compensated for so certi-fying; and ‘‘(C) who has provided to the treating phy-sician written informed consent, as described in part 50 of title 21, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor regulations), regard-ing the eligible investigational drug, or, as applicable, on whose behalf a legally author-ized representative of the patient has pro-vided such consent. ‘‘(2) The term ‘eligible investigational drug’ means an investigational drug (as such term is used in section 561)— ‘‘(A) for which a phase 1 clinical trial has been completed; ‘‘(B) that has not been approved or licensed for any use under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act; ‘‘(C)(i) for which an application has been filed under section 505(b) of this Act or sec-tion 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable, that is active; or ‘‘(ii) that is under investigation in a clin-ical trial that— ‘‘(I) is intended to form the primary basis of a claim of effectiveness in support of ap-proval or licensure under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act; and ‘‘(II) is the subject of an active investiga-tional new drug application under section 505(i) of this Act or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable; and ‘‘(D) the active development or production of which— ‘‘(i) is ongoing; ‘‘(ii) has not been discontinued by the man-ufacturer; and ‘‘(iii) is not the subject of a clinical hold under the regulations implementing section 505(i) or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable. ‘‘(3) The term ‘phase 1 trial’ means a phase 1 clinical investigation of a drug as described in section 312.21 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations). ‘‘(4) The term ‘eligible illness’ means— ‘‘(A) a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months; or ‘‘(B) a disease or condition that would re-sult in significant irreversible morbidity that is likely to lead to severely premature death. ‘‘(b) ALTERNATIVE PATHWAY FOR ELIGIBLE  P
ATIENTS WITH A TERMINAL ILLNESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Eligible investigational drugs provided to eligible patients in compli-ance with this section are exempt from sec-tions 502(f), 503(b)(4), and subsections (a) and (i) of section 505 of this Act, and section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act so long as the conditions specified in para-graphs (2), (3), and (4) are met with respect to the provision of such investigational drugs. ‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN REGULA -
TIONS .—The conditions specified in this para-graph, with respect to an eligible investiga-tional drug referred to in paragraph (1), are that— ‘‘(A) the eligible investigational drug is la-beled in accordance with section 312.6 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations); and ‘‘(B) the provision of such eligible inves-tigational drug occurs in compliance with the applicable requirements set forth in sec-tions 312.7 and 312.8(d)(1) of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regu-lations) that apply to investigational drugs, subject to paragraph (5). ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .—The condition specified in this paragraph, with respect to an eligible investigational drug referred to in paragraph (1), is that the sponsor of such eligible inves-tigational drug notifies the Secretary of the provision of such eligible investigational drug for use by an eligible patient pursuant to this section. Such notification shall be submitted within 7 business days of the pro-vision of such eligible investigational drug as correspondence to the investigational new drug application described in subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(4) A
DVERSE EVENT REPORTING .—The con- dition specified in this paragraph, with re-spect to an eligible investigational drug re-ferred to in paragraph (1), is that the sponsor or manufacturer of such eligible investiga-tional drug has required, as a condition of providing the drug to a physician for use by an eligible patient pursuant to this section, that such physician will immediately report to such sponsor or manufacturer any serious adverse events, as such term is defined in section 312.32 of title 21, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or any successor regulations), asso-ciated with the use of the eligible investiga-tional drug by the eligible patient. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION .—For purposes of this section, the requirements set forth in sec-tions 312.7 and 312.8(d)(1) of title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations) are deemed to apply to any person who manufactures, distributes, prescribes, dispenses, introduces or delivers for introduction into interstate commerce, or provides to an eligible patient an eligible investigational drug pursuant to this sec-tion. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF CLINICAL OUTCOMES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Public Health Service Act, or any other provision of Federal law, the Secretary may not use a clinical outcome associated with the use of an eligible investigational drug pursuant to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.028 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1522 March 13, 2018 
this section to delay or adversely affect the review or approval of such drug under sec-tion 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Pub-lic Health Service Act unless— ‘‘(A) the Secretary makes a determination, in accordance with paragraph (2), that use of such clinical outcome is critical to deter-mining the safety of the eligible investiga-tional drug; or ‘‘(B) the sponsor requests use of such out-comes. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—If the Secretary makes a determination under paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall provide written notice of such determination to the sponsor, including a public health justification for such deter-mination, and such notice shall be made part of the administrative record. Such deter-mination shall not be delegated below the di-rector of the agency center that is charged with the premarket review of the eligible in-vestigational drug. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTING .—The manufacturer or sponsor of an eligible investigational drug that provides an eligible investigational drug pursuant to this section shall post on the same publicly available internet website used by the manufacturer for purposes of section 561A(b) an annual summary of any provision by the manufacturer or sponsor of an eligible investigational drug under this section. The summary shall include the num-ber of requests received, the number of re-quests granted, the number of patients treat-ed, the therapeutic area of the drug made available, and any known or suspected seri-ous adverse events, as such term is defined in section 312.32 of title 21, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or any successor regulations), asso-ciated with the use of the eligible investiga-tional drug. ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting the authority of the Secretary to require manufacturers or sponsors of investigational drugs to review and report information rel-evant to the safety of such investigational drug obtained or otherwise received by the sponsor pursuant to part 312 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions).’’. (b) N
OLIABILITY .—Section 561B of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) L
IABILITY .— ‘‘(1) A
LLEGED ACTS OR OMISSIONS .— ‘‘(A) M
ANUFACTURER OR SPONSOR .—No man- ufacturer or sponsor (or their agent or rep-resentative) of an investigational drug shall be liable for any alleged act or omission re-lated to the provision of such drug to a sin-gle patient or small group of patients for treatment use in accordance with subsection (b) or (c) of section 561 or the provision of an eligible investigational drug to an eligible patient in accordance with this section, in-cluding, with respect to the provision of an investigational drug under section 561 or an eligible investigational drug under this sec-tion, the reporting of safety information, from clinical trials or any other source, as required by section 312.32 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regu-lations). ‘‘(B) P
HYSICIAN , CLINICAL INVESTIGATOR , OR 
HOSPITAL .— ‘‘(i) No licensed physician, clinical investi-gator, or hospital shall be liable for any al-leged act or omission related to the provi-sion of an investigational drug to a single patient or small group of patients for treat-ment use in accordance with subsection (b) or (c) of section 561, as described in clause (ii), or the provision of an eligible investiga-tional drug to an eligible patient in accord-ance with this section, unless such act or omission constitutes on the part of such phy-sician, clinical investigator, or hospital with respect to such investigational drug or eligi-ble investigational drug— ‘‘(I) willful or criminal misconduct; ‘‘(II) reckless misconduct; ‘‘(III) gross negligence relative to the ap-plicable standard of care and practice with respect to the administration or dispensing of such investigational drug; or ‘‘(IV) an intentional tort under applicable State law. ‘‘(ii) The requirements described in this clause are the requirements under subsection (b) or (c) of section 561, including— ‘‘(I) the reporting of safety information, from clinical trials or any other source, as required by section 312.32 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regu-lations); ‘‘(II) ensuring that the informed consent requirements of part 50 of title 21, Code of the Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations) are met; and ‘‘(III) ensuring that review by an institu-tional review board is obtained in a manner consistent with the requirements of part 56 of title 21, Code of the Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations). ‘‘(2) DETERMINATION NOT TO PROVIDE  
DRUG .—No manufacturer, sponsor, licensed physician, clinical investigator, or hospital shall be liable for determining not to provide access to an investigational drug under this section or for discontinuing any such access that it initially determined to provide. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2), nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to modify or other-wise affect the right of any person to bring a private action against a manufacturer or sponsor (or their agent or representative), physician, clinical investigator, hospital, prescriber, dispenser, or other entity under any State or Federal product liability, tort, consumer protection, or warranty law. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL GOVERNMENT .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to modify or otherwise affect the authority of the Federal Government to bring suit under any Federal law.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URTIS ). Pursuant to the rule, the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the patients who face terminal diag-noses but have exhausted all available treatment options. These are patients like Jordan McLinn, who is with us today. Jordan is a tireless fighter who self- advocates for others living with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. He is a namesake of this bill we are consid-ering, like Matt Bellina, who testified before the Health Subcommittee last year. Because of folks like Jordan and Matt, we have a chance to increase pa-tient access to experimental therapies. Thirty-eight States across our great land have right-to-try laws, including my home State of Oregon. Wisconsin, with a bill on its way to Governor Scott Walker’s desk, will soon make it 39. While the State policies vary, they have a common goal: helping vulner-able patients. President Trump praised the move-ment during the State of the Union, saying: ‘‘People who are terminally ill should not have to go from country to country to seek a cure. I want to give them a chance here at home.’’ Now, today, there is an existing proc-ess for patients to access unapproved drugs. The FDA oversees expanded ac-cess, commonly known as compas-sionate use. This program has been critical in helping patients access ex-perimental drugs. Commissioner Scott Gottlieb and the Agency, the FDA, should be com-mended for their continued work to im-prove the expanded access program for patients. To improve this successful program, the bill before us today also provides li-ability protections for manufacturers, sponsors, physicians, clinical inves-tigators, and hospitals that participate in the existing expanded access pro-gram and the new alternative pathway created under this legislation. This provision removes one of the biggest hurdles that patients have faced in getting access to these medi-cines, in gaining access to experi-mental therapies, as identified by the Government Accountability Office: manufacturer hesitancy to participate. That is the big hurdle. We seek to over-come it with this legislation. The bill also creates a new alter-native pathway for patients who do not qualify for a clinical trial. This legisla-tion strengthens patient protections with clearer informed consent and ad-verse event reporting. The bill also ensures the FDA, the Food and Drug Administration, is noti-fied when a patient receives an unap-proved drug through the new alter-native pathway to ensure there is prop-er oversight. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the House sponsors of this legislation who have worked tirelessly to bring this to a good place today: B
RIAN FITZPATRICK , our colleague from Pennsylvania; A
NDY B
IGGS from Arizona; and M ORGAN GRIF-
FITH from Virginia. I also thank the Vice President, with whom Jordan and I met today. I am grateful for their work on behalf of these courageous pa-tients, and I urge all my colleagues in the House to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1745 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 5247, or the Right to Try Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR7.010 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1523 March 13, 2018 
2018. Supporters of this legislation, Mr. Speaker, have claimed that it will pro-vide seriously ill patients, who have ex-hausted all of their available treat-ment options, access to experimental therapies free from the barriers of FDA oversight. While it is understandable that some-one suffering from a disease who has no more options would want to try any-thing that could help them fight their disease, this legislation delivers the false hope to patients and their fami-lies that they will receive a cure to their underlying disease or condition. In fact, this legislation provides pa-tients and their families nothing more than the right to ask a manufacturer for access to early stage, unproven treatments. Like other so-called right- to-try proposals, H.R. 5247 is based on the false premise that patients are not receiving access to the investigational treatments as a result of the Food and Drug Administration, and this simply not the case. Through the FDA’s existing expanded access program, seriously ill patients are able to request access to investiga-tional products. The FDA approves 99 percent of all requests for investiga-tional drugs or biologics that it re-ceives through this program. Last year, FDA received more than 1,500 requests, and only 9 were not ap-proved. Despite this high-approval rate, supporters of right-to-try laws have argued that the process is too slow and burdensome, but I have not seen evidence that this is the case, Mr. Speaker. In fact, FDA often grants emergency requests for expanded ac-cess immediately over the phone, and nonemergency requests are processed in an average of 4 days. FDA has even made improvements to streamline the process. For example, FDA has revised the application for physicians to ensure that it now takes less than an hour to complete. FDA has also released additional guidance to in-dustry, outlining the expanded access program’s requirements and addressing common questions related to the dif-ferent programs and submission proc-ess, and how outcomes will be consid-ered as part of the review process. Last fall, FDA Commissioner Gott-lieb testified on right-to-try efforts and told our committee that: ‘‘There is a perception that certain products that aren’t being offered under FDA ex-panded access . . . will be offered under right-to-try. I don’t see that,’’ the com-missioner said. As I have said, the re-view process is working well, but this legislation would completely take FDA out of the review process. This is dan-gerous and could put patients at seri-ous risk. FDA is part of the process for a rea-son. It protects patients from poten-tially bad actors or from experimental treatments that might do more harm than good. While FDA approves 99 per-cent of the treatments it reviews, it also revises applications for 11 percent of patients to improve patient safety protections. In order to protect patients, this re-view should continue. We must protect patients from bad actors or from dan-gerous treatments that would make their lives worse. I am extremely con-cerned that the legislation we are con-sidering today is advancing a solution to address barriers to investigational treatments that do not exist and could expose seriously ill patients to greater harm instead of the greater access that they are looking for. The true barrier to any expanded ac-cess is the determination by the manu-facturer as to whether or not they will provide access to their products that are under development. But nothing in the legislation before us today would compel a manufacturer to grant access upon request. Further, H.R. 5247 would allow pa-tients access to investigational treat-ments that have only completed a phase I clinical trial. That is an ex-tremely small trial. It does not deter-mine the effectiveness, or the potential side effects of a drug. Access at this stage in the development could expose patients to untested products, further harm, and result in delaying access to a treatment that may be more appro-priate and more beneficial for their un-derlying disease or condition. H.R. 5247 also erodes important pa-tient safeguards. It limits FDA’s abil-ity to use clinical outcomes associated with the use of an investigational prod-uct when reviewing a product for ap-proval if it could adversely impact its review. It also prevents any entity from being held liable for use of the treatment. And while I appreciate, Mr. Speaker, the intent of this bill, I can’t support it. The last thing I want to do is give patients false hope and to potentially put them at risk by completely remov-ing FDA from the review and approval process. Finally, Mr. Speaker, it is out-rageous, in my opinion, that a bill of this magnitude is being considered under a suspension of the rule. As my Republican colleagues well know, bills considered under suspension are tradi-tionally bipartisan bills that have worked their way through the appro-priate committees with overwhelming bipartisan support. This bill was never considered by the Energy and Commerce Committee. In fact, it was only introduced today. A bill with such critical patient safety implications should not be considered in this fashion. So I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided legislation and stand with the more than 100 orga-nizations that have come forward ex-pressing their concern for patients and the unnecessary risk this legislation could expose our Nation’s most vulner-able to. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I now have the honor of yielding 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), who has been, even be-fore he got to the Congress, an extraor-dinary advocate for this cause and for the patients with terminally ill condi-tions. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman WALDEN ; Mr. B
URGESS ; Mr. G RIFFITH ; my friend, A
NDYBIGGS; and Senator R ONJOHNSON  for their resolute commitment to see the Right to Try Act brought to a vote today. Mr. Speaker, each year, thousands of Americans receive the devastating di-agnosis of a terminal illness. And even with the amazing work done in Amer-ican medical research and develop-ment, for too many families, access to these potentially lifesaving treatments will come too late or not at all. As their Representatives, we should each endeavor to support these individuals in their time of need as well as support new pathways to potentially lifesaving treatment. That is what the right to try is all about. As the chairman indicated, 38 States have passed this bill with near unanimous, bipartisan support. A version of this bill unanimously passed the United States Senate. However, we know Congress cannot legislate miracles. That is why, when talking about the right to try, we are careful not to represent it as a cure itself. The reality is that, while passing this measure is a step, the families and advocates we have worked closely with for years know that the right to try isn’t a guarantee. It is about pro-tecting hope and protecting oppor-tunity—hope and opportunity for those like my constituent, Lieutenant Com-mander Matthew Bellina, a retired naval aviator and father of three, who was diagnosed with ALS in 2014. Following the onset of his symptoms, Matt was grounded from flying. He eventually moved back home to Bucks County with his wife, Caitlin, and his three children to be surrounded by family and friends. Although this disease stopped Matt’s military service, he quickly picked up the fight with his new battle, involving himself in the ALS community and be-coming a strong advocate for right-to- try legislation. Together with Jim Worthington and the Have a Heart Foundation, Matt advocated for the right to try across the Nation. While the FDA has a program that allows terminally ill patients to apply for early access to promising treat-ment, the right to try is needed be-cause the FDA’s compassionate use process doesn’t help enough people. Only about 1,200 people a year can make it through the current time-con-suming and expensive application proc-ess. Comparatively, Mr. Speaker, in 2014, more than 12,000 people in France were using investigational treatments through that government’s equivalent program. If a country with one-fifth of the pop-ulation of the United States can help 900 percent more people, the FDA pro-gram clearly is not working. This bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.031 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1524 March 13, 2018 
does not gut the FDA or fundamentally change the relationship between doctor and patient. What it does is give Amer-icans facing a terminal diagnosis a new pathway for treatments undergoing clinical trials. I want to read something in closing, Mr. Speaker, that I received from Matt Bellina, who is with us today. ‘‘Please let them know that I have had ALS too long to meet the exclusion criteria for any promising trials. No drug company will offer me treatments under the cur-rent EAP guidelines. Two reputable companies have already indicated that they would try to treat me under the rules of this bill. A vote against this is essentially a vote to kill me. It is a vote to make my wife a widow and leave my boys fatherless. I can’t stop anyone from voting that way, but please ask them to have the respect to look my family in the eye when they cast’’ that vote. Mr. Speaker, when a life hangs in the balance, the Federal Government should not stand in the way of access to potentially lifesaving treatment. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE G
REEN ), who is the ranking member of our Subcommittee on Health. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my ranking member for allowing me to speak tonight. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Right to Try Act, legislation that would bypass the Food and Drug Ad-ministration’s longstanding review and oversight of drug treatments and en-danger patients with life-threatening diseases. My heart goes out to the families of loved ones who are terminally ill and desperate for a breakthrough treat-ment. I, too, have lost loved ones and wished there was an experimental ther-apy available to save them. FDA has decades of experience deal-ing with experimental therapies that have not received final approval. In 1987, the FDA created expanded access, better known as compassionate use, and gives terminally ill patients access to therapies still under clinical trials. FDA approves nearly all requests for investigational drugs. For the last 5 years, the FDA approval rate for this expanded access is over 99 percent. In fact, FDA physicians are available 24 hours a day to approve emergency re-quests. My daughter is an infectious disease physician at the University of Ne-braska Medical Center. They used the FDA’s compassionate pathway to pro-vide experimental therapy for an American doctor, a U.S. citizen, who had contracted Ebola while in Africa in 2014. FDA approved that request for that experimental treatment over the telephone in less than 24 hours. There is a solution other than this bill. The new path created in this legisla-tion is not necessary, and, in fact, may endanger the health and safety of ter-minally ill patients by bypassing FDA’s oversight and expertise. Mr. Speaker, I also want to speak on the importance of following regular order. The House Energy and Com-merce Committee has been working with stakeholders and Federal agencies for years on creating incentives and pathways for the new generation of breakthrough therapies. Two years ago, these efforts cul-minated with the passage of the 21st Century Cures Act, which I am proud to be a champion of. The 21st Century Cures Act went through regular order, including hearings; Member discus-sions; and compromises between regu-lators, stakeholders, and regulators. It is not easy or quick, but regular order works because it gives the com-mittees of jurisdiction the opportunity to debate and refine the legislation. This legislation we are currently con-sidering did not go through regular order. In fact, it was just introduced earlier today, purposely avoiding con-sideration before our Energy and Com-merce Committee due to its short-comings. I hope we can agree on the impor-tance of following regular order and ob-serve our Chamber’s rules and tradi-tions. The American people deserve nothing less. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up for Americans facing these serious and life-threatening diseases by opposing this unnecessary and potentially dan-gerous legislation. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ), the former chairman of the full committee and the current vice chairman. (Mr. BARTON asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I have listened to my friends on the minority talk about the reasons they are oppos-ing this bill, and a normal piece of leg-islation that would have some merit didn’t go through regular order, things of this sort. But, Mr. Speaker, when the house is burning down and you need the fire department, you don’t ask if they followed proper procedure to get somebody out there to put out the fire. My brother had liver cancer at the age of 44. He had tried every conven-tional therapy known to modern medi-cine, and it wasn’t working. Now, he had a brother, myself, who was a sub-committee chairman of the committee of jurisdiction over the FDA. I con-tacted the FDA, and we got him in a special protocol for an investigational drug that was under approval. It wasn’t approved. And the doctors and the peo-ple at the FDA told my brother and his family: If it works, it is going to really help you. But if it doesn’t, you are going to die sooner. Well, he was going to die anyway, Mr. Speaker. So he signed the informed consent and he took the drug and it didn’t work, but he had that last shot. Now, I don’t know what this debate about false hope is. When you have no hope, perhaps false hope is better than none at all. All this bill does is let people who have no other hope for conventional therapy, if a drug has at least passed stage one at the FDA approval process, and their doctor thinks it will help them, if they give an informed consent, they can try it. Now, my friends on the Democratic side are correct that, most of the time under the existing protocol, the FDA approves it without a problem. But why should the FDA approve it if you are about to die anyway? That is what this bill does. By the way, it passed the Senate with unanimous consent. Now, that is a miracle in itself. Let’s pass it here in the House and give hope a chance for these patients who are terminally ill and have no hope at all today. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. MATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this proposed right-to-try legislation. This bill offers patients false hope. It proposes a pathway to experimental drugs that offers absolutely no guar-antee of access, while stripping pa-tients of any legal or financial re-course, and places clinical trials at risk. b1800 Last week, I am sure like everyone else, I heard from many constituents on behalf of their families and commu-nities with devastating diseases, like multiple sclerosis. When a family member is faced with a devastating diagnosis, you would do anything and try anything to improve their quality of life. I know. I have been there with family members in such heartbreaking situations. But this bill would not necessarily make it easi-er to get experimental treatments and it would definitely make it harder for patients in the future to get treat-ments. We need clinical trials to en-sure drugs are safe and effective and to find real cures and treatments for these patients. Because this bill would be dangerous for patients both today and in the fu-ture, many disease groups oppose the bill, including the National Organiza-tion for Rare Disorders, the American Cancer Society, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, and more. Rushing this bill without proper bi-partisan oversight places the American people in the way of real harm. Re-scinding FDA oversight on unproven therapies is a perilous proposition. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 seconds. Mr. Speaker, the last two speakers from California and Texas, two of our biggest States, a grand total of two legislators voted ‘‘no.’’ Otherwise, it was unanimous in both those States to do what we are doing here today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.032 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1525 March 13, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS), an incredible advocate of this legisla-tion. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman W
ALDEN for yielding. I am grateful for the work he has done on this. I am also grateful to my friends, Representatives F
ITZPATRICK and G RIF-
FITH, as well as Senator J OHNSON , for their advocacy here. I don’t want to get this crucial point lost: it is not us; it is the courageous patients and their friends and their families who deserve the most recogni-tion about how far we have come to get this bill passed. Today is for them, not for us. Thirty-eight States, soon to be 39 States, have passed this bill. That is enough to amend the U.S. Constitu-tion, but here we stand because some have come and said we shouldn’t give people false hope. There is no such thing as false hope. You either have hope or you have no hope. In this instance, this bill gives tens of thousands, perhaps hundreds of thousands, or millions even, the hope that they can avail themselves of medi-cation that might prolong their life or maybe even be a cure. These people who have advocated are fighters. I hear about patient groups who op-pose this, yet the States, our employ-ers, they approve this. Every day, Laura McLinn, the mother of Jordan McLinn, receives countless emails from people similarly situated, saying: We need to pass the Right to Try Act. I need that right to try. I am told: Oh, well, we take care of 1,500 a year. Mr. Speaker, 1,500 a year, when there are literally tens of thousands of peo-ple who need their opportunity. We are not mandating even. We are providing an opportunity. We are pro-viding an option both for the patient and even the pharmaceutical company. Now, I heard in the opening state-ment from my friend across the aisle that we are not compelling them to do it. Would he feel more comfortable if we compelled pharmaceutical companies to provide those potential lifesaving medications? We need to recognize that this bill is not for us in this Chamber. It is for Matt Bellina, Jordan McLinn, and Laura McLinn. It is for those who are similarly situated. We have waited long enough. Let’s get this done. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5247 because it actually creates a dangerous back door around the Food and Drug Admin-istration approval process and it ig-nores that there is a safe pathway for terminally ill patients to get the treat-ment that they need. This bill denies patients what they really need, which is safe and effective treatments. This bill strips away important safe-guards in the name of helping patients. It is not patient friendly. That is why 78 patients and doctor groups are all opposed to this legislation, like the American Cancer Society, the National Brain Tumor Society, the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, and the Viet-nam Veterans of America. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  this 5-page list of the opposing groups. 
GROUPS OPPOSED TO RIGHT TO TRY L
EGISLATION , ADNP Kids Research Foundation, AIDS Action Baltimore, Alliance for Aging Re-search, Alliance for Regenerative Medicine, American Academy of Neurology, American Association of Justice, American Cancer So-ciety Cancer Action Network, American Lung Association, American Society of Clin-ical Oncology, American Syringomyelia and Chiari Alliance Project, Amyloidosis Sup-port Groups, Association for Creatine Defi-ciencies, Benign Essential Blepharospasm Research Foundation, Biomarin, Bonnie J. Addario Lung Cancer Foundation, Breast Cancer Action, Bridge the Gap—SYNGAP Education and Research Foundation, CancerCare, Cancer Prevention and Treat-ment Fund, Charlotte and Gwenyth Gray Foundation to Cure Batten Disease, Chil-dren’s Cause for Cancer Advocacy, Children’s Cardiomyopathy Foundation, Congenital Hyperinsulinism International, CurePSP. Cutaneous Lymphoma Foundation, Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, Defeat MSA, The Desmoid Tumor Research Foundation, The Disability Rights Legal Center, Dupl5q Alli-ance, Dysautonomia Foundation, Equal Ac-cess for Rare Disorders, Fight Colorectal Cancer, FORCE: Facing Our Risk of Cancer Empowered, Former FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg, Former FDA Commis-sioner Robert Califf, Friedreich’s Ataxia Re-search Alliance (FARA), Friends of Cancer Research, Georgia State University College of Law, The Global Foundation for Peroxisomal Disorders, Glutl Deficiency Foundation, The Guthy-Jackson Charitable Foundation, Hemophilia Federation of America, Hematology/Oncology Pharmacy Association, HLRCC Family Alliance, Hope for Hypothalamic Hamartomas, Hyper IgM Foundation, Inc., International Fibrodys-plasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP) Associa-tion, International Myeloma Foundation. International Pemphigus and Pemphigoid Foundation, International Society for Stem Cell Research, International Waldenstrom’s Macroglobulinemia Foundation (IWMF), The Isaac Foundation, Jack McGovern Coats’ Disease Foundation, The LAM Foundation, The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, Lymphoma Research Foundation, Li- Fraumeni Syndrome Association (LFS Asso-ciation / LFSA), LUNGevity Foundation, Max Cure Foundation, M–CM Network, Mattie Miracle Cancer Foundation, MitoAction, MLD Foundation, Moebius Syn-drome Foundation, The MSA Awareness Shoe, Mucolipidosis Type IV Foundation, The Myelin Project, Myotonic Dystrophy Foundation, National Brain Tumor Society, National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship, National Comprehensive Cancer Network, National Consumers League, National Health Council. National MPS Society, National Niemann– Pick Disease Foundation, National Organiza-tion for Rare Disorders (NORD), National Patient Advocate Foundation, National Phy-sicians Alliance, National PKU Alliance, Na-tional PKU News, National Women’s Health Network, Neurofibromatosis Northeast, NYU Langone Health, Operation ASHA, Our Bod-ies Ourselves, PRP Alliance, Inc., Prevent Cancer Foundation, Public Citizen, Rare and Undiagnosed Network (RUN), Sarcoma Foun-dation of America, Scleroderma Foundation, The Snyder-Robinson Foundation, Sofia Sees Hope, SSADH Association, Susan G. Komen, TargetCancer Foundation, Treatment Action Group, The Turner Syndrome Society. TMJA (Temporomandibular Joint Dis-orders patient organization), United Leukodystrophy Foundation, United Mitochondrial Disease Foundation (UMDF), University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Veterans Health Council, Viet-nam Veterans of America, VHL Alliance, Washington Advocates for Patient Safety, Woody Matters, Worldwide Syringomyelia & Chiari Task Force, Yale School of Public Health. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, it opens the door for bad actors to take advantage of terminally ill patients. It is the FDA’s job to ensure that drugs are safe and effective. We can’t trust manufacturers to act as a gatekeeper. The important thing to know is there is already a safe process for terminally ill patients to access experimental treatments. Under the Expanded Ac-cess Program, 99 percent of applica-tions are approved, and they are done in a speedy way. This process is not merely a rubber stamp. The FDA plays a vital role in ensuring these experimental treat-ments are safe. Even more important, in 19 States that have passed right-to-try laws, pa-tients using an investigational drug can lose their hospice care; and in 6 States, they can be denied home healthcare. These are the very people who depend on hospice and home care, and they could lose those services. This is not a humane, patient-cen-tered bill for people who are facing death. It is just a dangerous pathway for bad actors to exist. Let’s go with the positive ability right now that we have. Ninety-nine percent of those desperate people look-ing for hope will get it from the Food and Drug Administration. So I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 5247. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, when Il-linois took this up, they approved it 169–1 in their assembly. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ). Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman W
ALDEN for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I have heard people say that this bill gives folks a false hope. There is no false hope. They know it is a Hail Mary pass. They know it is unlikely to succeed, but they are willing to make the deci-sion and the choice to take that chance. I have heard that patients will be at risk, that they lose their safeguards. They have received a terminal diag-nosis. They know they are at risk. They don’t care about safeguards. They want to fight for life. They know they have that terminal disease or diagnosis and they may lose a few weeks, as we heard from my colleague, but they may gain years, and they are willing to take that risk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.034 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1526 March 13, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I have to tell you, if I had a terminal diagnosis, I would even consider injecting monkey urine if I thought it would give me a few more months or a few more years with my children, who are currently 18, 12, and 10. Others may choose not to try some-thing. They may not want the right to try. They may not want to try the Hail Mary pass, but they should have the choice. They should have the right to try. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I have said, I have great concerns that H.R. 5247 would ex-pose our most vulnerable and desperate patients to unnecessary risk. Supporters of this legislation have argued that those patients who are suf-fering from a terminal illness deserve the right to take their health and treatment into their own hands, as they are faced without any other treat-ment options. Some have even asked: What risk could be worse than the risk of death? As Arthur Caplan, a bioethicist from NYU, has pointed out: ‘‘There are things worse than death; being made to die faster, being made to die more mis-erably.’’ These are all very real scenarios that patients could be exposed to under the misleading and ill-conceived right-to- try pathway. As I stated before, while the FDA ap-proved 99 percent of the requests it re-ceived, of those, they revised 11 percent in order to protect patients. If this bill becomes law, the FDA no longer will have the opportunity to make those re-visions and to protect vulnerable pa-tients. We must protect patients from bad actors or from dangerous treatments that might make their lives worse. That is why more than 100 organiza-tions have written in opposition to this legislation, including 83 patient organi-zations like the National Organization for Rare Disorders, the Friends of Can-cer Research, the American Cancer So-ciety, Cancer Action Network. In a letter to the Speaker and the Democratic leader, the patient organi-zations noted that ‘‘the alternative pathway in the latest version of the legislation is still less safe for our pa-tients than the current expanded ac-cess process’’ that the FDA uses. Dr. Ellen Sigal, the chair and founder of Friends of Cancer Research, said: ‘‘In its current form, the proposed leg-islation does nothing for patients other than provide false hope by allowing them to request a drug with no evi-dence of efficacy they may never re-ceive and, should they receive it, may do more harm than good.’’ So I think we should all be concerned about protecting patients. Rather than rushing this bill through today, I would urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation and to come back to the table to find a solution that will streamline Expanded Access Programs while protecting patients from unnec-essary harm. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), the chair of our Health Subcommittee. Texas voted unani-mously for the Right to Try Act. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, just a little over a month ago, President Trump stood here at this podium behind me and told us: ‘‘People who are terminally ill should not have to go from country to country to seek a cure.’’ Along with President Trump, I want to give patients a chance right here at home. A little over a year ago, this House passed the 21st Century Cures Act, made unprecedented acceleration of discoveries. Thanks to our researchers and our academic institutions, and those working in the pharmaceutical and medical device companies, Ameri-cans have access to more and more in-novative treatments. However, I con-tinue to hear from patients with seri-ous life-threatening conditions, includ-ing my constituents in north Texas, who are frustrated with what they see as regulatory barriers from trying and experimenting with new therapies when everything else has failed. When potentially lifesaving treat-ments exist but remain unavailable to patients, we have an opportunity to move past what has long been a di-lemma towards delivering a hopeful message. Since 2014, 38 States, including Texas, have passed a version of right- to-try laws. I am pleased that the House of Rep-resentatives is considering right-to-try legislation that gives patients a chance at life by improving access to experi-mental treatments. Mr. Speaker, a lot of people deserve thanks for getting this bill to us today, but, in particular, I want to thank the President of the United States, Presi-dent Trump, and Vice President P
ENCE  for their leadership in this effort. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Mem-bers to support this bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there are a lot of rea-sons to oppose this bill today, and I have given a number of them, but the primary reason being the need to con-tinue protecting patients by ensuring that the FDA remains a part of the process. While we are speaking about process, I have to also oppose this legislation based on the inappropriate way the Re-publican majority is bringing this bill to the floor. Bills considered under sus-pension have traditionally gone through the committee process with overwhelming bipartisan support, and neither of those things is the case with this bill. It was introduced today. Does the majority really believe they are giving Members the appropriate time to view this bill when it was in-troduced at 2 p.m.? Patient access and patient safety should be shared goals among Demo-crats and Republicans, goals that could be achieved if this legislation was not being rushed to the floor under an arbi-trary deadline. Legislation such as this, that carries such great risk of patient harm, should be considered carefully, with attention paid to the unintended consequences that could follow. Mr. Speaker, I would urge my col-leagues to oppose this unnecessary and risky legislation, and to return to the regular order of the committee to con-sider legislation that would protect both patients from harm and the FDA from the weakening of the agency’s role in our drug approval process. We should not be voting on a bill of this consequence that was introduced this afternoon. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1815 Mr. WALDEN. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CAR-
TER), a distinguished member of our committee and a pharmacist by train-ing and trade. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of the Right to Try Act because this legislation will improve access to potentially life-saving treatments for patients with terminal diseases or conditions. Currently, patients can only receive drugs that are undergoing FDA review through clinical trials, through com-passionate use, or expanding access. They access these unapproved treat-ments exclusively through the FDA but not through the drug sponsor. This critical legislation would establish in-formed consent for patients to access unapproved drugs that could save their lives. This bill still guards patients from manufacturers misbranding or mislabeling drugs and specifies that any unapproved drug used in the alter-native pathway must have an active application and is not the subject of a clinical hold. I thank my good friend Chairman B
URGESS and the rest of my colleagues on the committee for moving this leg-islation forward and working with the administration and stakeholders on all sides of these issues. This is a great step forward towards ensuring our pa-tients get to take advantage of the in-credible pharmaceutical therapies that our manufacturers are known for. I applaud the Energy and Commerce Committee for their work in moving this legislation forward, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, may I ask the gentleman how many speakers he has left. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, we have two, I believe, left. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.035 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1527 March 13, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to talk about two other aspects of this bill that I haven’t so far. One is the fact that States have actually implemented right-to-try laws that have done little to expand access to investigational treatment. Although 17 States and the District of Columbia have enacted right-to-try laws, there is no evidence that anyone has obtained an investiga-tional treatment via these laws that couldn’t have been obtained through FDA’s expanded access program. Right-to-try laws do not compel com-panies to provide patients access to in-vestigational treatments. Therefore, under these State laws, patients still do not have a right to try, only the right to request the treatment from the company. State right-to-try laws do not address the fundamental bar-riers of cost and accompanying restric-tions. Neither the FDA nor States require insurers or pharmaceutical companies to cover the cost or reduce the cost of these expensive treatments. Instead, these laws put patients at a higher risk by prohibiting or weakening FDA over-sight of investigational treatments. With regard to clinical trials, the legislation could also expose patients to unnecessary risk by allowing access to investigational drugs that have only completed a phase I clinical trial. Phase I trials are extremely small trials, in the range of 20 to 80 patients, and are used primarily to determine toxicity. They do not determine effec-tiveness or potential side effects. Pa-tients could suffer from harmful side effects or delay enrolling in a clinical trial program for a treatment that ac-tually has evidence of efficacy for their disease or condition. Finally, the bill would weaken the FDA’s ability to oversee the adverse events or other clinical outcomes from the use of investigational drugs and provide broad liability protections for manufacturers, leaving patients with no recourse in the case of an adverse effect. I just wanted to mention those. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the Right to Try Act. When those we hold dearest are diag-nosed as terminally ill, the last thing we want to hear is that all treatment options have been exhausted. This is why I have been a longtime supporter of the Right to Try Act. Currently, 38 States have already passed right-to-try legislation to assist vulnerable pa-tients, including my home State of Georgia. By allowing terminally ill patients the access to unapproved drugs and therapies, we are giving them a fight-ing chance for their God-given right to life. Although these drugs cannot guar-antee a road to recovery, they can pro-vide a better alternative in many hope-less situations and pave the way for more scientific breakthroughs. Congress should keep breaking down regulatory barriers. Like the bill’s name says, patients have a right to try. All Americans should have the right to choose. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Energy and Commerce Committee for passing this important legislation out of com-mittee, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill on the House floor. How in the world could anyone op-pose the right to choose life? Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire as to how much time remains for each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas). The gentleman from Oregon has 3 minutes remaining. The gentleman from New Jersey has 1 minute remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to conclude, if I could, in opposition to this bill by quoting some of the former FDA Com-missioners. This is from Dr. Margaret Hamburg, who said: 
I am deeply concerned by the draft legisla-tion being considered to remove the FDA from the proposals around right to try. Ex-cluding the FDA will not benefit those pa-tients and would be a mistake. There is no need to create a new potentially dangerous paradigm by passing this legislation which does not address the real issues at hand and could have unintended negative con-sequences, leading to a possible impediment of the development and approval of safe and effective therapies. 
And then, finally, is the former FDA Principal Deputy Commissioner, Josh-ua Sharfstein, who said: 
FDA review allows doctors and patients to tell the difference between a medication that works and one that does not. Evidence also orients the pharmaceutical market towards developing products that produce meaningful benefits for patients instead of just hope. Un-dermining FDA review by giving a right to patients to try anything at any time will leave more patients in desperate situations with fewer options and less understanding of what could really make a difference. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I would urge op-position to this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when the Energy and Commerce Committee took up this issue in its broadest form, we heard from the FDA Commissioner, we heard from patients, we heard from family members, and what we heard was that there are barriers in States that pre-clude these State laws from working. That is what the Government Ac-countability Office told us. They iden-tified two issues—liability and use of outcomes—as the two barriers as to why these laws passed in 38, soon to be 39, States. And in many cases—most cases, I would say—these laws have passed unanimously, with Republicans and Democrats back home supporting them, including in my own State. I think it was unanimous in both the house and the senate, all controlled by Democrats, in Oregon. We have listened to our constituents; we have observed what has happened in our States—great laboratories—and we are acting here today to allow those who have been given this wretched, wretched prescription that their life is about to end to have a chance and a choice. That is what we are doing today. We are overcoming the barriers that exist at the State level. We are doing it in a reasonable and thoughtful way that protects patient safety and creates this new alternative pathway for them. This is important legislation. It is not often in this body we get this op-portunity to make this kind of a change and provide chance and hope for those who see their loved ones dying before their eyes. I met with Jordan McLinn and his mother, Laura, earlier today. They have been incredible advocates for this cause. And they had just come from a meeting with Vice President PENCE , who, with the President, has been an extraordinary supporter of this effort. From his Bible, Jordan showed me the Parable of the Lost Sheep, which is one of his favorites. It is a parable he had shared with the Vice President. That Parable of the Lost Sheep tells us that not a single sheep should be lost, that the shepherd cares about them all. That same sentiment is what brings us here to right to try today. Every opportunity to save a life mat-ters, and every patient deserves that right to try. That is the legislation be-fore us today, Mr. Speaker. It is well conceived, it is well thought out, and it will make a difference in saving lives. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ and pass this legislation and give people a right to try. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5247. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.037 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1528 March 13, 2018 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4545, FINANCIAL INSTITU-TIONS EXAMINATION FAIRNESS AND REFORM ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1116, TAKING ACCOUNT OF INSTI-TUTIONS WITH LOW OPERATION RISK ACT OF 2017; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4263, REGULATION AT IM-PROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–595) on the resolution (H. Res. 773) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4545) to amend the Fed-eral Financial Institutions Examina-tion Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of depository institutions, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1116) to require the Federal financial institu-tions regulatory agencies to take risk profiles and business models of institu-tions into account when taking regu-latory actions, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4263) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to small com-pany capital formation, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM DISTRICT DIRECTOR, THE HONORABLE PETE AGUILAR, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from Teresa Valdez, District Director, the Honorable P
ETEAGUILAR , Member of Congress: 
Washington, DC, March 1, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for documents and a separate subpoena for testimony, issued by the Superior Court of California, County of San Bernardino. After consulting with the Office of General Counsel, I will make the determinations re-quired by Rule VIII. Sincerely, T
ERESA VALDEZ , District Director, Congressman Pete Aguilar. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 13, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 13, 2018, at 9:53 a.m.: That the Secretary of the Senate request the House to return the official papers to the Senate H.R. 1207. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
REQUESTING RETURN OF H.R. 1207, TILDEN VETERANS POST OFFICE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following privileged message from the Senate: 
In the Senate of the United States, March 12, 2018. Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to request the House of Representatives to re-turn to the Senate the bill (H.R. 1207) enti-tled ‘‘An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’.’’. Attest: J
ULIE E. A DAMS , Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the request is granted. There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 5247, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4465, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
TRICKETT WENDLER, FRANK MONGIELLO, JORDAN M
CLINN, AND MATTHEW BELLINA RIGHT TO TRY ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5247) to authorize the use of eligible investigational drugs by eligi-ble patients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible ill-ness, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 259, nays 140, not voting 31, as follows: 
[Roll No. 102] YEAS—259 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—140 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.039 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1529 March 13, 2018 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Courtney Davis (CA) DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vela Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
NOT VOTING—31 
Brady (PA) Capuano Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeSantis Doyle, Michael F. Gutie´rrez Hunter Issa Keating Kennedy Langevin Lieu, Ted Luetkemeyer Lynch Norcross Reed Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rush Scott, David Simpson Slaughter Tsongas Vargas Vela´zquez Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
b1855 Messrs. BERA, M
CEACHIN, Mses. CLARK of Massachusetts, EDDIE BER-NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. GALLEGO, Ms. BASS, Messrs. CLEAVER, RASKIN, and SCHRADER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. BROWN of Maryland, RICH-MOND, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-HAM of New Mexico, Messrs. COHEN and DELANEY changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds not being in the af-firmative) the motion was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
ENDANGERED FISH RECOVERY PROGRAMS EXTENSION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4465) to maintain annual base funding for the Upper Colorado and San Juan fish recovery programs through fiscal year 2023, to require a report on the implementation of those programs, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 392, nays 6, not voting 32, as follows: 
[Roll No. 103] YEAS—392 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—6 
Allen Amash Massie McClintock Rice (SC) Sanford 
NOT VOTING—32 
Brady (PA) Capuano Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeSantis Doyle, Michael F. Gutie´rrez Hunter Issa Keating Kennedy Langevin Lieu, Ted Lowenthal Luetkemeyer Lynch Marchant Norcross Reed Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rush Simpson Slaughter Tsongas Vargas Vela´zquez Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1903 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE THREE VICTIMS OF GUN VIO-LENCE AT THE VETERANS HOME OF CALIFORNIA-YOUNTVILLE (Mr. THOMPSON of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a very sad and heavy heart to ask that we stand for a moment of silence for three of my constituents who were murdered in an-other senseless act of gun violence, three women at the California Vet-erans Home in Napa Valley, California, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR7.015 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1530 March 13, 2018 
Yountville—a veterans home, the larg-est in the country, serving the most veterans in the country. This was a particular program de-signed to help Iraq and Afghanistan veterans who were coming home with serious problems. These three women got up every morning, they put on their clothes, they kissed their families good-bye, they walked out the door to do one thing and one thing only, and that was to help troubled veterans. And on Friday, they were murdered. They were held hostage and gunned down in cold-blooded murder. One more senseless act of gun violence. Mr. Speaker, I would like this body to recognize a moment of silence for Christine Loeber, the executive direc-tor of The Pathway Home program at the California Veterans Home in Yountville; Dr. Jennifer Golick, the clinical director and staff psychologist; and Jennifer Gonzales, the clinical psy-chologist with the San Francisco De-partment of Veterans Affairs, who was on assignment at The Pathway Home and was also pregnant. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.J. RES. 50 AND H.R. 60 Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as cosponsor on H.J. Res. 50 and H.R. 60. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. 
f 
THE SAVANNAH HOPE STILLBIRTH CHILD TAX CREDIT (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the author of the Savannah Hope Stillbirth Child Tax Credit Act, which would allow a one-time refund-able tax credit after the stillbirth in a family, the same amount that is given for the existing child tax credit. The bill is named after Savannah Schumacher, a baby that Steve and Jill Schumacher from Eden Prairie, Min-nesota, lost at 33 weeks. Mr. Speaker, families of stillborn children not only face medical ex-penses that aren’t always covered by insurance, but they face burial, crema-tion, and grief counseling costs that add up to be very significant expenses. Minnesota is among the States that have already enacted these credits at the State level. And while a tax credit can’t make up for the loss of a child, it does acknowledge that child’s exist-ence, even though he or she passed away before birth, and it will hopefully help support grieving families that have gone through the unthinkable. CONGRATULATING IMPACT CHRISTIAN TV NETWORK (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the country’s only African- American owned Christian television network, the IMPACT Christian TV network. Over the weekend, at Metropolitan Baptist Church in Newark, New Jersey, I joined IMPACT for the celebration of their launch onto the Altice family of programming. The launch is a big step for Altice and people across the Nation. The partnership between IMPACT and Altice means that the country’s only African-American owned and op-erated Christian television network will now reach more than 85 million homes around the world. As we have seen with the ‘‘Oscars So Black’’ movement and spotlight on in-equality in film and television, people across the country are demanding in-creased diversity in programming. IMPACT’s launch on Altice is an-other step in the right direction. It is a historic pairing that will bring diver-sity and ministry to millions of homes. I would like to point out that, in my district, the 10th Congressional Dis-trict of the State of New Jersey, I want to commend two local heroes for help-ing move this effort forward. I want to commend Reverend Dr. David Jefferson of Metropolitan Bap-tist Church and the IMPACT team, and Marilyn Davis and the Altice team for what they did to make this launch hap-pen. f 
THE TOMPKINS FALCONS ARE WINNERS (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, in 1898, the Katy school district opened. In those 120 years, no Katy team ever played in the Texas Men’s Basketball Champion-ship. The Tompkins Falcons have only been around for 5 years. Yet, 4 days ago, those 5-year-old Falcons led Katy to its first Texas 6A finals. They came up 1.1 seconds short, losing by 2 points in overtime. There is an old saying in Texas: You see the true character, the true heart of a team, in defeat, not victory. That means the Tompkins Falcons have the biggest hearts in Texas. The best example is the words of the Falcons star senior Jamal Bieniemy: ‘‘We still have life after basketball. We still have to wake up. We still have to breathe and live for each other.’’ I will close with words from Falcons head coach Bobby Sanders: ‘‘It was gratifying we got this far. I am proud of them.’’ Mr. Speaker, on behalf of 850,000 Tex-ans in Texas 22, I want to say: Darn straight, coach. Darn straight. b1915 AUSTIN BOMBINGS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as the senior member on the Judiciary Committee, I remember dealing with church bombings some few years ago. So I rise today to acknowledge my col-leagues in Austin and to express my sympathy for the bombing deaths that occurred with a nondescript package being left at the homes of African Americans and a Hispanic. I believe action is needed now, and I certainly thank law enforcement for engaging ATF and the FBI. But I think it was important that when the first bombing occurred, notice generally should have been made about non-descript packages at the homes of indi-viduals. We know the facts are not all in. The investigation is ongoing. However, the Federal Government can be of help to local law enforcement that I know is working hard. We want to be there for them. But it is important to take note, and I want my constituents to be aware, that nondescript packages, until this dastardly individual is found, please call the police in whatever juris-diction you are in in the State of Texas, and let’s hope that we can find this person as quickly as possible. Mr. Speaker, my deepest sympathy and prayers are with those who already lost their life. f 
LEGAL IMMIGRATION (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to commend and welcome President Trump to California, where, amongst other things, he is looking at the technology with which to control our borders, an obligation we have as a State, but more so as a country whose jurisdiction it is. We welcome legal immigration to our State and to our country, not illegal immigration or the other euphemisms that are used, undocumented immi-grants, what have you. Indeed, if we don’t have borders, we don’t really have a nation. So let’s get cracking on controlling our borders and having a legal immigration proc-ess. It is better for the immigrants, it is better for the security of our Nation, and it is better for its people. That is all it is about. It is really that simple. 
f 
EXPERIMENTAL DRUGS (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak against the Right to Try Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.046 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1531 March 13, 2018 
It sounds compassionate, but it only offers fake hope. An FDA process al-ready exists to allow terminally ill pa-tients to try experimental drugs at no charge. But the difference is that the proposal that we just voted on strips consumer protections and charges pa-tients. The FDA program receives about 1,000 requests each year and responds in a few days, often recommending changes to enhance safety for the pa-tient. Removing the FDA from the ap-proval process does not add value and could instead be detrimental. The bill would open up access to drugs after phase I trials, which are very small and, more often than not, unsuccessful. This bill allows pharma-ceutical companies to profit off of ex-perimental drugs that could ruin the quality of life that is left. This bill creates the wrong incentives and pushes care for the terminally ill in the wrong direction, which is why I join patient and consumer advocates in their strong opposition to this bill. This was under suspension and, there-fore, did not pass. I remain opposed to the bill. 
f 
FIRST FEMALE FIREFIGHTER (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding member of my community, Mary View from Ilion, New York. Mary recently made history by becoming the first fe-male firefighter in the Village of Ilion. Mary was raised in a family of fire-fighters. Her father, Ed View III, is cur-rently the deputy chief of the Her-kimer Fire Department; and her grand-father, Ed View II, also served in the Herkimer Fire Department and is now happily retired. As a young girl, she would spend a lot of time at the fire station. She remem-bers being in the car with her father when he would receive emergency calls, and she would be happy to join along with him to respond. Serving in the fire department is a bit of a legacy, as we described, for the View family. Mary always thought she would grow up to become a firefighter, and despite a brief time thinking she was going to take up a career in crimi-nal justice, the urge to become a fire-fighter was irresistible, and Mary ended up doing just that. Mary is not only making history, but also living her lifelong dream. She hopes to be an inspiration to all women who want to pursue the same career in the fire service. Mr. Speaker, please join me in con-gratulating Mary View on making his-tory as the first woman firefighter in the Village of Ilion. She is part of the next generation of women leaders, and I know she will do an amazing job. REMEMBERING OFFICER GREGORY JONATHAN CASILLAS (Mrs. TORRES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I report to you an incident that occurred the evening of March 9. Officers of the Pomona Police De-partment were involved in a short pur-suit that resulted in a 15-hour-long standoff. At the onset of that standoff, Officer Gregory Jonathan Casillas was killed in the line of duty. Officer Casillas was at the beginning of his career in law enforcement. He was a dedicated public servant. He was young, energetic, and honest. He never lost hope or sight of his dreams. Officer Casillas joined the Pomona Police Department in December of 2014, working his way up as a records spe-cialist, jailer, recruit, to his gradua-tion in 2017 from the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Academy Class No. 207. He died doing what he loved: serv-ing our community. He is survived by his wife and his 5- month-old and 4-year-old sons. Officer Casillas, your memory and spirit will live on. May you rest in peace. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ANGIE GOMEZ (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Angie Gomez. Angie visited Las Vegas on Oc-tober 1 for the Route 91 music festival. Angie is described by her friends as a natural-born caregiver. It was only natural for her to want to get certified as a nursing assistant, so she did. Out-side of caring for others, she loved the-ater and choir, participating in both throughout middle school and high school. Angie loved nothing more than to spend time with her two nieces, whom she adored. Friends and family remem-ber her as a team player who wasn’t afraid of being herself. She was fun-lov-ing, sweet, and had a great sense of humor. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Angie’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. ELLISON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, tomor-row is a very important day. Students in my district are walking out of school because they expect their lead-ers to do something about this problem of gun violence. For years, this body sadly has failed to act; and because we failed to act, our young people are act-ing tomorrow. Mr. Speaker, 2,808 people have died in 2018 already because of this scourge of gun violence. Why isn’t that enough for us to act? It is only March, and already we have almost 3,000 people dead. I guess that is not a surprise because at least 15,549 people died from gun violence in 2017 last year. Isn’t that enough? We know why this is going on: power-ful commercial interests in Wash-ington—gun manufacturers led by their lawyer, I guess the NRA—are pre-venting basic, commonsense ap-proaches to safety. You can’t even study it. The Centers for Disease Control is prohibited from studying gun violence. We don’t have enough resources to really make a true database so that you can find the peo-ple who are, in fact, legally prohibited from getting guns, so they sneak through the holes. There are many other problems. Now is the time, Mr. Speaker. We have to act with those young people who are walking out tomorrow. f 
NATIONAL K–9 VETERANS DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
IG-
GINS of Louisiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, in my pre-vious life, before Congress—I am a vet-erinarian in the practice for 30 years— I have had the pleasure of taking care of all of God’s creatures. It has been a privilege, a pleasure, and an honor. So much is going on in Washington and the world, and we hear a lot of bad things going on, so tonight we are going to do a Special Order honoring K–9 Veterans Day, March 13. This evening, my colleagues and I would like to take a moment and pay tribute to the thousands of working dogs that serve our Nation. They serve in the military. They serve in the fire department, the police department, and the Drug Enforcement Agency. They serve in your neighbor’s house next door to alert people of in-truders, maybe a fire, or finding a lost child. There is a group of people who do search and rescue only on a volunteer basis. These unsung heroes, our K–9s, serve our Nation in many ways. Their con-tributions to our neighborhoods, com-munities, towns, cities, States, and even Nation cannot be overstated. The biggest thank-you goes out to all of these K–9s serving our Nation’s mili-tary and working to keep the homeland safe both here and abroad, as well as our local law enforcement K–9s. To-night we honor you. Over the past few months, I have had the honor of getting to know the work-ing K–9s and their handlers that serve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.048 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1532 March 13, 2018 
Florida’s Third Congressional District. After great visits, demonstrations, dis-cussions—and I even had the experi-ence yesterday with our team in our district; I experienced the subdued tac-tics of these dogs, wearing protective gear, of course—I am convinced more than ever that these amazing animals and their handlers need support and recognition for the incredible work that they do. It is not just in north central Florida and northeast Florida. You can find these selfless heroes in all districts all across our great country. Whether it is checking the stadiums top to bottom, which, incidentally, yesterday, when we got to talking to the different sher-iff’s organizations, they said, at every Gator game at the University of Flor-ida, the dogs check the entire stadium. For those who have been to Gator Nation and seen our stadium there, it is a huge stadium, as all are, and they check it before every game, every bas-ketball game, every big venue, and these dogs are out there working to keep Americans safe. Whether it is checking, as I said, the stadiums top to bottom for explosives or narcotics prior to big sporting events or helping find a missing person or being there at just the right moment when an officer is in need of backup, these K–9s deserve to have their stories heard tonight. Tonight we celebrate National K–9 Veterans Day. My colleagues and I in-tend to do just that. While we celebrate their services tonight, I want to en-courage all Members to do what they can to support these K–9s, their han-dlers, and the departments they rep-resent. National K–9 Veterans Day began in World War I, when the most famous K– 9, Sergeant Stubby, shined a spotlight on the incredible working dogs and the value they bring to our national serv-ice. Brigadier General S
COTT PERRY is going to talk about Stubby more to-night, so I will leave that for him. b1930 In Vietnam, nearly 4,000 dogs ac-tively served, and in Iraq, these dogs were critical in sniffing out deadly IEDs. Since then, these dogs have served in our military and law enforce-ment, working hard to keep Americans safe. We owe not just today to these K– 9s, but a thanks every day for their service. To begin tonight, I would recognize the K–9 teams that serve in my home district and will share many of their stories here tonight. However, I want to start with one of my favorites from the Alachua County Sheriff’s Office. In December 2017, in the far northern reaches of rural Alachua County, a pre-vious victim of domestic violence and battery was walking out to meet detec-tives when she heard the voice of her assailant calling to her from the dark-ness. Terrified, she ran back inside, called 911, and deputies responded in an effort to catch the suspect with active warrants that included kidnapping and sexual assault. Deputy Sheriff Chris Drake and K–9 Rous arrived, knowing full well that the suspect had not only stolen the vic-tim’s car with a gun inside earlier, but dug a hole and buried himself to elude a helicopter searchlight and a floor camera the night before. With that in-formation, Chris and his dog, Rous, began to track the suspect. Lifting K–9 Rous over some fences and cutting their way through others, Deputy Drake and others continued following the suspect’s scent until, as Drake’s report reads: ‘‘Rous . . . still smelling human odor . . . ears forward, and staring intently . . . identified something lying in the water . . . the man stood up from the water . . . turned north into the woods and dis-appeared.’’ Continuing their track, K–9 Rous and Deputy Drake again found the suspect hiding in a separate swamp, with only his back exposed. That is not a good thing with a catch dog. When challenged, the felon fled again, and K–9 Rous was released to catch him. K–9 Rous ran into the water, swam briefly, and apprehended the suspect on the arm, enduring punches to the head and holding on until deputies could arrive and assist, placing the suspect in handcuffs for a trip to the hospital and then jail. These deputies and their K–9 partners are on the road every day, working 12- hour shifts, 24 hours a day, supporting every local law enforcement patrol task and providing mutual aid to our neighboring jurisdictions when called upon. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ), an-other veterinarian. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today is National K–9 Veterans Day. As a member of the Veterinarian Caucus, I rise to commemorate the service of our four-legged friends who assist our mili-tary and police force in keeping our Nation and our communities safe. Though the War Dogs program, or K– 9 Corps as it is commonly known, was first established during World War II, dogs have been assisting our soldiers since pit bulls were used for security during the Civil War. On March 13, 1942, the K–9 Corps was officially born and became imme-diately effective. Dogs were used in the Pacific theater, where it has been said that the Japanese never ambushed or made a surprise attack on a patrol led by one of these dogs. It is estimated that the Army employed 1,500 dogs in the Korean war and 4,000 dogs during the Vietnam war. With noses 100,000 times as sensitive as humans, our soldiers continue to use them today to sniff for bombs in places like Iraq and Afghanistan. One named Cairo was even used to sniff for bombs around Osama bin Laden’s compound during the raid to take him down. Just like soldiers, these dogs go through rigorous training to serve our Nation. Their courage, loyalty, and acumen have saved countless lives. We appreciate their service and the service of their trainers and the soldiers who use them on the battlefield. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, next I yield to the gentleman from my Pennsyl-vania, Brigadier General SCOTT PERRY , my good friend. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I also want to join my friends in honoring National K–9 Veterans Day. Every March 13, we commemorate the United States Army’s first K–9 Corps training program. While this pro-gram began in 1942, the history of our ‘‘best friend’’ engaging in training and combat with us extends well beyond that date. Today, we commemorate the iconic Sergeant Stubby. If you don’t know about Stubby, Sergeant Stubby was a brindle bull terrier mutt from New Haven, Connecticut. Stubby was adopt-ed by U.S. Army Private Robert Conroy, who stowed him away on a ship bound for France in the First World War, where his service was inte-gral to saving American lives. Stubby was allowed to join our soldiers on the front lines after he was discovered by Private Conroy’s commanding officer. Because Stubby rendered a salute to the commander, he was allowed to stay. While on the front, he was once in-jured during a gas strike and developed a unique sensitivity to the smell of chemical weapons used at that time. His sensitivity was used to alert sleep-ing troops to another gas attack. He rescued them on numerous occasions from an ill and very painful fate. Sergeant Stubby also thwarted a German spy attempting to map out the battlefield of the Allied trenches. He did that by grabbing onto the German soldier, biting him and subduing him until the American soldiers could ar-rive. Sergeant Stubby served in 17 sepa-rate battles during World War I. Pri-vate Conroy’s grandson, Curt Deane, recalled stories about Stubby: ‘‘My grandmother was always clear: he was a service dog. He gave the troops comfort . . . and support. He used to run through the trenches and warn them about gas attacks. He used to go outside of the trenches and into this sort of no man’s land between the U.S. and the German trenches and stand by soldiers who had been injured until the medics could come and get them.’’ Sergeant Stubby became a lifetime member of the American Legion and was recognized as the mascot of Georgetown University in the 1920s, where Private Conroy then studied law. In 1921, Stubby was awarded the Hu-mane Education Society’s Hero Dog gold medal and earned the honor of meeting General John ‘‘Blackjack’’ Pershing, the highest ranking service-member since General George Wash-ington, at that time. Sergeant Stubby died in Private Conroy’s arms on March 16, 1926. Today, Sergeant Stubby is set to be immortalized in an animated film 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.050 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1533 March 13, 2018 
premiering next month. That will be great for us all to see. His loyalty, bravery, and selflessness is the legacy for thousands of service dogs being trained at any given time in all branches of our military, as well as our local, State, and Federal law enforce-ment agencies. While we aren’t yet able to measure the exact number of lives saved by service dogs, one thing is certain: dogs really are a man’s and woman’s best friend. We are forever grateful and in-debted to these animals and applaud them, their handlers and caretakers for their tireless service and devotion to duty and showing us the true meaning of ‘‘battle buddy.’’ Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Pennsylvania, Briga-dier General S
COTT PERRY , for sharing that story. The attitude and loyalty of the dog is amazing, as well as the singularity of purpose in their drive and ambition. Like I said, yesterday, we got to ex-perience police K–9 dogs going after a victim. I was the victim. I had a glove on my arm. But we saw the intent and the way those dogs focus. They showed us a demonstration of sniffing out gun-powder. They hid it in a big room with all sorts of explosives. These dogs just go to task and don’t complain. I think there is a lesson we all can learn from. I thank the gentleman for his partici-pation and for his story. I look forward to that movie. It is funny how people say dogs can’t talk, but we know they do through their body language. That is why movies like that that highlight the actions of an animal, especially dogs, do so well. I know that will be a blockbuster. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ). Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for hosting this tonight for us to talk about the importance of these dogs. They are more than dogs; they are buddies to our men and women in uniform who have been fight-ing for America. Mr. Speaker, in the year 2000, I had the honor and the pleasure of meeting John Burnam, retired United States Army combat infantryman and dog handler during the Vietnam war. He approached me with the idea of a War Dog Memorial to honor our great K–9 veterans. John shared with me the impact that these animals had on him and his fel-low handlers in the sixties. They are forever emotionally grateful for their K–9 buddies. Through this relationship, as we began to work on a War Dog Memorial in 2007, which took several years, a ma-rine named Dustin Lee was killed in the Iraq war. John had written a story. He wanted me to read the story and then speak out and reach out to Gen-eral Regner, United States Marine Corps, and ask him to please retire this wonderful animal named Lex, a Ger-man shepherd, who had also been wounded with his master, and ask Gen-eral Regner to reach out to the Air Force to retire Lex. I want to read briefly the story that John had written and given to me. I will read five paragraphs from the arti-cle, ‘‘My Partner Dustin.’’ ‘‘I’m a U.S. Marine and the primary element of a two-member team trained to hunt and locate explosives. My part-ner and I trained as a team for many months honing our expertise to save American lives in the war on terrorism in Iraq. ‘‘It’s March 21, 2007, and I’m on the job in Fallujah, Iraq, when an enemy- fired rocket propelled grenade explodes in our midst. I’m blasted to the ground and stunned. My head is ringing and my body feels numb. My eyes can’t quite focus on anything. ‘‘My partner is lying next to me se-verely wounded and bleeding. I move to him and touch him, but he’s not re-sponding. I feel sharp pains in my side and back. I’m bleeding but deal with it and concentrate on comforting my partner and protecting him from fur-ther harm. ‘‘Everything’s happening so fast that I’m disorientated and confused. My senses pick up the lingering smell of burnt powder and smoke from the ex-plosion. I hear lots of American voices and heavy boot steps hurrying all around us. They reach our location and immediately attend to my partner, then carry him away. I’m separated from my partner for the first time. I’m not clear of thought, and then I, too, am carried way but to a different hos-pital. ‘‘I’m in a building lying on a table with lights above and people talking. Still dazed and confused, I hear a strange voice saying my name, ‘Lex.’ I gesture a slight reflex of acknowledg-ment. ‘Lex, you are going to be okay buddy. Just lay still. We are going to take care of your wounds, so stay calm okay, Lex?’ My eyes dart around the room searching for my partner, but he’s not there and no one can interpret my thoughts.’’ The partner died. I was called by John Burnam to read this story. I sent this story to General Mike Regner. I said: Mike, we need to retire this dog for the family. Mr. Speaker, the family lived in Mis-sissippi. I didn’t know them. This story, which I include in the R
ECORD , touched my heart. 
‘‘MYPARTNER DUSTIN ’’ (By John C. Burnam, December 21, 2007) I’m a U.S. Marine and the primary element of a two-member team trained to hunt and locate explosives. My partner and I trained as a team for many months honing our ex-pertise to save American lives in the War on Terrorism in Iraq. It’s March 21, 2007 and I’m on the job in Fallujah, Iraq when an enemy fired Rocket Propelled Grenade (RPG) explodes in our midst. I’m blasted to the ground and stunned. My head is ringing and my body feels numb. My eyes can’t quite focus on anything. My partner is lying next to me severely wounded and bleeding. I move to him and touch him but he’s not responding. I feel sharp pains in my side and back. I’m bleed-ing but deal with it and concentrate on com-forting my partner and protecting him from further harm. Everything’s happening so fast that I’m disorientated and confused. My senses pick up the lingering smell of burnt powder and smoke from the explosion. I hear lots of American voices and heavy boot-steps hurrying all around us. They reach our loca-tion and immediately attend to my partner, then carry him away. I’m separated from my partner for the first time. I’m not clear of thought and then I too am carried way but to a different hospital. I’m in a building lying on a table with lights above and people talking. Still dazed and confused I hear a strange voice say my name, ‘‘Lex!’’ I gesture a slight reflex of ac-knowledgement. ‘‘Lex! You are going to be okay buddy! Just lay still. We are going to take care of your wounds, so stay calm okay, Lex?’’ My eyes dart around the room search-ing for my partner, but he’s not there and no one can interpret my thoughts. Later, I’m released from the hospital and well enough to travel so they transfer me from Iraq to a U.S. Marine Corp base in Al-bany, Georgia. I really miss my partner, Dusty. I know something has happened to him because he would never have left me alone for so long. Yes, my name is Lex. I’m a seven year old German shepherd Military Working Dog, service number E132. My master and loyal partner is Corporal Dustin Jerome Lee, 20 year old U.S. Marine Corps canine handler from Quitman, Mississippi. I’m well dis-ciplined to my master’s commands and expertly trained to sniff out bombs and ex-plosives. Where’s my master, Dusty, my partner? No one can understand me but Dusty. Where’s Dusty? Iraq was to be my last combat tour before retirement. Dusty talked to me all the time about going home and adopting me. I sure do miss him. He is the best friend I’ve ever had. I love that crazy Marine from Mississippi! No one can measure the love and uncondi-tional loyalty I have for Dusty. I’d sacrifice my own life for him and he knows it. I just wish I could have stopped that RPG or pushed Dusty away from that powerful blast. It all happened in a blink of an eye and I didn’t see it coming until it was too late. Now I sit alone in my kennel-run waiting for the day Dusty shows up. The U.S. Marines are treating me very well. I get enough food and water and exer-cise each day. And the veterinarian comes by to examine my wounds on a regular basis. I just can’t sleep well at night. I wake up to every little noise and I think about Dusty. Where can that Marine be? The nights are long. The days turn into weeks. Still no Dusty! My wounds are heal-ing and my hair is growing back. The pain is still in my back but I can walk okay. I have a piece of shrapnel near my spine that the veterinarians avoid removing for fear of worse complications. I have spent twelve weeks in rehabilitation after my surgery and declared physically unable to perform in a combat zone. One of the dog handlers gave me a real good bath and grooming. I felt so refreshed because I was on my way to meet Dusty’s family. Maybe Dusty will be there waiting for me. When I arrived I sensed something was not quite right. Dusty wasn’t there and everyone was sad, but very happy to greet me. I then realized that I was attending Dusty’s funeral. Everyone showed up to pay their respects. Dusty is a real American hero and he was buried with full military honors. I was so proud to have been his last best friend and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.052 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1534 March 13, 2018 
partner. At one particular moment of total silence during the ceremony, I sniffed a slight scent in the air that was very famil-iar. It smelled like Dusty. I figured he sent me a signal that he knew I was there! I wagged my tail and moaned a sigh of grief that he would only hear and understand. I just about lost my tail in that horrible ex-plosion and the veterinarian fixed it so it still wags okay. I was greeted by the Lee family with joy in their hearts. The picture is of Dustin’s mom, Rachel, and me in church. It felt so warm and comfortable to be with my partner’s lov-ing family. I wanted to stay but I was es-corted away after the funeral and back to Al-bany, Georgia. What is going to happen to me now? Wait a minute! I was due for retirement, right? Why did the military take me to see Dusty’s family and not leave me there? I be-long with them in Mississippi not here in Georgia. The Lee family adopting me would not be too much to ask considering they will never again see their son, grandson, brother, neph-ew and friend. Adopting me will keep a big part of Dusty’s life alive for them and for me. I will enable Dusty’s family to experi-ence what he already knew about me. I loved and protected him everywhere we went and even on the battlefield in Iraq. It’s time the U.S. Marine Corps allowed Dustin’s family to adopt me. I’m not a young pup anymore, you know! I’m a senior of retirement age. I want to spend last years of my life with the Lee family. It’s where I now belong! It’s been eight long months since we buried my partner, Dustin, and all attempts by the Lee family to adopt me have failed. The Ma-rines have placed me back on duty training new recruits. My back bothers me some but I’m an expert on the job. It’s the recruits that have a lot to learn about keeping their eyes on me and understanding my body lan-guage. Dustin and I bonded as a team and our minds were always in sync. There has been a turn of events in my adoption. U.S. Congressman Walter B. Jones of North Carolina heard my story and imme-diately contacted the U.S. Marine Corps Commandant at the Pentagon in Washington D.C. requesting my urgent release. The Marines really showed off their com-passion for the Lee family and me too! They even dispatched a veterinarian to give me a complete final medical examination. I feel a sense of excitement I haven’t felt in a very long time. I even have a prance in my step! That’s a Christmas picture of me and Dusty in Iraq, December 2006. That’s me smiling with the Lee family and some of Dusty’s Marine pals at the funeral in Quitman, Mississippi, April 2007. The top Marine brass and the veterinarian signed the official papers saying I’m A-OK to be adopted. I got an honorable discharge from the U.S. Marine Corps on December 21, 2007, the anniversary day of Dustin’s death. I will be home with the Lee family for Christ-mas. That’s a picture of me greeting the Lee family at my retirement ceremony at the U.S. Marine Corps base, Albany, Georgia, De-cember 21, 2007. The news media was every-where! My adoption even made the nightly news on national television. I’m the first Ma-rine Corps combat veteran working dog to ever be retired to the family of a fallen Ma-rine. Dusty? I’m sure you had a lot to do with all this from heaven. And I can hardly wait to visit your room and lie down on your bed and sniff your boots and clothes. Living with your family will be like having you around again, Dusty! Always Faithful, L
EX(E132), German Shepherd, Military Working Dog, U.S. Marine Corps Veteran (Re-tired). Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I called him and I said: Mike, this family has lost everything, their son. They want Lex to retire and live out the rest of his life. He had shrapnel in his back. So, the Air Force agreed with Gen-eral Regner and retired the dog. That dog spent 8 years with the family of the marine who was killed. I went over to Walter Reed on a reg-ular basis during the Iraq war, and I never will forget a young Army guy who had lost his leg. He told me the story. He was a dog handler of a pla-toon and waiting for the dog to go out and sniff an IED. The dog goes out, finds the IED, and turns around and looks at the platoon. Then the IED ex-ploded. There are so many of these stories that it is hard to even get a record of them. b1945 In closing, I wanted to thank former President George W. Bush. He signed the bill to erect a War Dog Memorial at Lackland Air Force Base. John Burnam deserves so much credit. He got the private sector to pay for the memorial at Lackland Air Force Base. So the dogs that Mr. Y
OHOand others have spoken about tonight will never be forgotten. There is a memorial for them and the work they have done for this country. I want to say that, to me, of all the things—I have been in Congress 20 years—but when you touch a dog, you touch a child. These dogs have done so much to save the children who are now soldiers, marines, airmen, and sailors, to save those people from being killed by IEDs and the enemy. So, again, I thank Mr. Y
OHO very much for putting this together, and I thank God that we can always remem-ber that an animal is a gift from God as much as we are as human beings. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from North Carolina. And I love that story. That is a great story. What you touched on is the loyalty, the trust, the integrity of these work-ing dogs—not only in the work they do, but when they come back to the home—of what they do. It is uncondi-tional love and unconditional loyalty. We should take a lesson from that as humans, shouldn’t we? Mr. JONES. Amen. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I would like to tell a story from my district, and this deals with seizing the drugs and profits that arm criminals: As part of their regularly assigned du-ties with the Gainesville-Alachua County Drug Task Force, Sergeant Bryan Jones and K–9 Jerry responded to assist another agent with a traffic stop on Interstate 75. Despite a series of efforts by the suspect, like those seen on television to hide contraband in hidden compartments, K–9 Jerry couldn’t be fooled—locating nearly $100,000 in cash and over a kilogram of narcotics. It is just amazing how these dogs know what to do and they are so good at it. They smell things that we can’t even think about with their sen-sory perception. Another story is rescuing those that need our help: In February 2018, the Florida Highway Patrol contacted the Alachua County Sheriff’s Office after finding an abandoned vehicle along Interstate 75 near San Felasco Ham-mock Preserve State Park. It appeared as though the driver, diagnosed with a mental illness and having fled his home in south Florida, may have wan-dered into the park and its over 7,000 acres of forest, sinkholes, rattle snakes, ponds, alligators, and trails. Deputy Sheriff Lloyd O’Quinn and K– 9 Eins began tracking the subject through the woods until becoming physically exhausted in the heat. Dep-uty Sheriff James Riley and K–9 Knight, Deputy Sheriff Esau Bright and K–9 Rosco, Deputy Sheriff Chris Drake and K–9 Rous, and Sergeant Mi-chael Hurlocker and K–9 Havok all re-sponded and relieved one another with tracking throughout the park. After tracking and searching the wooded area for several hours, and with the help of the prison bloodhounds sent to assist from the Florida Department of Corrections, the driver was safely lo-cated and was provided the treatment he needed at an area hospital to the re-lief of his family and friends far away. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia, TOM G
ARRETT , a good friend of mine that served in our military in the Army. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), on this day when we honor dogs that serve honorably, just like the women and men who serve our country, for putting on this Special Order. Anyone who has ever had a dog un-derstands the depths of the bonds that can develop between human beings and their four-legged friends. I can remem-ber every single dog that we have ever owned. I can remember how each one died. I can remember being there when two died. I never had the discipline or the opportunity or honor to serve with the working dogs that defend not just our country abroad, but also here at home. But as I say, of my time in the military, I am not a hero, but I have gotten to meet some. In researching for this opportunity to honor those four-legged heroes and those with whom they work, I had the opportunity to read about some books: ‘‘Always Faithful,’’ a book about Ma-rine Corps working dogs by William Putney; ‘‘The Dogs of War’’ by Lisa Rogak; ‘‘War Dogs’’ by Rebecca Frankel; and ‘‘Sergeant Rex’’ by Mike Dowling, among the most highly com-mended; as well as ‘‘Unconditional Honor’’ primarily by Cathy Scott, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR7.019 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1535 March 13, 2018 
which recognizes the fact that those of you watching at home, and this R
ECORD , might not contemplate, and that is the role that dogs play, not just on the battlefield and in finding miss-ing people, and fighting crime here at home, but also when helping our serv-icemen and -women recover from wounds visible and invisible when they return to this country. Indeed, thousands of servicemembers, welcomed by a climate that is shifting as it relates to service dogs, take the definition of working dog beyond the battlefield and outside of the field of crime and punishment into bedrooms and living rooms, and they help our brothers and sisters heal from wounds that most of us, praise God, will never be able to imagine. As I think has been noted, at any given time, there are more than over 2,000 military working dogs with roughly 700 working overseas. These specially trained dogs can cost any-where from $5,000 to $30,000 to procure and train, and about 30 service dogs an-nually are killed in the line of duty. When I was in the military, we al-ways looked with admiration upon the individuals who had the decorations and the pins and an adornments that very few people would earn. One was HALO wings. That stands for high alti-tude low opening. That is when you jump out of an airplane so high that someone couldn’t possibly imagine that there might be someone inserting via this mechanism. Well, indeed, we have military dogs that insert this way, as well as strapped to their han-dlers via helicopter, and every other imaginable circumstance. In fact, as I look at history, the old-est documented accounts of dogs either being used as accoutrements to defend their people or accompanying their masters onto the field of battle are al-most 3,000 years old, and this is about as long as we can go back into docu-mented written history. But tonight, Mr. Speaker, I want to speak briefly about a personal friend and hero. In early 2006, Patrick Sheridan of the Louisa County Sheriff’s Office procured Magpie Electric Potential from a bloodhound kennel in New Jersey and began working very hard with what I believe was the second dog that Lieu-tenant Sheridan would train. In fact, Lieutenant Sheridan and his K–9 team have become so successful in working K–9 operations and scent tracking, spe-cifically, that they have tracked indi-viduals on multiple continents and in multiple nations. And over the course of Magpie Electric Potential’s, aka Maggie’s, 6-year career, she worked al-most 350 calls for service. In 2010 alone, her duties ranged from trailing breaking-and-entering sus-pects and suspects in violent crime cases to helping locate a missing 5- year-old child before that child suc-cumbed to the elements. On December 12, 2011, Maggie and Lieutenant Sheridan were not engaged in chasing down a drug dealer or find-ing some horrific individual and pre-venting them from visiting domestic violence on someone once too fre-quently victimized, but, instead, searching for an individual who had been reported missing and suicidal. I make this point to note that these dogs defend the people with whom they serve and the people of our commu-nities. On this occasion, Maggie, while trail-ing again on nearly her 350th working call, encountered a pit bull and ulti-mately was attacked and succumbed to her injuries. Her end of watch on De-cember 12, 2011, represents one of hun-dreds of working dog deaths just this century. I, too, commend former President Bush for the establishment and the use of private citizen dollars to do such of a War Dog Memorial and hope that we will see something similar done as it relates to those working dogs who de-fend us not in the military, but in law enforcement here at home, not only by pursuing and apprehending criminals, but also by finding missing children and those who might harm themselves. Mr. Speaker, I would commend to those viewing and to the Members of this body, when they find a dog handler or someone who had worked as a dog handler in the past, please say ‘‘thank you’’ for the dedication, time, and loy-alty that is, indeed, reciprocal and un-conditional because we need never fathom how many lives have been saved. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the good gentleman from Virginia. The gentleman brought up some great things there, the dedication of the han-dlers. Here we have got the Clay Coun-ty Sheriff’s Department with Diesel, a bloodhound that these guys are so dedi-cated with the dogs that they work with. It is unbelievable, the good they do, the search and the rescue that they do. And you brought up on Maggie how she had—the 350th working call that Maggie had performed for the people of our country. And this is something people don’t realize, the amount of calls these dogs go on and the amount of work that they do. The average lifespan or service of these dogs is anywhere from 7 to 9 years, and people wonder about the cost of the dog, the cost of a program. Yeah, it is expensive to keep these dogs, but what we have found is so many people out there who are good-hearted who realize the benefit of the working K–9 that they donate the cost of the dog. Many times the cost of the dog can run from $5,000 to $9,000 by the time you get it trained, and $4,000 to $5,000 a year to maintain these. And there is a lot of community help to make sure this gets done. Mr. Speaker, I will now talk about another dog at the Gainesville Police Department: Justice is a German Shep-herd that worked for the Gainesville Police Department starting in Sep-tember 2006. During his career, Justice was responsible for locating hundreds of—hundreds of offenders. He assisted several other agencies throughout his career to include the Florida Highway Patrol, the Alachua County Sheriff’s Office, the Putnam County Sheriff’s Of-fice, the University of Florida Police Department, the City of Alachua Po-lice Department, and the City of High Springs Police Department. Justice was credited with saving a life. The incident involved a suicidal person who had taken a deadly amount of prescription pills, left a suicide note, and walked off into the woods. After 2 hours of officers trying to locate the person, Officer Owens and Justice were called to the scene while off duty. Jus-tice was able to track and locate the person who was passed out by the ef-fects of the pill and clinging to life. EMS was called, and the person was taken to the hospital. Doctors stated that if the person was not located when they were, the medications taken would have, no doubt, ended in their death and another suicide. Justice received a lifesaving award through the department. On the last night of his career, Justice was called to locate a suspect that fled from an of-ficer who recognized him as a felony habitual traffic offender and a drug dealer. The officer tried to conduct a traffic stop on the vehicle being driven by the suspect. When the officer acti-vated his overhead lights, the suspect turned off his headlights, accelerated to a high speed, fleeing through a neighborhood. The officer did not pur-sue the vehicle. Another officer located the abandoned vehicle minutes later. A perimeter search was established. Office Charles Owens and Justice re-sponded to the scene. Justice began a track from the driver’s side door. The track led through several backyards and for several blocks. Justice’s track led into a wooded area where the sus-pect was located by Justice trying to conceal himself under a fallen tree. If not for Justice, the suspect would have eluded capture. Justice was sent to re-tire at the end of the shift, which ended at 4 a.m. He captured his last suspect just in the nick of time at 3 a.m. Offi-cer Owens took possession of Justice after his retirement, and they have been with each other since. Justice turns 15 on March 15 of this year and is still as active as he can be in his seasoned age. And I think, again, that is a model for all of us to follow. Another story, Mr. Speaker, K–9 dep-uty successfully talks down an armed suicidal subject: The Marion County Sheriff’s Office deputies responded to the 17,800 block of County Road 25 in reference to a domestic altercation. It was learned that the suspect battered and strangled a female victim. The sus-pect fled the area, just prior to the dep-uty’s arrival. K–9 Deputy Jeremie Nix and K–9 Drago tracked and located the suspect in a wooded area, at which time the suspect advised he was armed with a firearm and a knife and threat-ened suicide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.054 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1536 March 13, 2018 
b2000 Deputy Nix was able to create a dia-logue with the suspect and persuaded him to surrender peacefully. He did not have a firearm, but he was armed with a knife. The suspect was arrested and charged with domestic battery by strangulation and is being held in the Marion County Jail on $10,000 bond. During this standoff, Deputy Nix and K–9 Drago accidentally stepped into a yellow jacket nest and were stung over 20 times. K–9 Drago was taken to the veterinarian’s office to be checked out after the call, and he and Deputy Nix recovered and are back to work. Great job for everyone. The K–9 team locates burglar, recov-ers approximately $3,500 of stolen prop-erty: On the morning of Thursday, Feb-ruary 1, 2018, Marion County Sheriff’s Office deputies responded to Ernie’s Auction Center, located at 5305 South Pine, in reference to a burglary that just occurred. As employees were opening the busi-ness, it was observed that the front door had been forcibly entered and sus-pects were observed running through the inside of the business. Deputy Branden Donahue and his K– 9 partner, Tipster, and Deputy Nickolas Frost immediately tracked the suspect and located him within 30 minutes. During the track, two dif-ferent locations were found where the suspects were stashing stolen items from the business. The stolen property, valued at $3,500, was recovered and re-turned to the businessowner. People just don’t realize the acute sense that these dogs have and why they are so valuable. Another story is about Deputy Brian Litz. On February 7, 2004, Deputy Brian Litz and another deputy responded to the Pine Run subdivision in reference to a well-being check on a 74-year-old individual. When the deputies arrived at the house, the individual met them at the door with a handgun. Deputy Litz was attempting to pass under the front window of the home to get a better vis-ual on the individual with the gun. Un-known to Deputy Litz, this person was watching from the window, and he then shot and killed Litz. Today, a statue in honor of Deputy Litz and his K–9 stands proudly in Flor-ida’s capital. In a tragic twist, Deputy Litz’ call sign was Batman. Today, visitors of this statue at the Florida capital can find the Batman emblem on the bottom of his K–9’s foot. Just an amazing story and, again, a great example of the ability of these dogs and their success in helping out with people, whether it is the person in need, the lost individual, search and rescue, the drug dealer, and just people who want to do other people harm in domestic violence. I just want to briefly talk about dogs and handlers. The Putnam County Sheriff’s Office has five dogs: Aries, handled by Sergeant Randy Hayes; Judo, handled by Blaine Moody; Zeke, handled by Jerry Gentry; Halo, handled by Josue Garriga; and Putnam, named after the county, handled by Emmett Merritt. Bradford County Sheriff’s Office: Deputy Brandon Shoup and K–9 Grim. Ocala Police Department: Officer King and K–9 Zorba; Officer Burgos and K–9 Babbo; Officer Arnold and K–9 Sen-ior. The Marion County Sheriff’s Office, again, yesterday, we had the privilege of going down and presenting all the working dogs and their handlers with our Congressional Challenge Coin. As you can see, that dog looks rather well the way he is wearing that. At the Mar-ion County Sheriff’s Office, where we were yesterday, we got to have the demonstration on the catch dogs, or at-tack dogs, and we got a great dem-onstration. There are: Sergeant Daniel Trammell and K–9 Nitro; Deputy Alan Lee, who handles K–9 Zeus; Deputy Timothy Fretts with his dog, K–9 Robo; Deputy Colton Sullivan with his dog, K–9 Adelmo; Deputy Matt Bowers with K–9 Otow, which is named after a re-tirement village that donated the money for their dog; Deputy Jeremie Nix with his dog, K–9 Drago; Deputy Branden Donahue with his dog, K–9 Tipster; and as we just heard the story, Deputy Matt Hopper with K–9 Rambo. The Gainesville Police Department: Corporal Jeff Kerkau with his dog, K–9 Roo; Corporal Dylan Hayes-Morrison and his K–9 Ares; Officer Rob Rogers and K–9 Nero; Officer Ed Ratliff and his dog, K–9 Ace; Officer Josh Meurer and his dog, K–9 Ranger. And the Alachua County Sheriff’s Of-fice: Deputy Sheriff Lloyd O’Quinn and K– 9 Eins. We just heard a story about them. A Malinois working in patrol, narcotics, and tracking. Deputy Sheriff Esau Bright and K–9 Deacon, a Malinois working in patrol, narcotics, and trafficking. That is what a lot of people don’t re-alize. These dogs are trained in mul-tiple disciplines and just work their hearts out. Deputy Sheriff Mikell McKoy and his dog, K–9 Kaos, a Malinois working in patrol, narcotics, and trafficking. Deputy Sheriff Brian Ritter and his dog, K–9 Kolt, a Malinois working in patrol, narcotics, and trafficking. Deputy Sheriff Chris Griseck and his dog, K–9 Mack, a Malinois working in patrol, bombing, and tracking. Then there is Deputy Sheriff Bill Ar-nold and his dog, K–9 Wick, a Malinois working in patrol, narcotics, and traf-ficking. I think we are getting the point here of how valuable these dogs are. I would recommend to people, if you want to see the value and why we want to spend money and allow these dogs to be in our law enforcement, military, DEA, then watch demonstrations of these dogs and the acuteness of them. There is Deputy Sheriff Chris Drake and his dog, K–9 Rous, a Malinois working in patrol, bomb, and tracking. Sergeant Michael Hurlocker, who we heard the story of, and his K–9 partner, Havok, a Malinois working in patrol, bomb, and tracking. Deputy Sheriff Adam Diaz and his dog, K–9 Shiloh, a Labrador Retriever working with the Drug Task Force. Sergeant Bryan Jones and K–9 Jerry, a Malinois working with the Drug Task Force. And then there is Sergeant Nigel Lowe and K–9 Zoey, a mixed breed working narcotics detection in our schools; and K–9 Malzi, a Malinois just joining the sheriff’s office as a gun de-tection dog in our schools. It is interesting, after the Parkland shooting on February 14, we had a roundtable of law enforcement, county sheriffs, city police chiefs, superintend-ents, school resource officers, and one of the things that came out of there is how the resource officers in our schools act as a deterrent for a lot of the kids. They are there. They see a person of authority. One of the sheriffs brought up what I thought was a great suggestion that a lot of people also thought was a great suggestion, and that is a dog that can detect gunpowder in our schools. Let them tour the schools, let them show what the policemen can do beneficially to all of us. It is a shame that we are in a time in society where we have to worry about guns going off in school, but until we rectify the underlying cause of that, I think we need to do what we can to keep our schools safe so our kids feel safe going to school. I just want to end with this picture. Again, this is the Clay County Sheriff’s Office with their dog, Diesel, who proudly took our Congressional Chal-lenge Coin. Mr. Speaker, I want to give a shout- out to all the offices that participated and shared stories with us. We are proud of them. We are proud of their K– 9s. I don’t want to say we are more proud of the K–9s than we are of them, but we are proud of all of them for the work that they do to keep us safer as citizens of the Third Congressional Dis-trict, but also around the country and around the world. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
STANDING UP FOR THE UNBORN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) for 30 minutes. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to be recognized to ad-dress you here on the floor of the United States House of Representa-tives. I would say in defense of the K–9 Corps—and I appreciate the presen-tation delivered by Dr. Yoho and my great friend from Florida, who gets common sense right in this Congress— that I am a fan of the K–9 Corps. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.057 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1537 March 13, 2018 
I am also a fan of the ‘‘benign corps.’’ And I want the ‘‘benign corps’’ to be thinking about what that means. It is not just a bingo game, but it is bingo for a cancer patient. So when you get the diagnosis of K–9 or benign, I am taking benign over K–9 because that is the thing that we celebrate more than anything else, is that lease on life, that if it goes 5 years, you are cancer-free. Benign cancer-free for 5 years, that gets the job done. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for standing up for the K–9 Corps, and I am now going to stand up for the ‘‘un-born corps.’’ Mr. Speaker, I came here to the floor to speak this evening about this Nation and about a nation that has granted to its Supreme Court—sometimes just be-cause we weren’t paying attention or we didn’t have the confidence of our convictions—I suppose there was a time when Americans were no better informed on constitutional principles than we are today. Over 216 or so years, we have had this experience of accept-ing the idea of Marbury v. Madison, a Supreme Court decision that over time, with accumulated decision by decision rooted back in Marbury, that the Su-preme Court of the United States was the final word on what the Constitu-tion says. The Constitution doesn’t say to the Supreme Court that they have the final word. Instead, it is court precedence, case precedence, that laid the founda-tion in about 1802 that has been built upon ever since. The longer we accept the tradition of a Supreme Court decision being the final decision on what the Constitution says, the more deeply ingrained is the commitment to that decision and the less our Constitution itself means and the more the traditions of the accept-ance of a decision of the Supreme Court means. So here we are today. Mr. Speaker, if people aren’t quite understanding what that means, I would describe it a bit of another way. There is a practice in this country called birthright citizenship. There is nothing in the Constitution that requires that a baby born in the United States is an automatic citizen. In fact, the 14th Amendment to the Constitution, ratified in 1868, says: ‘‘All persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the juris-diction thereof, are citizens of the United States . . . . ‘’ Well, in post-Civil War, they knew what they were doing. They didn’t think we would confuse it over the years the way we have, but they want-ed to make sure that the babies born to the newly freed slaves as a result of the Emancipation Proclamation and the Civil War would be American citizens. They expected that those babies born to the former slaves would be full- fledged citizens with all the rights of citizenship bestowed upon them as those created in the image of God, just like everyone else. But what happened was, even though the amendment was there that said all persons born in the United States and subject to the juris-diction thereof are American citizens, over time, in the latter part of the 19th century, they began to bestow citizen-ship on any baby born in the United States. And it wasn’t successfully chal-lenged, neither is any case on point in all of the full history of the litigation that has taken place that has found its way to the Supreme Court. There is no on-point precedent case that deter-mines that the Constitution requires that a baby born in America be auto-matically an American citizen, but the practice has prevailed. The practice has prevailed along the way that a baby born on U.S. territory, with certain exceptions, is an Amer-ican citizen, even though the Constitu-tion doesn’t require it, because the ‘‘subject of the jurisdiction thereof’’ clause that is in there meant a number of things. First, that meant loyalty. Where is your allegiance. There were Native American Tribes— called Indian Tribes at the time and still today—that if the children born on that reservation were American citizens automatically, they were auto-matically removed from membership in the Tribe. So the folks who drafted the 14th Amendment wanted to exempt them. That is one of the reasons they inserted the clause, ‘‘subject to the ju-risdiction thereof,’’ because the alle-giance of those born on reservations wasn’t viewed to be equivalent to that of those born in the other territorial areas of the United States of America. Then, of course, they wanted to ex-empt the children born to ambassadors, the children born to diplomats, the children born to their staff. Could you imagine if there was an in-vading army and babies were born to the folks who followed along on that army, that they would be American citizens? No. They weren’t subject to the juris-diction thereof. They didn’t owe their allegiance to the United States. It was clear they owe their allegiance to other foreign princes and potentates, to bor-row a phrase from the naturalization oath. So the clause, ‘‘subject to the juris-diction thereof,’’ exempted those who were not obligated to owe allegiance to the United States, but the practice per-sisted. It persisted to this day. In fact, some years ago, about a decade ago, we had hearings. In those hearings, the re-search, at least the testimony, said that somewhere between 340,000 and 750,000 babies were born in the United States where both parents, the mother and the father, were illegal, yet they have been bestowed an automatic citi-zenship. b2015 And it has created this birth tourism where, back during that testimony time—now the price has surely gone up—if there is a pregnant mother in China, she could buy a $30,000 ticket to fly into the United States, be smuggled into the United States, get her OB care, live in an apartment next to the hospital, deliver the baby, and have that little baby’s feet stamped on the birth certificate. And that little birth certificate made that baby an Amer-ican citizen. Then they loaded the baby up and flew the mom and baby back to China, and 18 years later that baby could begin to petition to bring in the family reunification plan. That is how a practice gets started that hasn’t been successfully blocked because of litigation that would go to the Supreme Court with a decision made based upon justice. So this situation persists. Three- quarters of a million babies a year, or more—I mean, the entire population of the Dreamers, every single year—born in America to illegal parents, granted automatic citizenship and the ability, once they reach of age, to begin the family reunification process and bring in the whole kit and caboodle of family into America and start them on a path to citizenship. What kind of nation would do that? A nation that is steeped in a prece-dent of habit—a bad habit—that per-sists in delivering a policy that is not constitutional but rooted in a murky understanding of what the Constitu-tion actually says; I wouldn’t say a dis-honest, but a misunderstanding of what the Constitution actually says. So that, Mr. Speaker, I think sets the foundation for the decisions on Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton and Planned Parenthood v. Casey and a number of Supreme Court precedents that built us up to this situation that we have today. And I am speaking of abortion in America, abortion on demand in Amer-ica, babies who have a chance to live outside the womb being killed because they are inconvenient. They may be, at the time, not wanted by the mother. We are seeing data that shows that a significant percentage of mothers who have abortions are coerced into that by the biological father who doesn’t want to carry that responsibility. And what is this based upon? Supreme Court precedents that are— looking back on it, how did they ever build to the position that we are in today? Back in the sixties, there was a case known as Griswold v. Connecticut. That case was one where a family in Connecticut, a husband and a wife—I don’t know if they were parents—want-ed to be able to buy contraceptives. And because of the Catholic influence in Connecticut, they had outlawed con-traceptives in Connecticut. So they went to the Supreme Court, the Griswolds, and said: We have a con-stitutional right to purchase contra-ceptives. It is not the business of the State legislature to tell us that we can’t purchase contraceptives. We want to take care of our own reproductive rights by managing our contraception. So the Supreme Court stuck their nose in what should have been a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.058 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1538 March 13, 2018 
States’ rights issue and came down with a decision that created, manufac-tured out of emanations and penum-bras—not even whole cloth, but the imagination that there was some cloth there to manufacture it out of—the right to privacy. The Supreme Court concluded that the right to privacy would guarantee the privacy for the Griswolds to be able to purchase con-traceptives even though the State of Connecticut said it is against the inter-ests of the people in the State of Con-necticut that we control birth through contraceptives. That was their decision in Con-necticut. If people wanted to vote with their feet, they could have left Con-necticut. But, instead, the United States Supreme Court decided they had the power and the authority to manu-facture a whole new right that doesn’t exist in the constitution, a right to pri-vacy; and a right to privacy guaranteed the ability for the married couple to purchase contraceptives. Well, that was sometime in about the mid-sixties, and not very long after that the Eisenstadt case came up. It was this: An unmarried couple said: Why are we excluded? We have the same constitutional rights as the mar-ried couple has. If they have a right to purchase contraceptives because they have a right to privacy, unmarried peo-ple have also a right to privacy. So the Supreme Court decided: We had started down the slippery slope and had granted this right to privacy and a right to purchase contraceptives and keep the government out of the private lives, especially the reproductive lives, of people, consenting adults. How can we deny the unmarried couple the man-ufactured constitutional right that we have always granted to the Griswolds? So the Griswold case became the Eisenstadt case, and the non-married couples had the same rights as the married couples. Along came 1973. Two cases came be-fore the Supreme Court: Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton. Roe v. Wade took that concept of a right to privacy that was manufac-tured, not out of the Constitution, manufactured out of thin air—out of the emanations and penumbras, which means in the shadows of, where the text of the Constitution is—and they decided that a woman had a right to abortion, and it was an inherent right rooted in a right to privacy: You have a right to a contraceptive. You have a right to put an end to the life of that innocent, unborn baby under the same standards of privacy. Who gets to take the life of a baby, or a child, or a young adult, or a ma-ture adult, or a senior adult? Who gets to do that by saying, It is only my business; I control that; it is my right to privacy? But the Supreme Court concluded ex-actly that. But they did say that it could only happen in the first tri-mester. But the simultaneous case that came down was Doe v. Bolton. And in the Doe v. Bolton case, they gave excep-tions, Mr. Speaker, and said: Well, we are going to restrain this right to an abortion that we have created and manufactured in Roe v. Wade; but we really can’t say that if the woman has danger to her life, she shouldn’t be able to get an abortion. Sure. We will give her the right to abort her baby if it risks her life. How about if it risks her health? What if it damages her health? What if it affects her psychological health? What if her familial relationships are going to be upset if she doesn’t abort the baby? In other words, what if a young lady doesn’t have a husband and it would be disturbing to her family for her to have the baby? We want to give her the right to abort the baby because it would upset her familial health, her family life. And, of course, if it affects her eco-nomically and it affects her psycho-logically, it might affect her familial life as well. So if it affects her econom-ics, her psyche, her physical health, risks her life, then abort the baby. She has a right for all that. So when you take them together— Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton—it was abortion on demand, manufactured by the Supreme Court of the United States, Mr. Speaker, not written into the Constitution, but pulled out of the emanations and penumbras, the shad-ows of, that little shadow around the cloud out there that maybe we can’t see it because we are just laypeople with normal perceptive abilities. We might have the best eyesight. We could have 20/20 vision. Well, we could even have 20/20 rear vision to see what is going on, but the Court put on their black robes, they looked up at the sky and they decided: We know what is written in that place around the edges of the clouds in the emanations and pe-numbras. We know that it is there be-cause we want it to be there. And we can’t read it exactly into the language in the Constitution, but we want it, we see it, and we are going to shape soci-ety around it. And they did. And they came down with the Roe v. Wade decision and the Doe v. Bolton decision the same day: January 22, 1973. Abortion on demand. And how many of us at that time knew what that would mean, Mr. Speaker? How many of us understood the devastating debacle that was served up to the American people? I remember those times. I remember those years. Marilyn and I were mar-ried in 1972. As we looked around at our friends, our contemporaries, there were young couples who were getting start-ed and starting with their families at the time. We knew a decision came down, but we had no idea how bad it would be; and no one in 1973 would have predicted that, 45 years later, we would have experienced 60 million abortions in the United States of America, 60 million babies whose precious lives— perfect little babies, little babies cre-ated in God’s image. No one would have expected that there would be 60 million on the conscience of America. No one would have expected that we would hear the business community clamoring for labor saying: We don’t have enough people to go to work in America; we have to go to foreign countries and bring in millions of peo-ple to do this work. Nobody out here is even doing the math to say: What happens when 60 million babies are gone, ripped out of the generations over the last 45 years? What does that do to society? What does it do to our economy? What does it do to our mortality, the conscience, the guilt of America, the sins on the soul of the United States of America? What does it do to all that? But what does it do also to the next generation and the next generation? What about the guilt that is carried by the people who stepped in and took the advice of Planned Parenthood and de-cided it really isn’t a life and there aren’t any repercussions—I can be free of the burden of raising a child that I had not planned to raise and walk away and life will be fine again? What has happened to the people who bought into that story? What has hap-pened to the—let’s just say—family force, the workforce of America? Sixty million babies ripped out of America, ripped out of the womb, ripped apart out of the womb, ripped out of America. Sixty million babies. Forty-five years. Mr. Speaker, if you do a back-of-the- envelope calculation and you think, of those little girls who were aborted, many of them would be mothers again today, would be mothers by now—and I did a back-of-the-envelope calculation, and I will say that I just figured that, if each little girl that had been aborted since 1973, in those years that they would be of reproductive age—and some of them wouldn’t be of that age yet; but if each of those who would be had had three babies, as Marilyn and I have had, that is another 60 million ba-bies. Sixty million. So now the hole in our society is 60 million babies plus another 60 million babies: 120 million Americans. You could dial it down a little bit. You could say, well, they aren’t going to average 3. That is probably true. They could average maybe 2
1⁄2or a little bet-ter. If you take the 120 million and you dial that down a ways—I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, what the population of America was 100 years ago. Let’s pick the 1920 census. Mr. Speak-er, 106 million Americans was the total population of the United States of America in the census of 1920, which comes up in a couple of years. It will be a century in a couple of years. 106 mil-lion Americans. That is how many we are missing today, all of that many ba-bies, all of that many million devel-oped adults, young people who would have lived, loved, learned, laughed, played, raised families of their own, gone to school and gotten educated, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.060 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1539 March 13, 2018 
started businesses, created jobs, im-proved the quality of life of all of us, enriched our lives. The love that would flow from over 100 million babies growing up in Amer-ica who were denied the right to life, the right to live, and were taken from this world before they ever had a chance to fill their own lungs with air and scream for their own mercy, that is the burden that America is carrying today. Mr. Speaker, when that day comes that abortion is over in America and we respect and we revere life again, as it once was and one day ever shall be, when we reach that point, that doesn’t mean that America is absolved from this sin on our Nation. What it really means is we can begin to put our pieces back together and build a history and a legacy of a love and a respect and a reverence for life. All life. Life from the moment of fertilization until nat-ural death. b2030 By the way, that life, from moment of fertilization till natural death, is the mission statement of the National Right to Life. The National Right to Life’s mission statement—and I am not reading it; I am going from memory, so if I miss a word—says they are dedi-cated to protecting life from the begin-ning of life until natural death. I embrace that mission statement. I embrace that ideology and that philos-ophy that shaped that mission state-ment for the National Right to Life, the country’s oldest and largest pro- life organization. But I did ask the question: How do they define the begin-ning of life? I looked down through their website, and it is defined from fertilization. Life begins at fertilization. That is the mis-sion of National Right to Life, and we agree. I applaud that position, and I ap-plaud the work that they have done over the last more than 45 years, be-cause they formed themselves before Roe v. Wade, I believe, 1968. So they should be applauded for the work that they have done over the years. But National Right to Life is married to a concept of incrementalism; and when you read through the statements, the testimony that they have sup-ported before various State legisla-tures, the positions that they have taken, Mr. Speaker, become—and as I have done, sat down and talked with their leadership and tried to convince their leadership to be stronger, more bold, the same answer came back from each one of them that I talked to at National Right to Life, and it is this: they are committed to doing what can be done around the edges. The Supreme Court has built a fence around what they call a right to abor-tion. There is no right to abortion. There is no constitutional right to abortion. It is manufactured, as I said earlier. But National Right to Life, the Na-tion’s oldest and largest pro-life orga-nization, has built a fence around the Supreme Court decisions, and they are working with incrementalism to try to get as close to that fence around the Supreme Court decisions as they can without being reversed by a decision of the Court. That is their strategic approach, and they have been granted a de facto veto power to any legislation that would come to the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives that doesn’t have their support. I said ‘‘de facto.’’ That is the net result of it. In fact, that is the re-sult of it. So we have 170 cosponsors on the Heartbeat Protection Act, the piece of legislation that says, before a doctor can perform an abortion, commit an abortion, he must first check for a heartbeat, and if a heartbeat can be de-tected, the baby is protected. We know, if there is a beating heart, there is life. And if there is a beating heart and you go in and stop the beat-ing of that heart, you have ended that life. The most innocent lives that there are are those unborn little babies; and if there is a heartbeat that can be de-tected, the baby must be protected. That is the bill. That is the Heartbeat Protection Act. But National Right to Life doesn’t support, and they say it this way, Mr. Speaker. National Right to Life, they say: National Right to Life does not oppose the Heartbeat bill—does not op-pose—which is a little bit of semantics, Mr. Speaker. So I struck through the ‘‘does not op-pose,’’ and I will put it there in exactly the same meaning: they do not sup-port. If you are the National Right to Life and you are committed to protecting life from the moment of fertilization till natural death, how do you not step up to support the Heartbeat bill that protects babies? From the moment a heartbeat can be detected, the baby is protected. The rationale is: our strategy is not here on Heartbeat; their strategy is try not to ever challenge the Supreme Court of the United States. So how can we have the Nation’s old-est and largest pro-life organization that is entrenched in a philosophy and a legislative strategy that says that they are never going to challenge the Supreme Court of the United States? If you are not going to challenge the Su-preme Court of the United States, then it is on your head and on the con-science of anybody, not just National Right to Life, but anybody who says: I am not willing to challenge the Su-preme Court of the United States; I am not willing to challenge Roe v. Wade, Doe v. Bolton, or Planned Parenthood v. Casey. Then you are de facto accept-ing the idea that there will be—no, ac-cepting the actual reality of a million abortions a year, as far as the eye can see. This language here that says the Na-tional Right to Life does not oppose the Heartbeat bill, I say they do not support the Heartbeat bill. Both state-ments are true, but opposing chal-lenging the Supreme Court decisions of Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton guaran-tees a million abortions a year as far as the eye can see over the horizon of his-tory and out of sight, a million a year. We have seen 60 million abortions in the United States of America in the last 45 years. This ratio that we are on today, if the population doesn’t grow and if the ratio stays the same, and it sure looks to, unless we do something, we are looking at a million a year and, 45 years from now, another 45 million abortions. In another 15 years, we are back another 60 million, and then it is 120 million babies, and we know how that works. Then those babies not born to the mothers who would have been giving birth to them, you can double the num-ber again. But already we are missing the entire population of the United States of America of 100 years ago as a result of the abortions since 1973. This Nation must step up to the moral principle that every human life is sacred. They are sacred in all of their forms. In fact, Governor Bob Casey, Democratic Governor of Penn-sylvania, since passed away, God rest his soul, said: ‘‘Human life cannot be measured. It is the measure, itself, against which all other things are weighed.’’ Well, I am prepared and at least 170 House Members are prepared to go to the Supreme Court again if challenged. Pass the Heartbeat bill out of the House. Pass it out of the Senate. Send it to the President’s desk. The Presi-dent will sign it. The other side, the pro-abortion people, will litigate it, and it will end up in the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court needs to decide are they going to reflect and honor life. The 14th Amendment requires that we protect life, life over liberty; and, in fact, there are prioritized rights of life, liberty, and property in the 14th Amendment. In the Declaration of Independence, it is life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, but always life is number one, Mr. Speaker. Life is al-ways number one. This country must step up and defend human life. And I want to, from the floor of this Congress tonight, put a shout-out out in congratulations to the Iowa Senate, who moved a very similar Heartbeat bill by a vote of 30–20, passed it off the floor of the Iowa Senate with a 24-minute debate was all the longer it took, 24 minutes, and a 30–20 bipartisan vote came off the floor and got mes-saged over to the Iowa House of Rep-resentatives. There they are in serious delibera-tions today. I don’t know the results of those discussions. I left there last night with optimism that the Heart-beat bill in Iowa would come to the floor there soon, perhaps as early as next week. And should it pass, then it is likely to go to the Governor’s desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.061 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1540 March 13, 2018 
I do not have her public statement, but I will just say that I have con-fidence that Governor Reynolds will sign the Heartbeat bill if it gets to her desk. She is a solid, principled, clear- thinking leader who is also pro-life, Mr. Speaker. So we are doing the things that we can do to protect the lives that we can protect, but it is not good enough to play a perpetual strategy of incrementalism. Incrementalism of a little bit here, a little bit there, try this, try that, what has it done for us? It has saved a few lives, it really has, and every life is precious and worth saving, but it is not good enough. It is not good enough to accept the idea that we are going to see a million ba-bies aborted in America every year as far as the eye can see. So that is why the House of Rep-resentatives needs to get the Heartbeat bill to the floor where I believe the votes are there for it to pass. National Right to Life needs to lead, follow, or get out of the way. Right now, the number one entity in the entire United States of America that is holding the Heartbeat bill off the floor of the House of Representa-tives is right here, the Nation’s number one pro-life organization, the National Right to Life. Justice Kennedy has announced—it is announced, at least, and not by Justice Kennedy yet, that he is likely to retire midsummer. We will have a pro-life Court by September, and it is time to move now. That is my message, Mr. Speaker, and I ask all of us to stand up and pro-tect innocent, unborn human life, and let’s start to cleanse, again, the soul of America. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today through March 16. Mr. D
EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of flight delay. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, March 14, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4219. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fed-eral Grain Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Fees for Official Inspection and Official Weighing Services Under the United States Grain Standards Act (USGSA) re-ceived February 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4220. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter authorizing three officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4221. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s March 2018 Chemical Demilitarization Pro-gram Semi-Annual Report to Congress, pur-suant to 50 U.S.C. 1521(j); Public Law 99-145, Sec. 1412 (as amended by Public Law 112-239, Sec. 1421(a)); (126 Stat. 204); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 4222. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Admiral Michael S. Rogers, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of admiral on the retired list, pur-suant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96- 513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104- 106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 4223. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Sean B. MacFarland, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4224. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting a report on the De-fense Production Act (DPA) Title III Fund for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 4534(f)(3); Sept. 8, 1950, ch. 932, title III, Sec. 304 (as added by Public Law 111-67, Sec. 7); (123 Stat. 2017); to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 4225. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s interpretation — Updates to Commission Guidance Regarding Ac-counting for Sales of Vaccines and Bioterror Countermeasures to the Federal Government for Placement into the Pediatric Vaccine Stockpile or the Strategic National Stock-pile [Release Nos.: 33-10403; 34-81429; IC-32785] received March 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4226. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the Office’s re-port on discretionary appropriations legisla-tion within seven calendar days of enact-ment, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 901(a)(7)(B); Pub-lic Law 99-177, Sec. 251(a)(7)(B) (as amended by Public Law 114-113, Sec. 1003); (129 Stat. 3035); to the Committee on the Budget. 4227. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for the Division of Regulatory Serv-ices, Office of General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final priorities and definitions — Secretary’s Final Supplemental Priorities and Defini-tions for Discretionary Grant Programs [Docket ID: ED-2017-OS-0078] (RIN: 1894- AA09) received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 4228. A letter from the Associate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Connect America Fund [WC Docket No.: 10-90]; ETC Annual Reports and Certifications [WC Docket No.: 14-58]; Rural Broadband Experi-ments [WC Docket No.: 14-259]; Connect America Fund Phase II Auction [AU Docket No.: 17-182] received March 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4229. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Electric Storage Participation in Markets Operated by Regional Transmission Organi-zations and Independent System Operators [Docket Nos.: RM16-23-000; AD16-20-000] March 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4230. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Essential Reliability Services and the Evolv-ing Bulk-Power System--Primary Frequency Response [Docket No.: RM16-6-000; Order No.: 842] received March 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4231. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to significant malicious cyber-enabled activities that was declared in Executive Order 13694 of April 1, 2015, pursu-ant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4232. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency with re-spect to Iran, originally declared on March 15, 1995, by Executive Order 12957 is to con-tinue in effect beyond March 15, 2018, pursu-ant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 115— 101); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 4233. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4234. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-02, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4235. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-79, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4236. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report on data mining activ-ity in the Department of State for calendar year 2017, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2000ee-3(c)(1); Public Law 110-53, Sec. 804(c)(1); (121 Stat. 363); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4237. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13MR7.063 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1541 March 13, 2018 
transmitting a determination for a draw-down under section 506(a)(2) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, to provide much-need-ed assistance to Iraq through USACE and their work at the Mosul Dam; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 4238. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifica-tion of an action on nomination, and dis-continuation of service in acting role, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4239. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel for Operations, Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 4240. A letter from the Executive Sec-retary, U.S. Office of Personnel Manage-ment, transmitting three (3) notifications on a notification of a federal vacancy, designa-tion of acting officer, nomination, and action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 4241. A letter from the Senior Regulatory Analyst, Office of Policy, Regulation and Analysis, Bureau of Ocean Energy Manage-ment, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Oil and Gas and Sulfur Operations in the Outer Con-tinental Shelf-Civil Penalties Inflation Ad-justments [Docket No.: BOEM-2017-0079; MMAA104000] (RIN: 1010-AD99) received March 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 4242. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0024; Product Identifier 2018-NM-002-AD; Amendment 39-19171; AD 2018-02-18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4243. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0707; Product Identifier 2016-NM-014-AD; Amendment 39-19185; AD 2018-03-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4244. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0076; Product Identifier 2013-NM-227-AD; Amendment 39-19194; AD 2018-03-21] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4245. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Textron Aviation Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0068; Product Identi-fier 2017-CE-049-AD; Amendment 39-19176; AD 2018-03-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4246. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Various Aircraft Equipped With BRP- Rotax GmbH & Co KG 912 A Series Engine [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1078; Product Identi-fier 2017-CE-038-AD; Amendment 39-19178; AD 2018-03-05] received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4247. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31178; Amdt. No.: 3786] received March 5, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4248. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31177; Amdt. No.: 3785] received March 5, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4249. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Multiple Air Traffic Service (ATS) Routes; North Cen-tral United States [Docket No.: FAA-2017- 1082; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AGL-22] re-ceived March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4250. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace for the following Missouri Towns; Cape Girardeau, MO; St. Louis, MO; and Macon, MO [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9559; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ACE-11] received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4251. A letter from the Management Pro-gram Analyst, FAA, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revocation of Class E Airspace; Pulaski, WI [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0818; Air-space Docket No.: 17-AGL-19] received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4252. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the report to Congress ‘‘Administering Section 113 of the Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strength-ening Families Act’’, pursuant to Public Law 113-183, Sec. 113(e); (128 Stat. 1929); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4253. A letter from the United States Trade Representative, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the 2018 Trade Pol-icy Agenda and the 2017 Annual Report on the Trade Agreements Program as Prepared by the Administration, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2213(c); Public Law 93-618, Sec. 163(c) (as amended by Public Law 100-418, Sec. 1641); (102 Stat. 1271); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4254. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations and removal of temporary regula-tions — Health Insurance Providers Fee [TD 9830] (RIN: 1545-BM52) received March 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 4255. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Presence of Certain Individuals in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or the United States Virgin Islands Under Section 937(a) Following Hurricane Irma or Hurricane Maria [Notice 2018-19] received March 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 4256. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the report to Congress, entitled ‘‘The Medicare Secondary Payer Commercial Repayment Center in Fis-cal Year 2017’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(h)(8); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1893(h)(8) (as amended by Public Law 109-432, Sec. 302(a)); (120 Stat. 2992); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4293. A bill to reform the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review process, the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test process, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–593). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 1093. A bill to require the Federal Railroad Administration and the Federal Transit Authority to provide appropriate Congressional notice of safety audits conducted with respect to railroads and rail transit agencies; with amendments (Rept. 115–594). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 773. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4545) to amend the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examina-tion of depository institutions, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1116) to require the Federal finan-cial institutions regulatory agencies to take risk profiles and business models of institu-tions into account when taking regulatory actions, and for other purposes; and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4263) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 with re-spect to small company capital formation, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–595). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. Mr. PAULSEN: Joint Economic Com-mittee. Report of the Joint Economic Com-mittee on the 2018 Economic Report of the President (Rept. 115–596). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B ARR, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13MR7.000 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1542 March 13, 2018 
BARTON , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. B
URGESS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. D
UNN, Mr. F ASO, Mr. H ILL, Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. I SSA, Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. B
UCK, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, and Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER ): H.R. 5247. A bill to authorize the use of eli-gible investigational drugs by eligible pa-tients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible illness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida (for him-self, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. C LAY, Mr. S
OTO, and Mr. B ILIRAKIS ): H.R. 5248. A bill to amend and enhance the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Pro-tection Act to improve the conservation of sharks; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FASO (for himself, Mr. S
EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. R UPPERSBERGER ): H.R. 5249. A bill to require the Secretary of Agriculture to submit a report to the Com-missioner of Food and Drugs on the use of a Federal standard of identity for olive oil, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FASO (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 5250. A bill to reauthorize the Rural Economic Area Partnership Zones Program through fiscal year 2023; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 5251. A bill to make demonstration grants to eligible local educational agencies or consortia of eligible local educational agencies for the purpose of increasing the numbers of school nurses in public elemen-tary schools and secondary schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. B UR-
GESS, Mr. U PTON , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan): H.R. 5252. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to authorize a grant to protect young athletes from abuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 5253. A bill to amend section 552(h) of title 5, United States Code, to require agen-cies provide records to the Director of the Office of Government Information Services; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5254. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study on the feasibility of expanding eligi-bility for enrollment in Medicare Advantage plans to individuals enrolled under the Med-icaid program or enrolled under a group health plan; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 5255. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a Depart-ment of Homeland Security Reserve Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself and Ms. NORTON ): H.R. 5256. A bill to direct the Attorney General to acquire data, for each calendar year, about sexual offenses, including rape, that occur aboard any mode of transpor-tation over which the Federal government exercises jurisdiction; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. DEMINGS (for herself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 5257. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to prohibit the expendi-ture of certain grant funds to purchase fire-arms, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 5258. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand eligibility to re-ceive refundable tax credits for coverage under a qualified health plan; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. EMMER (for himself, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Il-linois, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. F
ASO, and Mr. N OLAN ): H.R. 5259. A bill to amend the Food, Con-servation, and Energy Act of 2008 to reau-thorize the farm and ranch stress assistance network, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 5260. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 to direct the Secretary of En-ergy to carry out demonstration projects re-lating to advanced nuclear reactor tech-nologies to support domestic energy needs; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio (for himself and Mr. T
ONKO ): H.R. 5261. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for regional centers of excellence in substance use dis-order education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Mr. K
ING of New York): H.R. 5262. A bill to redesignate the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area as the Maurice D. Hinchey Hudson River Valley Na-tional Heritage Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Mr. K
ING of New York): H.R. 5263. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 40 Fulton Street in Middletown, New York, as the ‘‘Benjamin A. Gilman Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MCEACHIN (for himself, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 5264. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, provide grants to States to facili-tate the acquisition of land, water, and in-terests therein, made to substantially im-prove, preserve, or maintain water quality for an area in perpetuity, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5265. A bill to amend the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 to elimi-nate the applicability of such Act to the Dis-trict of Columbia; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mrs. W
AGNER ): H.R. 5266. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to make the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection an independent Financial Product Safety Com-mission, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California): H.R. 5267. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify the process for de-nying, revoking, or suspending a registration to manufacture, distribute, or dispense a controlled substance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself and Mr. P
OCAN ): H. Con. Res. 114. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the contributions of the public ele-mentary schools and secondary schools in the United States as an investment in our country’s future and expresses the position of Congress that public funds should be spent to strengthen public elementary and sec-ondary schools; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. EVANS (for himself and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania): H. Res. 771. A resolution honoring and rec-ognizing the 40th anniversary of Cheyney University’s historic, momentous, and epic 1978 NCAA Division II Basketball Champion-ship win; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ROKITA (for himself and Mr. G
OHMERT ): H. Res. 772. A resolution condemning Louis Farrakhan for promoting ideas that create animosity and anger toward Jewish Ameri-cans and the Jewish religion; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself, Mr. U
PTON , Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. B AR-
TON, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. D ONO-
VAN, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. B ACON , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. M
AST, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. K ATKO ): H. Res. 774. A resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4760) to amend the immigration laws and the homeland security laws, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida (for him-self, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. M AST, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13MR7.100 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1543 March 13, 2018 
CURBELO of Florida, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. S OTO, Mr. G
AETZ , and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida): H. Res. 775. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of March 11, 2018, through March 17, 2018, as National Women Veterans Recognition Week; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. NORCROSS: H. Res. 776. A resolution expressing support for designation of the first Saturday in Octo-ber as ‘‘National Animal Rescue Day’’ to cre-ate awareness of the importance of adoption, educate on the importance of spaying and neutering animals, and the encouragement of animal adoptions throughout the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. N
EAL, and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H. Res. 777. A resolution strongly reaffirm-ing support for the Good Friday Agreement, urging the British and Irish Governments to vigorously implement certain aspects of the Agreement, and urging the Secretary of State to appoint a Special Envoy for North-ern Ireland and to continue to promote full implementation of the Agreement; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. TENNEY (for herself, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. F
ASO, and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York): H. Res. 778. A resolution honoring Erin Hamlin of Remsen, New York, for proudly representing the United States in four con-secutive Winter Olympic Games; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 5247. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida: H.R. 5248. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. FASO: H.R. 5249. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution [Page H132] By Mr. FASO: H.R. 5250. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution [Page H132] By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 5251. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5252. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H.R. 5253. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5254. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 5255. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 5256. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 5257. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 5258. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 5259. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 5260. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S.C. Art. I, Sec. 8 Cl. 18 By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.R. 5261. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5262. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5263. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 8 By Mr. M
CEACHIN: H.R. 5264. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5265. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 5266. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 5267. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To...make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 291: Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 394: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 502: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 592: Mr. G
ARRETT , Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, and Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 785: Mr. L
ABRADOR and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 824: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 845: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 846: Mr. B
UCSHON and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 911: Mr. P
OSEY , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 959: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1017: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 1057: Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. R
ICHMOND , and Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 1102: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1243: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. T IPTON , and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1267: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. G
OHMERT , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 1291: Mr. D
OGGETT , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. D
INGELL , and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 1444: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. B RADY of Texas. H.R. 1612: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1617: Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. A MODEI , and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1663: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 1666: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1772: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1828: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1832: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 1850: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1876: Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. D UNCAN of Ten- nessee, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 1889: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1903: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 1928: Mr. R
USSELL and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 1953: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 2004: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 2050: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 2077: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 2212: Mr. C
ULBERSON and Mr. D OG-
GETT . H.R. 2225: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 2285: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 2290: Ms. B
ASSand Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 2293: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 2315: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California and Ms. C
HENEY . H.R. 2322: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 2589: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2598: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 2599: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 2633: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2652: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 2740: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey and Mr. W
ALDEN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13MR7.100 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1544 March 13, 2018 
H.R. 2829: Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 2856: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 2913: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2943: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3011: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3107: Mr. K
HANNA and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 3197: Mr. C
RIST, Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 3265: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3272: Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. M UR-
PHYof Florida, and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H.R. 3415: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3528: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. J ENKINS of Kan- sas, Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 3605: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 3642: Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. H UIZENGA , and Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 3654: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3738: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3742: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3751: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3767: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 3871: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 3894: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3913: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 3940: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3941: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3976: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. B IGGS, and Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 3994: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3996: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4024: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4083: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 4099: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mr. R
OSS, Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. S HER-
MAN, and Mr. K IND. H.R. 4192: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 4223: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. M AST, Mr. M ITCHELL , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S IRES, and Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN . H.R. 4229: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4253: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4256: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. M
AST, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 4265: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 4275: Mr. R
OUZER and Mrs. H ANDEL . H.R. 4277: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 4308: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 4369: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4392: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4421: Mr. S
IRES and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 4426: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4444: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4473: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 4493: Mr. M
CKINLEY and Mr. S MUCKER . H.R. 4548: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 4575: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4604: Mr. M
ITCHELL and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 4608: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 4635: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS . H.R. 4655: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 4668: Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. C URTIS , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 4681: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 4706: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 4719: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 4720: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 4743: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 4744: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 4760: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 4811: Mr. O
LSON and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 4828: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4843: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4846: Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali- fornia, and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 4886: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4888: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 4897: Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. S OTO, and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 4909: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. D
ONOVAN , and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 4912: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4932: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 4953: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4954: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 4958: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 4967: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 4983: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 5038: Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. B ACON , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. C LAY, Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. C OLE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. K IND, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S
TIVERS , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C OO-
PER, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. B ANKS of Indi- ana, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 5041: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 5057: Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 5083: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 5085: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 5102: Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 5103: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 5123: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 5127: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 5135: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 5150: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE. H.R. 5162: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5163: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5164: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5167: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5171: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 5173: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. N EAL, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 5180: Mr. S
ERRANO and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 5185: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 5187: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 5192: Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 5199: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 5223: Mr. S
ERRANO and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 5244: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.J. Res. 12: Mr. W
ESTERMAN and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.J. Res. 33: Mr. S
OTOand Mr. D EFAZIO. H.J. Res. 102: Mr. K
HANNA . H.J. Res. 129: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. A
GUILAR , and Mr. R ICHMOND . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. W
ALKER . H. Con. Res. 41: Mr. K
HANNA . H. Con. Res. 109: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN and Mrs. D
EMINGS . H. Res. 188: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H. Res. 401: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H. Res. 529: Mr. K
HANNA . H. Res. 556: Mr. K
HANNA . H. Res. 686: Mr. H
ECK, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , and Mr. T AKANO . H. Res. 763: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. T
URNER . H. Res. 768: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H. Res. 770: Mr. O’R
OURKE . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benifits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative M
AXINE WATERS (CA) or a des-ignee to H.R. 4545, the Financial Institutions Examinations Fairness and Reform Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 60: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.J. Res. 50: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR7.024 H13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1645 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 2018 No. 44 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
EN S
ASSE, a Senator from the State of Ne-braska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, we seek Your blessings this day for our lawmakers. You know their hearts, their motives, and their needs. Lord, provide for their needs out of the abundance of Your riches in glory. Remind them that unless You provide Your guidance, they labor in vain. So guide them in what they pro-pose to accomplish so that they will reap a bountiful harvest. Hold them with Your mighty hand until doubts and fears subside. We pray in Your wonderful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, March 13, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable B
ENSASSE, a Senator from the State of Nebraska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. Mr. SASSE thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, it has been less than 3 months since his-toric tax reform became law. It has been less than 3 months since we have cut taxes significantly for middle-class families by lowering rates and increas-ing the standard deduction, since we created new deductions to help small businesses keep more of what they earn and purchase new equipment more eas-ily, and since we leveled the playing field for American producers by mak-ing our corporate tax rates more com-petitive—a measure that mainstream economists agree will boost future wages for workers. There is a common theme here. Each part of this bill was built on the simple idea that American workers, job cre-ators, and middle-class families know best what to do with their own hard- earned money, and they ought to be able to keep more of it. It is a defining philosophy on our side of the aisle. Our Democratic friends don’t seem to share that notion. The Democratic leader in the House called these his-toric tax cuts ‘‘probably one of the worst bills in the history of the United States of America.’’ In the Senate, my Democratic col-leagues’ predictions were equally dire. My friend the Democratic leader of-fered this assessment: ‘‘There is noth-ing about this bill that suits the needs of the American worker.’’ Tax reform used to be a shared, bi-partisan priority—apparently, not any-more. Now our Democratic friends seem fully committed to the notion that there is no problem Washington, DC, can’t solve by raising taxes and imposing more regulations. Just last week, my friend the Demo-cratic leader made this clear. He an-nounced that he wants to claw back tax reform and have Americans send more money to the IRS. Here is his rationale: There are much better ways to use this money—much better ways to use this money than for people to keep more of their own money, apparently. The unspoken as-sumption is unmistakable: Democratic leaders know how to spend that money better than the citizens and employers. The government knows best. Of course, just a few months in, we are getting a clear picture of which philosophy really works. The good news about tax reform keeps pouring in, and with every favorable story, my Democratic friends tie themselves in knots trying to convince everyone that new investments, new jobs, new raises and bonuses, and companies repa-triating money back home are some-how not good news after all. Even as billions of dollars are put to-ward raises, bonuses, and new worker benefits, it is nothing more than ‘‘crumbs.’’ Even as billions more are invested in U.S. manufacturing and new jobs, they stick by their pre-dictions of ‘‘Armageddon’’—all of this, even as tax reform is achieving specific goals they spent years claiming to sup-port. Consider the issue of the minimum wage. Because of tax reform, Hormel Foods has raised starting pay to $13, Wells Fargo has established a $15 min-imum wage, and Walmart has raised the starting wage for its associates. That is great, but, apparently, Senate Democrats have better uses for the money going forward than your raise. Take the subject of family leave. Be-cause of tax reform, including the fam-ily leave incentive championed by Sen-ator F
ISCHER , huge national employers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.000 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1646 March 13, 2018 
such as Starbucks and CVS are expand-ing paid family leave programs or cre-ating new ones. These new family leave programs are great, but I think Senate Democrats have other designs on the private dol-lars financing these programs. They have better uses in mind for the tax savings that are flowing to charities and nonprofits around the country, like the women’s shelter in Washington State that is getting $1 million toward a brand-new building. Well, Republicans just don’t see it that way. Rather than trying to regu-late our way into prosperity through higher taxes and heavyhanded man-dates, we believe in simply taking Washington’s foot off the brake. Be-cause we did, American free enterprise is creating the very pay raises and ben-efits that our Democratic colleagues insisted only government could pro-vide. My friends across the aisle may want to repeal the tax cuts that have gen-erated these raises, bonuses, new jobs, new investments, minimum wage in-creases, and paid family leave expan-sions. They may want to raise taxes so badly that they are willing to shrink workers’ paychecks and send jobs and investments back overseas. Fortu-nately, Republicans in Congress will not let that happen. We are standing with the American people. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH, REGULATORY RELIEF, AND CONSUMER PRO-TECTION ACT The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of S. 2155, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2155) to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Crapo) modified amend-ment No. 2151, in the nature of a substitute. Crapo amendment No. 2152 (to amendment No. 2151), of a perfecting nature. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. DACA  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on Sep-tember 5 of last year, President Trump announced the repeal of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Pro-gram, known as DACA. As a result of that decision by President Trump, hun-dreds of thousands of immigrants who came to the United States as children, known as Dreamers, face losing their work permits and their right to stay in America without deportation. They are threatened with being returned to countries that many of them barely re-member, if at all. These Dreamers were brought here as children—infants, toddlers, young kids—by their parents to America, and they grew up here. They went to school in America, to our public schools and other schools that were available to them. They stood up in their class-rooms every morning and pledged alle-giance to the flag. They grew up believ-ing that this was their home. At some point in their lives their parents pulled them aside and told them the bitter truth—that they were not legally in America, they were un-documented, and they were vulnerable. At any minute, a knock on the door or a stop on the highway could result in not only their deportation but the de-portation of every member of their family. Growing up is tough enough for an adolescent. I can’t imagine growing up with this shadow over me, won-dering whether at any moment a misstep or being in the wrong place might mean that I would be sent from this country and that my parents would be sent with me, but they grew up with that reality and with that dan-ger. They did some extraordinary things. They not only prospered in America and finished their education, they went on with great ambition, believing the day would come when they would get a chance to be part of this country. Seventeen years ago, I introduced the Dream Act. The purpose of that bill was to give those young people a chance—a chance to earn their way to legal status, earn their way to citizen-ship. If they have a serious criminal record, they are gone and we want nothing to do with them. They had squandered any opportunity they had to be part of America’s future. But if they were doing the right thing, lead-ing a good life, working hard, finishing school, many of us believed they de-served a chance. In fact, at this point, 85 percent of Americans believe they deserve a chance, and that includes 60 percent of the people who voted for President Trump. We have never passed the Dream Act and made it the law, but when I asked my former Senate colleague, President Obama, to see if there was something he could do by Executive order, he cre-ated DACA. DACA gave these young people a 2-year renewable protection. They had to pay a $500 fee, submit themselves to a criminal background check, and if they passed it, they would end up with a temporary, renewable right to stay in America. About 800,000 came forward and did it. There were many more who were eli-gible but scared—scared that turning over their family’s information and their personal information to this gov-ernment or any government could turn out badly. Can you blame them? They have lived their whole lives in fear that a highway stop or somebody being ar-rested next to them could mean they would have to leave the only country they had ever known. But 800,000 stepped up and said: We will do it. I en-couraged them. I went to so many meetings in Chicago, around the State of Illinois, and around the country tell-ing them that this DACA Program was for real and that the government was giving them a pledge that they would stand by them on a renewable basis be-cause of President Obama’s order. The program was a huge success. As I mentioned, 800,000 signed up, and some even renewed. Then came the de-cision by President Trump to end the program. What he said was that by March 5 of this year, there would be no more DACA. Those who were protected could play out their temporary protec-tion but no renewals. That is where the issue stood for the longest time. Many of us decided that we needed to do something about it and to accept the President’s challenge and create a law—a law that would provide protection for these young people. Sen-ator L
INDSEY GRAHAM , a Republican from South Carolina; Senator J
EFF F
LAKE , a Republican from Arizona; Senator C
ORY GARDNER , a Republican from Colorado; Senator M
ICHAEL BEN-
NET, a Democrat from Colorado; and Senator B
OBMENENDEZ , a Democrat from New Jersey—we came together and decided on a bipartisan basis to draw up a bill to try to solve this prob-lem, be fair to these young people, and give them a chance to stay in America and earn their way to citizenship. When we proposed the bill to President Trump, he rejected it. In fact, he re-jected six different bipartisan pro-posals to solve this problem. So the deadline was looming and passed last week on March 5, and the program, by the President’s proclama-tion, would have been finished were it not for two Federal courts that inter-vened and said: No, Mr. President. You may have overstepped. You may have done more than you can legally do. So we are going to protect these Dream-ers, these DACA young people, until we resolve the question on your constitu-tional authority to make that decision. At the current moment, more than 700,000 of these young DACA recipients are protected by a court order that re-quired that they reopen DACA eligi-bility for those whose DACA protection had expired, the 2-year temporary pro-tection. Now tens of thousands of them are coming forward and applying for DACA renewal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.001 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1647 March 13, 2018 
Last week I called Secretary Nielsen at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and said: I have some questions that I am hearing as I travel around. For example, if I was protected by DACA and my protection came to an end and I am now reapplying for DACA and going to your agency, how long will it take your agency to process my application? Secretary Nielsen could not give me an exact date, but there has been spec-ulation that it could take 4 to 6 months. You see, there is a big backlog of cases, and it could take months be-fore they process all those cases. That was my first question. My second question: In that 4- to 6- month period, can these young DACA recipients be deported? She said no. I put out an order, she said, that no one is to be deported if they made an application for DACA re-newal. I asked Secretary Nielsen: Can we have that in writing? I will get back to you, she said. I don’t think that is too much to ask—whether these young people can be protected from deportation while they are applying for DACA renewal. The third question: There is also a legal ability to work under DACA. Can you protect these young people’s abil-ity to have a job while you are proc-essing their applications? She didn’t know whether she could. I have since learned that she has the au-thority to do that, but it is an impor-tant question, isn’t it? If you happen to be one of these DACA recipients—the vast majority of them are actually working, and most of them are in school or have graduated. They have to. They don’t qualify for any Federal Pell grants or government loans, so they need to work to pay off their edu-cation. That is understandable. So it is still uncertain as to what is going to happen. Then what happens when the court lifts this injunction, and what will be the future of these young people? President Trump said some harsh things about immigration during the course of the Presidential campaign. We all remember his comments about people of the Muslim religion, his com-ments about Mexican rapists, and his pledge to build a big, beautiful wall from sea to shining sea and have Mex-ico pay for it. Do you remember? We all heard those things. But an inter-esting thing happened after he was elected: He started saying more mod-erate, positive things about Dreamers, to the point where I actually had some hope that this particular group would have a fighting chance. As of today, there is no indication that President Trump feels the same way. Six dif-ferent bipartisan proposals have been rejected. So here we stand with this uncertainty. When the issue came before the Sen-ate, we did our best to put together a bipartisan rollcall. We came close but not close enough. There were 4 pro-posals on the floor, and the one with the largest number of votes received 54 votes. There were three Democrats who disagreed with some parts of it. I think we could have probably found a way to get their support. But we only had 8 Republicans who joined us—8 out of 51—to vote for the measure to deal with this issue. So it is still an unre-solved issue at this moment as to what is going to happen after the court cases. I have come to the floor many times—in fact, over 100 times—to tell the stories of these Dreamers, and I would like to do that today before I yield to the Democratic leader. This is Maria Torres Mendoza. Maria is the 111th Dreamer I have featured here on the floor of the Senate. She came here to the United States from Mexico when she was 5 years old, and she grew up in the State of Wash-ington. Her family didn’t have much money, so she worked pretty hard. She used to deliver newspapers. She deliv-ered 100 newspapers before school each morning. She worked odd jobs—shov-eled snow, cut grass. When she was in high school, she worked as a server at a restaurant every day while she was still going to school, kept up with her studies, and delivered the newspapers in the morning. You can tell Maria is not a lazy person. Because of her family’s financial struggles, despite her best efforts, her family was homeless for some time. Through it all, she was an excellent student, and despite her family dif-ficulties, she graduated from high school with a 3.8 grade point average. She didn’t believe she would ever make it to college, but she did. She was accepted at Washington State Univer-sity Tri-Cities. She is a senior now, and this spring, she will graduate with a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engi-neering and a minor in computer science. She is currently working as a student engineer at ATI Titanium and Specialty Alloys, a specialty parts manufacturer. Her main project is cre-ating a system to facilitate the usage of AutoCAD drawings and manuals for engineering and maintenance. I hope none of my colleagues ask me to ex-plain what I just said, but it sounds like pretty important work. What is her dream? She wants a master’s de-gree in engineering. She is particularly interested in nuclear-powered mechatronics—the technology that combines electronics and mechanical engineering. Maria wrote me a letter, and here is what it said: 
DACA is a whole world of opportunities for me. If DACA were to be taken away from me, all my hard work would not count. I want to see the results of my hard work and I wouldn’t be able to do so without DACA. 
Would America be a better place if Maria was asked to leave? Would we be a stronger nation if we took this young girl’s amazing energy, her academic ac-complishment, and her dream and drive and sent them back to Mexico? After all these years, after education and hard work—two jobs at a time when she was in high school—is there any doubt that this young woman is going to be a spectacular success in life? That is what this comes down to— real human beings, DACA recipients, protected by that Executive order of President Obama’s, who are now under the threat of deportation because of President Trump’s decision. It is a test of who we are as a nation, whether we believe in fairness and opportunity or whether we are going to walk away from our legacy. This is a nation of im-migrants. I stand before you proudly, the son of an immigrant to this country. My mother was brought here from Lith-uania when she was 2 years old, and here her son stands as a Senator from the State of Illinois. That is my story, that is my family’s story, and that is America’s story. It is time for us to remember Maria and the hundreds of thousands just like her who are asking for a chance to be part of our future. Mr. President, is it possible that with all the things on your mind, you have forgotten DACA and the Dreamers? We need President Trump to step up and lead. Mr. President, I yield the floor. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
DACA  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, let me thank my friend from Illinois, Senator D
URBIN . There has been no more pas-sionate, effective, strong, and con-sistent voice for the Dreamers, for those beautiful, young people who sim-ply want to become Americans and contribute to America. He will never let this issue rest, nor will we. We are going to do everything we can to help the Dreamers. We hope President Trump finally sees it in his heart to ac-tually get something done. We had a bipartisan agreement. It could have passed. It had some things we didn’t like, and it had some things the other side didn’t like, but President Trump, in one of the more inept acts in terms of legislating, blew the whole deal. We are going to keep working. I thank my colleague from Illinois. 
GUN SAFETY  
Mr. President, as the Senate debates the banking bill, Americans are won-dering if the Republican majority will ever move to take up the issue of gun safety. Tomorrow, thousands of stu-dents across the country—awakened students—will participate in a nation-wide walkout to demand action. At 10 a.m. in high schools from one end of America to the other, students will walk out for 17 minutes in honor of the 17 who gave their lives at Stoneman Douglas High School, in solidarity. But they are not going to stop there; they are going to keep working and working and working until we get something done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.003 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1648 March 13, 2018 
When the students walk out, what will this Senate, what will this Con-gress, what will our Republican friends be able to say? Nothing, because we will have done nothing in that time to address gun safety in a meaningful way. The unfortunate reality is that it seems there is too little courage in the White House to take on the NRA. After sounding the right notes when the cameras were on, President Trump has backed away from everything but the policies to which the NRA gives its rubberstamp approval. I am still amazed at this. I believe it was on the issue of age that the Presi-dent criticized Senator T
OOMEY at his televised meeting and told him not to be afraid of the NRA. He said he wasn’t. And what does the President do? He doesn’t show one one-hundredth of the courage that Senator T
OOMEY showed on guns. Senator T
OOMEY and I don’t agree on much, and I would have gone further than he did in the checks bill that he and Senator M
ANCHIN put together, but he had the courage to buck the NRA. President Trump, you have no cour-age to buck the NRA. You talk a good game, and then, when it comes to ac-tion, you are afraid to do anything— anything—that gets the NRA upset. The NRA is so far away from where America is. Over 90 percent of America wants background checks. The NRA and Trump don’t. A huge percentage— over 80 percent of gun owners—want background checks—comprehensive and universal background checks. President Trump and the NRA don’t. The majority of Americans want pro-tective orders so that if a family mem-ber or a friend or a teacher sees a young person acting like they are angry or upset and might do damage, their gun could be temporarily taken away. Most Americans want that. President Trump and the NRA don’t, and neither do our Republican friends. The vast majority of Americans would like a debate on assault weapons—or certainly the majority. President Trump, the NRA, and our Republican majority don’t. Mr. President, why don’t you retract what you said to Senator T
OOMEY . Why don’t you admit that he had more cour-age than you? Why don’t you say that you are afraid of the NRA, because that is really what is going on here. No one is going to be taken in by nice words spoken in an hour in front of a TV camera when you then back off on anything. Of course, the plan was re-leased Sunday night. They thought, hopefully, that it would get no news coverage, but it is still in the news. Unfortunately, too many Repub-licans here on the Hill are in the same boat as President Trump, but not Sen-ator T
OOMEY . They want to appear as though they are doing something for gun safety but are only willing to sup-port the smallest bore policies that the NRA gives a green light to. They say: OK, let’s do these small things first; maybe we will do more later. We all know the game here. Everyone sees what is going on. My friends on the other side don’t dare support any-thing that the NRA opposes, even though the vast majority of Americans want them to. Our friends hope that we will pass something tiny, something small so that they can clap their hands and say they did something on gun vio-lence and move on. The day they want to do something meaningful and real on gun safety never seems to come. My friend the Senator from Texas— he is a good friend of mine. We banter in the gym almost every morning. I have worked with him on a number of issues. But he comes to the floor every day and says: Let’s do the small Fix NICS bill, and then we will see about other proposals. He knows as well as I do that Fix NICS is not even close to enough of a response to the epidemic of gun violence in the country. He knows as well as I do that the NRA is OK with Fix NICS but not universal background checks. Fix NICS only improves reporting within the existing background check system. The big loopholes that allow so many bad people, felons, and those ad-judicated mentally ill to get guns—the gun show loophole, the online loop-hole—are not touched by Fix NICS. I say to my good friend the senior Senator from Texas, when you are a doctor and you are sewing up a wound, you don’t just do the first stitch and then walk away and say: We did some-thing. No, you have to do the real job to cure the injury. I appreciate that my friend from Texas wants to pass this bill. Democrats support it. I am a cosponsor. But as a response to the spree of shootings in our schools, on our streets, in our churches, movie the-aters, nightclubs, concerts, and on street corners every evening, a bill to repair just one tiny little aspect of the background check system is not suffi-cient. A policy or an attitude that says that we cannot offend the NRA on anything will never, never, never help amelio-rate our problem of gun violence to a sufficient extent. As my colleague Senator MURPHY , Senator C
ORNYN ’s coauthor of Fix NICS, has said: ‘‘If we were to only de-bate the Fix NICS Act, we would be slamming the door in the face of all of these kids who are demanding change.’’ He said it perfectly. Democrats are fighting to make sure that Fix NICS isn’t our only response. I hope and pray that my Republican colleagues will find the courage to go beyond what the gun lobbyists tell them is OK and work with Democrats on real and significant gun safety legis-lation. 
TRADE  
Mr. President, now on another mat-ter, this is a happy moment because many Democrats—certainly I—agree with the Trump administration when they blocked the proposed bid by the Singapore-based Broadcom to purchase the San Diego-based Qualcomm, on na-tional security grounds. Let me say this unequivocally: Presi-dent Trump and his administration made the right decision on blocking Broadcom from taking over Qualcomm. We all know that China has been ra-pacious about trade and very smart. They look for places where they can steal our best technology. They de-velop it there in China and keep us out of their markets and then try to flood the world with their products, some-times dumping them. China has been rapacious about trade. Frankly, in my opinion, neither the Bush administra-tion nor the Obama administration did enough. President Trump has a much better attitude. One particular area of concern is how frequently foreign companies have sought controlling stakes in cutting- edge technology companies like Qualcomm. Qualcomm has done a great job, and they are leading the world in developing the 5G system. We need to preserve that as Americans because it has both economic and national secu-rity concerns. As China seeks dominance in the semiconductor and wireless industries, the United States must be wary of at-tempts to acquire U.S. leaders in these industries. As to a foreign-controlled Broadcom, I don’t know what the links are between Broadcom and China. I suspect there may be some, but China could move to take it over and, poof, the dominance that we would seek in 5G technology developed here would go away. It is a national security concern and an economic security concern. We Democrats believe that the CFIUS model should extend not just to national security but to economic se-curity. When China attempts to steal our best technology by buying Amer-ican companies—whether it is robotics, AI, or chips on Qualcomm—we ought to block it. China doesn’t play fair. Lifetime President Xi hopes to dominate in the crown jewel of America’s industries— the tech industries and others, where we dominate because we have been so good because we have taken immi-grants, Mr. President, from around the world, and they helped develop these great things. We have to be wary of China—wary of China. To his credit, President Trump is more wary of China than the last five or six administra-tions, and I am glad he is. I am glad his administration is. It is just almost too late, but it is not yet. It is no secret that President Trump and I share similar feelings on the issue of trade, particularly when it concerns China. I have often been crit-ical of this administration—like I have been of previous administrations— when it fails to follow through on the President’s rhetoric or misdirects its policies. The recent steel and aluminum tar-iffs are an example of how the adminis-tration has the right instincts but bad 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.004 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1649 March 13, 2018 
execution. If properly calibrated, tar-iffs could be an effective tool to rein in China. China certainly dumps and has sought dominance in the steel and alu-minum industries. Instead of targeting heavily subsidized Chinese steel and aluminum, the President has put in place across-the-board tariffs that would hurt many of our domestic in-dustries. There was an article today about a Missouri ball bearing company that doesn’t know where it is going to get its steel from. It hurts allies like Canada. Canada makes its own steel and alu-minum. We have a trade surplus with Canada. Putting Canada in the same boat as China is a huge mistake. That is why these tariffs—and I support the thrust of them—should have been more carefully targeted. In contrast, the action on Qualcomm is targeted and effective in terms of protecting U.S. industry, and I urge the Trump administration to do more of these things. They will fill a hole that previous administrations failed to fill. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. President, finally, on Russia, we all know that the Republican majority on the House Intelligence Committee has ended its investigation into foreign interference in the 2016 elections. The House Republican majority on the In-telligence Committee has so discred-ited itself. The report makes several assertions that are contradicted by already well- known facts. It says that Russia had no preference for Donald Trump in the 2016 elections. Remember, it is not just the intelligence community’s assess-ment that the Russians were trying to elect Trump, but an independent grand jury—nonpolitical—in the special counsel’s investigation concluded the same thing on the basis of evidence independently acquired and presented by the special counsel. By saying they disagree with the intelligence commu-nity’s assessment that Russia inter-fered in the 2016 election to help Trump, Speaker R
YAN and Chairman N
UNES are closer to Putin’s view than the view of the CIA, the FBI, the NSA, and the DNI—people in the administra-tion. It seems that there are no lengths to which Chairman N
UNES and Speaker R
YANwill not go to protect this White House, even when it damages Amer-ica’s security. After Chairman N
UNES ’s midnight run to the White House, his partisan memo, fake memo, and fake scandals about unmasking FBI text messages, no one should take this report seri-ously. I would say, to the vast majority of Americans, Chairman N
UNES has dis-credited himself. He is much more of a partisan operative than a representa-tive helping America be secure. The House Republican majority has never taken this investigation seri-ously. From the very beginning, they have sought to distract and kick up dust. They have shown time and again that they are willing to put party be-fore country—something our Founding Founders warned against. They are willing to twist facts and ignore evi-dence about a foreign power attacking our democracy because it might cause political damage to the President. It is a shocking and shameful abdication of duty. In my judgment, Chairman NUNES , you and your committee have made a shocking and shameful abdication of duty to America. A congressional party that is wholly subservient to the polit-ical interests of the President is failing fundamentally to fulfill its constitu-tional obligation. Congress is supposed to be a separate, equal branch of gov-ernment. Read the Constitution. Read the Federalist Papers. One of the main purposes of Congress was to check the power of the executive branch. Our Founding Fathers feared an over-reaching executive branch, as I know my friend from Nebraska knows, be-cause he cites these things. That re-sponsibility doesn’t fall only on one party. It falls on all of us. That is why there has been a history of bipartisanship and cooperation on the Intelligence Committees, where the vital interests of the Nation are at stake. That has been the case through the years. Until Chairman N
UNES  seemed to get ahold of this, that tradi-tion was a grand one and a good one. Now that tradition has been discarded by House Republicans on the Intel-ligence Committee through this embar-rassing episode that will historically go down as one of the lowest moments of any committee’s actions in Con-gress. Let me say pointedly to my col-leagues that the Senate Intelligence Committee has been quite different than the House Intelligence Com-mittee. I salute both Chairman B
URR and Ranking Member W
ARNER for try-ing to run things in a different way. Let us hope that the Senate Intel-ligence Committee does not go the way of the House and continues its bipar-tisan cooperation to get to the bottom of this mess. That is because we have a responsibility to get to the bottom of what happened in 2016 and to report those findings in an unbiased way. If the House isn’t going to do it, the Sen-ate must. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I would like my colleagues to take a trip down memory lane. Go back a decade or two to 2006, 2007, 2008, and look at the dec-ade before that. My State of Ohio, for 14 years in a row—from the late 1990s through the year 2010—experienced al-most a decade and a half of foreclosure increases leading up to the crisis. That meant that in Ohio, literally every year for 14 years, there were more fore-closures than the year before in my State. Predatory and irresponsible lenders made dangerous, subprime loans. They often ignored whether borrowers had the ability to repay that loan. The in-centives were these: We will keep writ-ing these; we will keep underwriting; we will keep collecting fees. We don’t care if the borrower can pay. We can see that is a setup for dis-aster. Because of the lack of standards for underwriting, we learned a painful lesson that not all mortgage lending is created equal. Look at some headlines from that pe-riod. On September 18, 2008, the front page of the Wall Street Journal fea-tured three headlines. This was Sep-tember 18, 2008, so just slightly less than 10 years ago: ‘‘Mounting Fears Shape World Markets As Banking Gi-ants Rush to Raise Capital.’’ ‘‘Bad Bets and Cash Crunch Push Ailing AIG to Brink.’’ ‘‘Worst Crisis Since ‘30s, With No End.’’ On the same day the Washington Post reported: ‘‘Markets in Disarray as Lending Locks Up.’’ How did we get to that crisis? Banks forgot the essential rule of lending. A borrower needs to be able to pay back the loan. It is pretty simple, but a for-gotten dictum. Instead, lenders offered loans that required no documentation. They offered loans with teaser interest rates that shot through the roof after 2 or 3 years. They offered loans where borrowers never paid down their prin-cipal or they stripped their home’s value through cash-out refinances. So borrowers had these mortgages where they simply paid the interest with the belief the home would go up in value more and more and more, never paying the principal. The homes didn’t go up in value, and look what hap-pened. All of these practices had devastating results for families and communities and the economy. My wife Connie and I live in ZIP Code 44105 in Cleveland, OH, just south of Slavic Village in the great city of Cleveland. Eleven years ago, in the first half of 2007, 44105 had more foreclosures than any ZIP Code in the United States of America. I can still see the blight brought on by those foreclosures—what it did to individual families, what it did to the neighbor-hood, what it did to the city of Cleve-land. Think about—and we don’t do that very much here. We don’t really think all that much when we talk about things like this. We look at numbers. We look at statistics. We read analyses and data, but we don’t really think about individual families. Think about what happens when somebody suffers a foreclosure. First of all, these families understand that things are getting tighter. It is harder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.006 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1650 March 13, 2018 
and harder to pay their mortgage. Their spouse may have been scaled back to half time, depending on the economic circumstances. The first thing they do is often get rid of the family pet. It costs too much to take the dog to the vet. The second thing they do is cut back on every-thing. They just start cutting back on everything. Eventually they have that sit-down with their 12-year-old daugh-ter and their 14-year-old son and their 15-year old son, and tell them: We are going to have to move. We don’t know where we are going or what school dis-trict we will be in. We don’t know how much we are going to get; we have to sell the car. We don’t know how much you are going to be able to see your friends. They think about the personal side, but we don’t do that much here. Pope Francis used to admonish his parish priests to go out and smell like the flock. We don’t do that very much here. We look at data and ideas, and we don’t think about our policies and our votes and the impact they have on in-dividual human beings. So thinking back to ZIP Code 44105, if those faulty mortgage products weren’t bad enough on their own, they were targeted to communities of color. The neighborhood my wife and I live in, ZIP Code 44105, is mostly African American, but pretty diverse. A lot of people look more like me, but there are a lot of people with moderate to low in-comes. These mortgage products were tar-geted to communities of color. In those communities in particular, even those who qualified for no-frills, no-surprises prime mortgages were often instead steered into subprime loans. Why? Be-cause the lender could make more money on a subprime loan than a straightforward loan that most Mem-bers of the Senate generally sign up for. So even African-American and His-panic borrowers with higher incomes than other borrowers found them-selves—because the banks put them there—with subprime mortgages. These practices of discrimination, which went on for years, stripped a generation’s worth of equity from com-munities that had fought hard for equal access to home ownership. Think about this: The household wealth of communities of color simply hasn’t re-covered from the last decade. Middle- class Black and Hispanic families lost half of their wealth from 2007 to 2013. In 2016, it was $38,000. The numbers are similar for Hispanic households: $85,000 in 2007, $46,000 in 2016. They all sound like numbers, but what that does to a family who has lost half its wealth, particularly because their wealth is generally in the home that they own— think of what that does. My colleagues talk about how hard the banks have it, how hard it is to be a banker now, and how hard it is for Wall Street. I would like to revisit what happens when banks stop fol-lowing the rules. Borrowers with these higher cost loans were foreclosed on at almost triple the rate of borrowers with standard 30-year, fixed-rate mort-gages. Between 2006 and 2014, more than 9 million homeowners lost their homes to foreclosure in distressed sales or surrendered their home to the lend-er—9.3 million homeowners. What does that mean to us? Do we know any of them? Do we ever talk to any of them? Do we listen to their stories about what happens when you get thrown out of your house? Do we sit there and pa-tiently listen and ask them questions and ask them to tell us about what has happened during the last 10 years of their lives? Because when you get thrown out of your home, whether you are evicted or whether you get put out because of foreclosure, you don’t just give away the family pet. You don’t just cut back on everything. You lose a lot of your possessions because you can’t take things with you. You start again in your life, and you start again in debt. Does anybody here care about that? They talk about how hard it is for the banks and how Wall Street is suf-fering, but they don’t think about the individual homeowners who struggle. Some of them get foreclosed on. Some of them are just struggling. Some of them have lost half of their wealth. It is not just families of color who lost half their wealth; a whole lot of working class White families have lost a lot of their wealth. Does this place seem to care? Not a whole lot. It wasn’t just subprime mortgages. The crisis revealed a host of other harmful practices, like steering bor-rowers to affiliated companies, kick-backs for business referrals, inflated appraisals, and loan officer compensa-tion based on the loan product. If you have a certain loan product that might be more profitable, even though it is a little sleazy and a little underhanded, you make a little more money because you steer people into those loan prod-ucts. It might lead to the ruining of their lives or it might lead to their foreclosure, but they are making more money. So what does that mean? It means the worse the loan was for the bor-rower, the more money the lender made. In 2008, the worse the loan was for the borrower, the more money the lender made. That is what our laws were. We fixed that, and we are going to undo some of that in this bill. After the dust settled, this country realized how twisted our mortgage lending market had become. Congress finally stepped in to do what the mar-ket and regulators refused to do for too long. I believe in free enterprise. I believe in the dynamism of capitalism. But when the market and the regulators did nothing except encourage this kind of behavior—that is why government is involved. That is why government steps in. That is why we did Wall Street reform. It established a com-monsense rule that lenders should evaluate whether a borrower has the ability to repay a home loan. The abil-ity to repay rule means that lenders can no longer make a loan based on the home’s value or ignore the fact that an adjustable rate mortgage will become unaffordable in a year or two. A mortgage is the largest financial transaction most families will make in their lifetime. It is a big deal, central to the economic life and the life overall of a great majority of people in this country. Requiring that the mortgage process, services, and fees be trans-parent and understandable to bor-rowers is essential. We don’t all have great sophistication when we get a homeowner’s loan. That is why it is so important that it be transparent and understandable to borrowers. But the bill before us today chips away at that principle. It includes several provisions that, when taken together, weaken transparency and inclusiveness and un-dermine fairness in mortgage lending. The bill says lenders need not con-sider whether a borrower can afford an adjustable rate mortgage after the in-terest rate adjusts. Banks and mort-gage companies make more money when they write more loans. I get that. They should. But when the incentive is only that and there is no requirement that the borrower be able to afford an adjustable rate mortgage after the in-terest rate adjusts—we know what will happen. The bill also allows the largest banks to acquire small banks and retains these legal protections for the larger banks. I spoke to a member of a bank board in Mansfield, OH, yesterday, a long-time friend of our family’s. That is where I grew up. I know the locally owned banks in Mansfield, OH. I know that Mechanics Bank works hard for their enrichment. I know they work hard for their customers. They know their customers. Small banks work with their customers. If they lose a job or face a sudden illness, the bank can try to work with them to figure out how to avoid foreclosure. Would a megabank in Cleveland, Columbus, or Dayton do the same thing? Based on the record of Secretary Mnuchin’s bank, OneWest, and others during the crisis, we can be pretty sure we know the answer to that, and the answer is no, they won’t. The bill before us also gives lenders a pass on the requirement to escrow for taxes and insurance when making subprime loans. It doesn’t cost real money to the lender to put money aside for taxes and insurance; it is part of the calculation when you buy a house. Most of us want our taxes and insurance included so we have a more predictable stream of outflow, so we know how much we are paying next month, and it doesn’t change. It may change once a year, but it doesn’t change often. By definition, someone taking out a subprime loan is at a higher risk of default. Also, escrow helps a borrower plan for the expenses of taxes and insurance, and it protects 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.007 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1651 March 13, 2018 
the lender from unexpected losses. That is in the bill, and we are stripping that out of the law. Former FDIC Chair Sheila Bair, ap-pointed by President Bush, is a terrific public servant. She was a high-ranking employee—I believe chief of staff—for Senator Dole when he was a Member of the Senate. She steered the FDIC through the worst of the financial cri-sis. She raised her opposition to this provision in a letter to me. This bill exempts 85 percent of banks from reporting the HMDA data they are collecting and reporting today. I credit Senator C
ORTEZ MASTO , who, as the attorney general of Nevada before she joined us in the Senate 14 months ago, saw up close what happened with foreclosures. She is a strong, out-spoken opponent of this bill. She has had those discussions with people who have lost their homes. She understands how it happened. She doesn’t have the amnesia that apparently a majority of my colleagues have, forgetting what happened 10 years ago and learning al-most nothing from what happened 10 years ago. Her amendment would fix HMDA data collection. Without this data, we can’t monitor trends in mort-gage lending, particularly in rural areas. Without this data, it will be even harder to see who has access to af-fordable mortgage credit and who does not. We know that redlining is still hap-pening. The latest report from the Cen-ter for Investigative Reporting ana-lyzed tens of millions of mortgage records and found that across the coun-try, people of color are far more likely to be turned down for a loan even when you take into account factors like their income and the size of the loan. Without this data, we won’t know when redlining happens. It will make it more difficult to show that community lend-ers go the extra mile for their cus-tomers. That is why the NAACP, Na-tional Community Reinvestment Coali-tion, Unidos, National Urban League, Rural Community Assistance Corpora-tion, and more than 170 State and na-tional organizations have objected to this devastating new hole in lending data. Why in the world would Congress want to keep us from getting that in-formation, keep us from getting that data, so we, in fact, understand better what goes on? Part of our problem in 2007 and 2008 was that we had a whole bunch of regu-lators who were asleep at the switch, we had a Congress that was oblivious, and we had a national media that was not paying enough attention to this. Part of that was that the regulators didn’t have the information they need-ed. That is why the head of supervision at the Federal Reserve, Randal Quarles, who was in the Bush adminis-tration then, could see nothing but roses and candy in the years ahead. He said that in 2006 and I believe in 2007. He had no idea what was going on, partly because he maybe didn’t want to know but partly because we didn’t have the data collected that we are starting to collect now. So we are going to say we don’t care about that. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the letter from former FDIC Chair Sheila Bair and the letters from civil rights groups in opposition to this provision be printed in the RECORD at the conclusion of my remarks. Any one of these provisions is bad enough, but taken together, they add up to riskier loans for American fami-lies and more foreclosures on American families. Think about this: If this bill passes, a bank could make a subprime loan with-out considering whether a borrower could afford the higher interest rate when the teaser rate expires. The first 2 or 3 years, you are paying rate X, and then in the third or fourth year, you are paying X plus two or X plus three, and then the next year, maybe X plus that number plus one, to the point you can’t afford your mortgage anymore. What happens? You get foreclosed on, and your life turns upside down. If this bill passes, a bank could make a subprime loan without considering whether the borrower could pay the higher interest rate. A bank wouldn’t have to collect taxes and insurance on a monthly basis, making a loan look affordable when it may not be because you have insurance and taxes. Why not put that in the monthly payment so people can predict more and under-stand their finances better? The homeowner loses her right to take the bank to court for removing her from her home even though the bank made a loan it knew she could never repay. So the bank makes a loan to a homeowner. The homeowner per-haps doesn’t have the sophistication the banker sitting across the table has, doesn’t quite understand what the teaser rate will mean to the cost of her house. Then the bank doesn’t do the es-crow adding insurance and taxes, and the bank convinces this perspective homeowner, the borrower, that she can make these payments, no problem. Then she loses her right to action if she is foreclosed on. She has no re-course even though the bank sold her something that a good banker wouldn’t have. It is a recipe for disaster. It is a recipe for more families ending up in homes they were misled into thinking they could afford. Is it too much to ask a lender to consider whether a family can afford the loan they are getting? Are we back here already? The cherry on top is this bill elimi-nates data we need to determine whether banks are targeting certain communities for these risky loans. We know this administration and the heads of Departments are not con-cerned about accountability for finan-cial institutions’ equity, lending, and inclusivity. We learned that HUD is considering changing its mission state-ment to delete references to inclusive communities. Imagine that, Secretary Carson, that you would do such a thing. I am concerned this bill will put more families at risk of poor housing conditions, particularly in rural com-munities that are so often ignored in this town. The bill reduces the fre-quency of required inspections for units overseen by rural public housing agencies that administer 550 or fewer units of HUD public housing and sec-tion 8 rental vouchers. For many of these so-called PHAs, HUD will inspect their property once every 3 years rath-er than every 1 or 2 years. This bill would allow PHAs to inspect more voucher-assisted units just once every 3 years. A lot can happen to an apart-ment in 3 years that could put resi-dents’ health and safety at risk. In my neighborhood, it is in the 90 percent rate, those homes that have toxic lev-els of lead, and it gets worse as the house gets older and the paint chips. And we are not going to inspect these places. I understand that PHAs face many challenges in maintaining high-quality housing for families. Due to years of underfunding, public housing alone faces an estimated $26 billion backlog of repairs. My Senate Democratic col-leagues and I have proposed an infra-structure package that includes fund-ing for public housing repairs and revi-talization to help address these chal-lenges. We have an obligation to make sure these struggling families have safe and decent housing. I have been clear throughout this process that I want to help community lenders and housing providers better serve their customers. We don’t do that by reducing account-ability. We don’t do that by returning to the freewheeling housing market that led to millions of families losing their homes. When we talk about escrow and lend-ing requirements, it sounds kind of boring, it sounds dry, and it may sound like legalese that don’t matter, but it matters when it comes to the biggest, most important purchase most Ameri-cans will make. It just seems that particularly when people buy that first home and they don’t really know much about how to do that—maybe they don’t have a lot of political sophistication; they are 25 or 30 years old or whatever age they are—we shouldn’t make it more com-plicated, we should make it less com-plicated. Bankers should not be incentivized only by how much money they make by writing more and more mortgages but instead should walk through what this is going to cost: Here is the escrow. Here is what your insurance costs. Here is what you are going to pay if you have a teaser rate. We are going to make some decisions, and this house may be a little too ex-pensive for you because of that teaser rate, because of what you will be pay-ing 3 years from now in addition to the escrow, the taxes and insurance that you hadn’t really planned for. Weakening a standard here or grant-ing an exemption there will end up causing real pain for real families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.008 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1652 March 13, 2018 
Growth in the housing sector is only sustainable if families can afford their loans and homes are maintained. I know families in my ZIP Code can’t af-ford a repeat of the housing crisis. I know what it has done to my neighbor-hood. Some of them are still digging out. Let’s stop listening to the big-bank lobbyists and start listening to the people we serve, the families across this country who remember all too well what foreclosures and job losses mean to them. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FEBRUARY 13, 2018. Hon. S
HERROD BROWN , Ranking Member, Senate Banking Committee, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR BROWN : You had requested my views on S. 2155, the ‘‘Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act’’. At the outset, I would like to com-mend the Senate Banking Committee leader-ship for developing this legislation on a bi-partisan basis, and proceeding in the tradi-tional way with hearings and a markup. I ap-preciate that much work has gone into nego-tiating its provisions, and I am highly sup-portive of most of them, particularly those reforms which give relief to community and regional institutions, as well as changes that would give consumers more control over their credit information. Regrettably, the bill also includes Section 402 which would significantly weaken a key constraint on the use of excessive leverage by the largest financial institutions in the US. In these times of market volatility, I would strongly urge the Senate to reject this provision as imprudent and short-sighted. Now is the time we should be bolstering bank capital levels, not chipping away at them. Banks operated with far too little capital during the run up to the 2008 financial crisis. In setting capital requirements, regulators erroneously judged certain activities—for in-stance mortgage securities, derivatives, and European sovereign debt—as having little, if any risk. Banks piled into these activities because regulators let them lever returns with borrowed money. The consequences were catastrophic. Because their judgments about risk were so wide of the mark, regulators have made greater use of non-risk weighted standards since the crisis. The most important of these is the ‘‘supplemental leverage ratio’’ or ‘‘SLR’’—a relatively simple metric which sets minimums for big banks’ common eq-uity as a percentage of their total assets and certain off-balance sheet exposures. In the US, the SLR has been set at 5% for the larg-est banking organizations (6% for their in-sured bank subsidiaries). Section 402 is a seemingly innocuous provi-sion which would exempt from the SLR de-posits held at central banks by ‘‘custodian’’ banks. This includes deposits at the Federal Reserve (Fed), as well as the central banks of other Organization for the Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) members such as Turkey and Greece. As originally introduced, Section 402 was limited to three so-called ‘‘custodian’’ banks, specialized banks which safeguard customer assets but do not engage in tradi-tional commercial banking. However, during the markup, the Senate Banking Committee loosened the definition of ‘‘custodian’’ bank, potentially creating a gaping loophole as any bank arguably serves as ‘‘a custodian’’ of de-positor money. Most big banks will likely press the Fed to let them benefit from Sec-tion 402, given the huge competitive advan-tage it would bestow. Data from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) indi-cate that capital reductions for some banks could approach 30%. The laudable goal of the sponsors of S. 2155 is to support economic growth. But it seems Section 402 will simply give banks more in-centives to take on additional leverage by parking money with central banks, not mak-ing business and consumer loans. They can arbitrage the near-zero interest rates they pay on deposits with the 150 basis points they can get at the Fed. That’s a nice, tidy margin that will grow even wider as the Fed raises rates this year. Central bank deposits do not support lend-ing in the real economy. They do include the extra reserves created by central banks when they intervene in the markets through things like quantitative easing, the practice of buying government and private securities to increase the money supply. If the goal of S. 2155’s supporters is to facilitate monetary interventions, then that should be made clear. However, even assuming that is the purpose, there is no need for Section 402. The Fed already has substantial flexibility to temporarily ease capital requirements dur-ing times of economic stress. The Basel Com-mittee, an international regulatory forum which includes central bank supervisors, has said that in times of exceptional macro-economic circumstances central banks should have the flexibility to temporarily re-move reserve deposits from the leverage ratio calculation to facilitate such interven-tions. Only the Brexit-challenged Bank of England has removed central bank deposits from its leverage calculation. Notably, it also made an upward adjustment in its ratio to mitigate the reduction in capital levels, something which S. 2155 does not do. More fundamentally, why does Congress want to start designating banking activities as low or no risk, when expert financial regu-lators were so spectacularly wrong prior to the crisis? The SLR’s key strength is that it does not reflect government judgments about risk. Central bank deposits may seem low risk, but where does this slippery slope end? The Treasury Department wants US government securities also removed from the leverage ratio, notwithstanding their signifi-cant interest rate risk. What’s next? Housing agency debt? How about AAA corporate bonds? To the extent these instruments com-pete with central bank deposits for banks’ liquid investments, Section 402 will put them at a competitive disadvantage unless they get similar treatment. It will also alter the competitive landscape as it provides a spe-cial capital break for big banks that does not apply to smaller institutions, an ironic re-sult for a bill designed to help community and regional banks. Before concluding, I would like to address some of the confusion surrounding this change, not surprising given the complexity of bank capital regulation. Assets of pension funds, mutual funds, endowments and other bank clients that are held in custody and in-vested under the control of those clients are already excluded from the SLR. Losses on those assets fall to the clients, not the bank. The SLR applies to funding, be they deposits or other borrowings, over which banks have control. Even though custody banks may not operate as traditional commercial lenders, they are highly systemic and have signifi-cant operational risk with many trillions under custody. They can also suffer losses on their investment portfolios, as they did dur-ing the crisis. As Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) Vice-Chair Tom Hoenig has pointed out, custodian banks were bor-rowing from the Federal Reserve $60 to $90 billion dollars a day to cover funding short-falls during that tumultuous time. In the years following the crisis, custodian and other large, systemic banks have grown and remained profitable notwithstanding toughened capital rules. Indeed, the higher capital standards we imposed in the US rel-ative to Europe have been key to our faster economic recovery. It is true that during times of market stress, deposits signifi-cantly increase at custodian banks. But this is true of all banks—FDIC insured deposits went up dramatically during the crisis. This is why risk-based capital rules have built in counter-cyclical buffers, and there would certainly be no harm in Congress recognizing the authority of bank regulators to provide capital accommodation in times of severe stress when deposits are increasing dramati-cally as investors seek out safety. This is au-thority I believe they already have. Government judgments favoring one asset class over another inevitably distort mar-kets. I would strongly encourage Congress not to embark down this path. The responsi-bility—and accountability—for capital rules should rest with the Fed and other bank reg-ulators. Weakening capital rules now will undermine the resiliency of the banking sys-tem and heighten the risk of bank failures during the next downturn. This current re-covery is already long in the tooth by histor-ical standards. For now, growth is strong and banks are profitable, but that will eventu-ally change. If anything, Congress should be encouraging banks and their regulators to increase capital buffers. You had also requested my views on other aspects of S. 2155. As previously indicated, outside of Section 402, I am highly sup-portive of this bill with two caveats. First, in limiting the application of Enhanced Pru-dential Standards (EPS) Congress should take care not to weaken pre-Dodd-Frank au-thorities to utilize forward-looking super-visory tools and protect the deposit insur-ance fund. You would not want to inadvert-ently weaken supervisory tools that existed prior to the crisis. Second, I am troubled by Section 109 which would exempt many more lenders from escrow requirements for high- cost mortgage loans. Mandatory escrow of insurance and taxes for borrowers with trou-bled credit histories provide both consumer and safety and soundness benefits. Borrowers who have difficulty managing their finances may well have trouble making these essen-tial payments on their own, forcing them to turn to high cost lenders to cover those costs when they come due, or worse, defaulting on their mortgage obligations. Moreover, ad-ministrative costs of escrow requirements are not high and certainly less than costs as-sociated with default. To both protect con-sumers from the loss of their homes as well as the FDIC-insured banks from mortgage defaults, I would encourage Congress to leave current escrow requirements alone. Sincerely, S
HEILA C. B AIR. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE  A
DVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE , Washington, DC, March 5, 2018. Re NAACP Strong opposition to S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. T
HEHONORABLE , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR : On behalf of the NAACP, our nation’s oldest, largest and most widely- recognized grassroots-based civil rights orga-nization, I strongly urge you to oppose, work against, and vote ‘‘Nay’’ on passage of S. 2155, the mis-named Economic Growth, Reg-ulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.009 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1653 March 13, 2018 
Act. This dangerous bill does irreparable damage to fair lending protections against racial discrimination; it harms homebuyers; and it contains over two deregulatory provi-sions of the financial services industry that were put into place after the 2008 global cri-ses which led to a recession from which many American families and communities are still trying to recover. Section 104 of the bill would exempt 85% of depository institutions from full reporting of loan data under the Home Mortgage Disclo-sure Act (HMDA). This would devastate our attempts to determine—and potentially rec-tify—racially discriminatory lending or loan approval patterns at play. The HMDA dataset contains the most comprehensive publicly available information on mortgage market activity. Each fall, new HMDA data are made available. In 2016, almost 7,000 in-stitutions released over 16 million records, making HMDA an invaluable administrative dataset on housing and homeownership for policymakers, regulators, and researchers. Furthermore, S. 2155 provides exemptions from crucial mortgage lending protections for buyers of manufactured homes, such as mobile homes. These provisions would allow sellers of manufactured homes to overcharge customers and make the millions of Ameri-cans who wish to purchase a manufactured home more vulnerable to predatory lending practices similar to those which caused so many—too many—families to lose their homes in the 2008 crisis. If we as a nation learned anything from the 2008 financial crisis, it is that American consumers need more information and pro-tection, not less. Thus, I urge you to reject S. 2155 and to focus on policies and proposals to help the average American consumer. Thank you in advance for your attention to the position of the NAACP. Should you have any questions or comments, please do not hesitate to contact me at my office. Sincerely, H
ILARY O. S HELTON , Director, NAACP Washington Bureau & Senior Vice Presi-dent for Policy and Advocacy. 
MARCH 8, 2018. Re Oppose section 104, ‘‘The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act Adjustment’’. D
EAR SENATOR : The undersigned civil rights, fair housing, consumer, and commu-nity organizations write to highlight our strong concerns with Section 104 of S. 2155, ‘‘the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act Adjust-ment and Study’’. This section would under-mine efforts to ensure that the nation’s mortgage lenders are serving all segments of the market fairly by exempting the vast ma-jority of lenders from the updated reporting required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd- Frank). Public officials use this information in distributing public-sector investments so as to attract private investment to areas where it is needed, and to identify possible discriminatory lending patterns. 
THE DODD -FRANK ACT ’S UPDATED HMDA RE -
PORTING REFLECTS LESSONS FROM THE FI -
NANCIAL CRISIS  In response to widespread concerns about predatory lending and opacity in the mort-gage market in the run-up to and following the financial crisis, Congress amended the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) to require both banks and non-bank lenders to disclose more information about their mort-gage lending activities—updates finalized by the CFPB in 2015. Although not previously reported and disclosed through HMDA, these data points are already collected on a rou-tine basis by banks, credit unions and for- profit mortgage companies in the normal course of business, either as a part of basic loan underwriting, for securitization or for other purposes required by law. The CFPB Reduces the Reporting Burden on Small Lenders Without Sacrificing Data About Lending in Underserved Communities After considering a number of higher re-porting thresholds and receiving extensive feedback from all size and type of lending in-stitutions, the CFPB adopted a standard that applies the new reporting requirements to institutions that made 25 closed-end mort-gage loans or 100 open-end/home equity lines of credit (HELOCs). Importantly, in response to concerns raised by lenders and by some in Congress, the CFPB has already temporarily raised the reporting threshold for HELOCs to 500 through 2019, in order to further review the impact of the rule and what the perma-nent HELOC threshold should be. In adopt-ing the HMDA thresholds, the agency bal-anced several Congressional interests— adopting a uniform and simplified reporting regime for banks and non-banks; eliminating the need for low-volume banks to report while maintaining sufficient data for anal-ysis at the national, local, and institutional levels; and increasing visibility into the home mortgage lending practices of non- banks. Section 104 upsets the careful balance: its proposed reporting thresholds—500 closed end loans or 500 open-end lines—would ex-empt the vast majority of the nation’s mort-gage lenders from the updated requirements. Based on 2013 data, under the threshold set by the CFPB, 22 percent (1,400) of the deposi-tory institutions that currently report on their closed-end mortgages would be exempt. In contrast, if Section 104 is enacted, the agency estimates that 85 percent (5,400) of depositories and 48 percent of nondeposi-tories (497) would not have to update report-ing on their mortgages. This higher thresh-old would sacrifice key data about lending in underserved communities that would help to ensure the flow of credit to qualified bor-rowers, stimulate the economy, and prevent future mortgage crises. Tiered Reporting Sacrifices Critical Data With-out Reducing Lender Burden Section 104 proposes to adopt a tiered re-porting approach, exempting some lenders from reporting the new data points pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act only. This is purport-edly a way to reduce burden. However, be-cause the data points covered by the rule are already collected by lenders, the burden as-sociated with the rule is minimal. Further, as with any data collection effort, the pri-mary driver of HMDA costs is in establishing and maintaining systems to collect and re-port data, and not the costs associated with collecting and reporting a particular data field. Therefore, this approach sacrifices critical information without relieving much of the purported HMDA reporting burden on banks or non-banks. SECTION 104 WOULD UNDERMINE FAIR ACCESS TO  
MORTGAGE CREDIT  HMDA was passed in 1975 to provide the necessary tools to dismantle uneven access to mortgage credit and expand equal lending opportunities for qualified borrowers, yet important segments of the market continue to lack fair access. For people of color, low- to moderate-income families, and borrowers in rural areas, access to mortgage credit re-mains tight. While the numbers of loan origi-nations have gone down for all borrowers, African Americans and Latinos have experi-enced the steepest declines. A Federal Re-serve analysis of lending in rural areas has found higher denial rates in those commu-nities since the housing crisis than in urban areas. The new data would help explain and inform responses to these lending gaps. A new HMDA data point on the applicant’s age is also vital information for evaluating age bias in lending, especially in conjunction with reverse mortgages. The stark disparities in access to mortgage credit and the continued struggle for eco-nomic recovery in the communities hit hard-est by the financial crisis call for a strength-ening of our nation’s fair lending laws, spe-cifically HMDA, not a weakening of them. Quite simply, the updated HMDA data will provide critical information about whether similarly situated borrowers and under-served communities are receiving equitable access to mortgage credit, data that we lacked a decade ago when the crisis hit. This is not the time to limit the nation’s ability to adequately assess the reasons for re-stricted credit access for underserved bor-rowers. Instead, we must increase efforts to address the causes behind the increased dif-ficulty in accessing safe, affordable credit. For these reasons and more, we urge you to oppose Section 104 and any other efforts to roll back the data collection and reporting as called for in Dodd-Frank and implemented by the CFPB. Should you have any questions or comments, please feel free to contact Gerron Levi at the National Community Re-investment Coalition. Sincerely, National Groups: Americans For Financial Reform, Center for Responsible Lending, Consumer Action, Consumer Federation of America, Equal Rights Center, Grounded So-lutions Network, Housing Choice Partners, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, Morningstar Urban Develop-ment, Incorporated, NAACP, National Com-munity Reinvestment Coalition, National Coalition for Asian Pacific American Com-munity Development, People’s Action, Na-tional Fair Housing Alliance, National Hous-ing Law Project, National Organization of African Americans in Housing, National Urban League, Public Counsel, Rural Com-munity Assistance Corporation, Take Charge America, UnidosUS (Formerly NCLR). Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise to discuss S. 2155. It is called the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. One would think from the title that I would be all for it, but as one who went through the drop in the economy when we were on the brink of collapse, I be-lieve this is a very bad bill. Let me go back to that time. Banks were teetering and over 300 would fail in the next 3 years. For perspective, only three banks had failed in the year of 2007. Unemployment was sky-rocketing. We lost $19 trillion in house-hold wealth. Americans lost nearly 9 million jobs. In my State of California, more than 2 million people were unemployed, 3
1⁄2 million mortgages were at risk, and nearly 200,000 people filed for bank-ruptcy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.003 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1654 March 13, 2018 
Now that the economy has recovered and unemployment has decreased from its high point of 10 percent during the crisis, I worry that my colleagues have forgotten the magnitude of this crisis. I simply cannot. I remember sitting in caucuses hear-ing from our top financial officials about the potential for a total collapse of our economy. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner testified to the House Financial Services Committee that ‘‘our financial system failed to do its job and came precariously close to failing altogether.’’ That is not an ex-aggeration. For those of us who were here, who listened to the economists, who heard what was happening, we feared a total collapse. Personal con-versations I had with these economists carried the most dire warnings. We should never get close to that point again. Congress spent more than $400 billion on something labeled TARP, Troubled Asset Relief Program, to help stabilize the economy. It was very controversial at the time, but we have since recouped more than we spent on that bank pro-gram. Congress then passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Pro-tection Act in 2010, putting in place policies to prevent another financial crisis, including strong protections on the largest banks. Now, just 8 years later—how quickly we forget—we are considering loosening these protec-tions. Have we forgotten the lessons from 10 years ago and the devastating con-sequences for American families? As with any bill we pass, I am open to looking at how it has been imple-mented and making adjustments as needed. For Dodd-Frank, I agree that community banks and credit unions shouldn’t be regulated the same way as the largest banks in the country. I am open to adjusting some of these regula-tions for them, but this bill simply goes too far. It goes beyond targeted relief for small institutions. The nonpartisan CBO, Congressional Budget Office, says the probability of a large bank failing or another financial crisis will go up if this bill is enacted. One provision I am particularly wor-ried about would roll back regulations and supervision for banks with assets between $50 billion and $250 billion. These aren’t just small community banks we are talking about. Instead, this would apply to some of the largest banks in our country. Paul Volcker, the former chairman of the Federal Reserve, wrote that Coun-trywide, National City, and GMAC were all below $250 billion and ‘‘re-quired billions of dollars in official cap-ital assistance and debt guarantees ei-ther for themselves or their acquiring institutions.’’ Here is what Phil Angelides, who served as chairman of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, said about this particular provision: 
The bill’s provisions to lift the asset threshold for enhanced prudential standards and supervision from $50 billion to $250 bil-lion would substantially reduce oversight over 25 of the nation’s 38 largest banks, in-cluding institutions of over $100 billion in as-sets that were deemed ‘‘Too Big to Fail’’ in 2009. A number of financial institutions with less than $250 billion triggered the need for bailout assistance during the crisis and his-tory has shown, time and time again, that the failure of financial firms that are not among the largest mega-banks can pose sys-temic threats to financial stability. In addition to weakening these re-quirements, the bill can also weaken capital requirements for even the larg-est banks. Sheila Bair, former Chair of the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation, said this could lead up to a 30-percent capital reduction at some banks. Just think of that. She also raises a ques-tion that we should all take a moment to reflect on: Why does Congress want to start designating banking activities as low or no risk, when expert financial regulators were so wrong prior to the crisis? Finally, this bill would amend the SAFE Act that I authored to ensure mortgage brokers and lenders meet minimum standards. This was nec-essary to curb the abusive lending practices we saw leading up to the fi-nancial crisis in which many con-sumers were taken advantage of through predatory lending. This was a serious problem in Cali-fornia. Between March and June of 2008, 406 defendants were charged in 144 mortgage fraud-related cases, and ap-proximately $1 billion in losses were attributed to these fraudulent acts. The SAFE Act created a new system of registration and licensing that in-cluded background checks, education requirements, and testing to ensure that mortgage brokers and lenders could meet basic standards. The bill before us, interestingly enough, would allow mortgage loan originators to operate without a li-cense—without a license—for up to 120 days if they move from a bank to a nonbank or across State lines. Allow-ing this transition period without en-suring that lenders have passed the li-censing test we required in the SAFE Act weakens the protections we put in place for consumers. Before I conclude, I want to say that I appreciate this is a bipartisan bill. It has gone through the Banking Com-mittee. I also understand the interest in ensuring regulations are appro-priately tailored to the size and activ-ity of financial institutions, but I am really worried that Members here have become too comfortable in our eco-nomic recovery and have forgotten where the path of deregulation ends. I oppose this bill because it simply goes too far in deregulating some of our largest institutions and weakening the protections we put in place to pre-vent another financial crisis. If we don’t learn from past failures, we are doomed to repeat them. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the letter of Phil Angelides. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
Sacramento, CA, March 5, 2018. Re S. 2155. Hon. M
IKECRAPO , Chairman, U.S. Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, Washington, DC. Hon. S
HERROD BROWN , Ranking Member, U.S. Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, Washington, DC. I am writing this letter to express my strong opposition to S. 2155 by Senator Crapo which would weaken the financial system safeguards and taxpayer and consumer pro-tections put in place in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis. The provisions of the bill, particularly when coupled with the clearly expressed deregulatory agenda of the Trump Administration and its key financial regu-lators, will once again put us on the path of exposing American taxpayers, our financial system, and our economy to significant risk. As Chairman of the Financial Crisis In-quiry Commission, which conducted the na-tion’s official inquiry into the causes of the financial crisis, I am deeply troubled by the potential passage of this legislation, consid-ering the magnitude of the economic and human damage caused by the crisis and the effectiveness of post-crisis reforms in stabi-lizing our financial system and economy. That the Senate is taking up this bill on the floor at this time is particularly astounding given that next week will mark the 10th an-niversary of the collapse of Bear Stearns, one of the seminal events in the unraveling of our financial markets that plunged our nation into the Great Recession. Before the financial crisis abated, the fed-eral government and the nation’s taxpayers provided trillions of dollars of financial as-sistance through two dozen separate pro-grams, including the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), to bail out Wall Street. Even with this historic and unprecedented government response, the consequences of the crisis were dire. Millions lost their jobs and their homes, cities and towns across the nation were devastated, and trillions of dol-lars in wealth were stripped away from hard working families and businesses. The aspira-tions of millions of Americans were crushed in the financial assault on our nation, with all too many families and regions still strug-gling today from the fall-out of the crisis. Without any compelling public policy ra-tionale—other than the deceptive guise of aiding regional and community banks—this bill now seeks to undo key bulwarks of pub-lic protection designed to avert future crises. Indeed, its provisions would put us on the road to re-creating conditions that the FCIC concluded led to the 2008 crisis. While the bill purports to be the ‘‘Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act’’, only the ‘‘regulatory relief’’ portion of its title bears any relationship to reality. Like the ‘‘Commodity Futures Moderniza-tion Act of 2000’’, which ensured that over- the-counter derivatives would remain hidden in a dark market, or the House ‘‘Financial CHOICE Act’’, which would eviscerate the Dodd-Frank financial reforms, S. 2155’s be-nign name deliberately obscures its detri-mental effects. Below are just some of my specific con-cerns with the legislation. First, the bill’s provisions to lift the asset threshold for enhanced prudential standards and supervision from $50 billion to $250 bil-lion would substantially reduce oversight over 25 of the nation’s 38 largest banks, in-cluding institutions of over $100 billion in as-sets that were deemed ‘‘Too Big To Fail’’ in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.011 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1655 March 13, 2018 
2009. A number of financial institutions with less than $250 billion triggered the need for bailout assistance during the crisis and his-tory has shown, time and again, that the failure of financial firms that are not among the largest mega-banks can pose systemic threats to financial stability. While the bill purports to allow the Federal Reserve to ‘‘reach back’’ to institutions with more than $100 billion in assets, those provisions would be legally difficult to implement, given the likelihood of financial industry litigation; undermine the very purpose of having en-hanced prudential standards in place prior to the emergence of risks; and undercut the Federal Reserve’s current broad authority to impose such standards. Secondly, while existing law allows the Federal Reserve to tailor financial stability rules for banks over $50 billion in assets, this bill would now require the Federal Reserve to do so for the banks still subject to en-hanced prudential standards—those with as-sets over $250 billion. There is legitimate concern that this change, from ‘‘may’’ to ‘‘shall’’, will be implemented to reduce scru-tiny of the 13 biggest banks in our nation. Third, the bill will weaken stress testing of major financial institutions by, among other things, reducing the timeframe for testing from semi-annually for the nation’s biggest banks to ‘‘periodically’’, which could be as infrequently as once every three years. What public purpose could possibly be served by di-minishing the understanding by regulators of how major financial institutions would fare in the event of adverse financial and economic conditions? Fourth, as Secretary Mnuchin himself has indicated, the legislation is likely to be im-plemented in a manner that deregulates 10 foreign megabanks—including but not lim-ited to firms such as Credit Suisse and Deut-sche Bank—heightening the risk that those banks could infect and debilitate our na-tion’s financial system. Fifth, the bill would punch a new hole in leverage ratios, leading to a substantial re-duction in required capital at certain large banks, a troubling reversal of the drive to-ward stronger capital requirements in the wake of the crisis. The need for enhanced capital at major financial institutions has been one of the areas of broadest consensus emanating from the 2008 meltdown. It should also be noted that this proposal is wholly outside the realm of the bill’s stated purpose of aiding regional and community banks. Finally, this bill begins to chip away at the post-crisis reforms made to the woeful mortgage lending standards that the FCIC found to be a primary cause of the crisis. There is no sound policy rationale or good public purpose served by exempting most fi-nancial institutions from reporting mort-gage lending data which they already col-lect; eliminating escrow requirements for subprime loans; or giving lenders a liability shield for adjustable rate mortgages under-written at low teaser rates. Based on the above concerns, I urge the Senate to reject S. 2155. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, P
HILANGELIDES , Chairman, Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission (2009–2011). 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SIGNING AUTHORITY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be author-ized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions on Tuesday, March 13, 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FIX NICS BILL  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, just 2 days ago, the White House announced its plans to reduce gun violence in our Nation’s schools. This is an important issue, and the White House’s rec-ommendations should be taken seri-ously. I certainly do. The President’s blueprint attempts to address this pervasive problem from multiple angles during what has been a period of heightened tension and dis-cord across the country. Parents and children continue to grapple every day with the aftermath of the shooting at Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL. But, of course, the prob-lem didn’t start with that single event and what I think can only be fairly called a catastrophic failure across the board, which resulted in this terrible tragedy. One important piece of the White House plan is to train school staffers. The President strongly supports a bill introduced by the senior Senator from Utah that would authorize funding for school safety improvements. You wouldn’t think that would be con-troversial. Those school safety im-provements include training efforts, school threat assessment, and crisis intervention teams. This bill is called the STOP School Violence Act. We ought to pass it, and we ought to pass it today. As Senator H
ATCH said last week, there has been little disagreement but a lot of discussion and debate and not much legislative progress. He said: ‘‘To break the impasse, we must unite on the issues where we agree.’’ I couldn’t agree with Senator H
ATCH  more. We must unite on the issues where we can agree. One of those issues relates to a bill that I have introduced with the junior Senator from Con-necticut, Mr. M
URPHY , to improve background checks on gun purchases. NICS is the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System. As of earlier today, the bill called Fix NICS now has 69 cosponsors. That is nine votes more than we need in order to pass legislation, so clearly we could and should get it done. The numbers speak for themselves: 32 Republicans and 36 Democrats want to strengthen the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System. Why? Because we want to save lives. There have been some who have come to the floor and have said in public comments: Well, we want to do more. Well, God bless you. I hope that we will have other ideas presented that could do even more, but we know this has the political support and the crit-ical mass we need to get this done in the Senate and to get it done now. The reason this particular legislation is supported by so many Senators is, essentially, that it enforces current law. In other words, current law states that a felon—a person convicted of a felony in any court in the Nation—can-not buy or possess a firearm. It also says that a person who has committed and been convicted of an act of domes-tic violence cannot purchase or possess a firearm. If you entered the country illegally, you cannot possess or pur-chase a firearm, and so on and so forth. There are also provisions that if you have been adjudicated as a person with mental illness, you cannot legally pur-chase or possess a firearm. The prob-lem is that many States and the Fed-eral Government have done a very poor job of uploading the appropriate infor-mation into the FBI’s National Instant Criminal Background Check System, so there are gaps in the system. The most notable one recently oc-curred in Sutherland Springs, TX, out-side of San Antonio, where 26 people were killed and 20 more were injured by a gunman who purchased the guns ille-gally. He lied on his background check and, sadly, the Federal Government had failed to discharge its duty to upload the appropriate information, which would have revealed that at the point of sale. I am convinced that those 26 people who are dead would be alive today and the 20 more who were wound-ed would not have been shot if an ap-propriate background check system had been in place. We have reached critical mass, and I believe we are at a tipping point. I believe the public is demanding that we do something. That is what we usually hear when these mass shoot-ings occur. People say: Well, do some-thing. My question is, OK, what is it that you want us to do? This is something concrete and spe-cific. It enjoys broad political support and will save lives, so I believe it is worth doing, and it is worth doing today, if possible. TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, the other topic I want to address is the legislation that was signed into law in December called the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. That is the for-mal name of the comprehensive over-haul of our Nation’s Tax Code. The tax change we made was a change in the law that doubled the standard deduc-tion, meaning that for the first $24,000 a married couple earns, they will pay zero income tax. It doubled the child tax credit. It lowered tax rates across the board, and for the first time in a long time, it made the United States more competitive when it comes to at-tracting investment and businesses around the globe. (Mr. CRUZ assumed the Chair.) We know that our Tax Code had been a self-inflicted wound. With the highest tax rate in the world, businesses were moving offshore to lower tax jurisdic-tions—such as Ireland, for example—in order to avoid the highest taxes here in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.001 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1656 March 13, 2018 
the United States. We changed that by lowering the business tax rate to at-tract people to bring that money back to the United States rather than leav-ing it overseas. Today, I want to briefly mention one of several portions of the law that is frequently overlooked. They don’t steal the headlines, but they actually de-serve more recognition. The one I am thinking of is the one sponsored by the junior Senator from South Carolina, Mr. S
COTT, called the Investing in Opportunity Act. Impor-tantly, this measure helps incentivize long-term private investment in com-munities that need it most. That is why it is called the Investing in Oppor-tunity Act. It provides a new way for investors across the Nation to pool their resources through newly created opportunity funds established specifi-cally for making investment in eco-nomically distressed communities, so designated by State Governors. As any businessperson will tell you, private capital formation is a nec-essary ingredient for planting the seeds of job creation and opportunity. Our economically distressed communities need this sort of investment, and this provision of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act makes that possible and more likely. That is just one of the provisions we need to keep reminding folks back home about because they get so much disinformation, and, of course, there is so much information coming at us that it easily gets lost in the day-to-day shuffle. These are important provi-sions, and I think they bear some em-phasis. The Presiding Officer and I have the great privilege of representing 28 mil-lion Texans. He and I hear from them from time to time on the legislation we pass. On the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, I heard from Pam from Amarillo, TX. She prefers that her last name not be mentioned, and I will certainly respect that. She thought she had made a mis-take when she was figuring out her payroll at her company at the end of February. Because the pay increases to employees were just that big, she thought she had made a mistake. She said the differences in withholding were ‘‘significant’’ and a real ‘‘boost in salary.’’ Similarly, we heard from Glenda from Midland, TX, who wrote to me re-cently. Glenda has been retired since 2013, which, she reminded me, means that she is living on a fixed income with no possibility of pay increases or year-end bonuses. That doesn’t mean she is not grateful for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. She said that the reduction in her income taxes feels like a raise, even though she is retired and living on a fixed income. She took the critics to task for call-ing her additional income crumbs. She said that maybe to them it is crumbs, but ‘‘every single dollar makes a dif-ference’’ to her. She called the effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act an ‘‘abso-lute blessing.’’ I want to express my gratitude to Glenda and Pam for sharing their sto-ries because I think it is really impor-tant to make sure that the facts get out. According to what the Bureau of Labor Statistics said last week, Mid-land—where Glenda lives—had the largest employment increase in the country over the last year. This past January in Midland, the increase was 10.4 percent. In Texas, they also had the lowest unemployment rate of 2.4 percent, a significant decrease from 4 percent at the same time last year. Of course, as the Presiding Officer and I know, Midland is the epicenter of energy production, and they are basi-cally trying to get as many people as are willing to work on the jobs that produce energy to fuel our economy. Glenda is actually a part of a larger story that involves not only the place she calls home but also the entire country. After years of economic stagnation, Americans are finally getting some good economic news. In February, the U.S. economy added 313,000 jobs— 313,000 jobs. That is about one-third of a million. The unemployment rate is at a 17-year low, and it would have been even lower but for the fact that the number of people actually in the work-force increased by 806,000 in February alone. Let me say that again. The rea-son the unemployment rate actually didn’t dip statistically lower from 4.1 percent is that 800,000-plus Americans reentered the workforce. To me, that is a remarkable statistic and a reason for hope that our economy will continue to grow and people will continue to find work, provide for their families, and pursue their dreams. Since January of last year, our econ-omy has added nearly 3 million jobs. Consumer confidence is at the highest level since 2000. The good news is that it is happening not because the Federal Government is spending the money but because the people who are actually earning it are getting the money and spending it as they see fit. Glenda and Pam are just two of the examples I have mentioned, but they are proof that spirits are high, people are hopeful, and the economy is gain-ing force. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:34 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. PORTMAN ). 
f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH, REGULATORY RELIEF, AND CONSUMER PRO-TECTION ACT—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to express my strong support for the legislation we are de-bating, which will restore economic op-portunity, create jobs, help businesses grow, and help every Nevadan as they work to achieve the American dream. As a member of the Senate Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, I can tell you that this legislation is years in the making, and I wish to thank the chairman of the committee, Senator C
RAPO , and my fel-low colleagues who are on the com-mittee for their efforts to get us where we are today. For years the economy had been growing slowly after the great reces-sion. It was like a truck with a bad transmission. It was moving, but it wasn’t going anywhere fast. Today ev-erything has changed. The American economy has been primed, the engine has been started, and through the work of the Senate and President Trump, the gas pedal has been hit, and our econ-omy is finally going full speed ahead. Just a few month ago, we passed his-toric tax cuts for Nevada families and for Nevada businesses. A typical Ne-vada family of four will roughly get a $2,200 tax cut. We lowered the indi-vidual rates across the board and dou-bled the standard deduction used by most Nevadans, allowing them to keep more of their paycheck. This bill also included my efforts to double the child tax credit, from $1,000 to $2,000, further easing the tax burden on working fami-lies. Overall, these tax cuts accomplish my three major goals of creating more jobs, increasing wages, and making America more competitive around the world. I am proud to have worked on these tax cuts, but Congress can do more. That is why we are here today. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act we are debating is the next major step that we must take to shift our econ-omy into another gear. This bipartisan bill tailors financial regulations to pro-tect consumers and help Nevadans have more access to financial resources and more access to economic opportunities. It will give Nevadans more choices when it comes to finding a loan to buy a house, to buy a car to get to work, to start a business, and, for that matter, to grow their business. Finally, this bill helps to ensure that local lenders can grow their services for every com-munity in Nevada. This is the oil in the economic en-gine. It keeps not only cities like Las Vegas, Henderson, and Reno running but all communities in Nevada, such as Mesquite, Pahrump, Carson City, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.014 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1657 March 13, 2018 
Fallon, Elko, and Ely. This bill in-cludes many bipartisan proposals that I fought for. I am pleased that the leg-islation I offered with Senator M
ENEN -
DEZ to ease workforce mobility for mortgage loan officers who wish to move to Nevada or to change jobs is in-cluded in the base text. In committee I offered an amend-ment that was based off of legislation I worked on with Senator W
ARNER that would require the regulators for credit unions to publish their annual budgets and to hold a public hearing on that budget. It would increase public trans-parency and ensure that Nevada credit union members have a voice in Wash-ington, DC. Working with my friend Senator T
ESTER , we were able to include lan-guage to increase congressional over-sight of the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department in order to en-sure that our best interests are rep-resented at international insurance discussions on capital standards. I was also pleased that language au-thored by Senators P
ERDUE , TESTER , D
ONNELLY , and myself was incor-porated to require consumer credit bu-reaus to provide free and timely secu-rity credit freezes to all consumers. It also requires credit bureaus to provide consumers a notice at any time of their consumer rights and for the credit bu-reaus to tell consumers on their websites that they have a right to re-quest a security freeze, fraud alert, and an Active-Duty military fraud alert. Additionally, this bill includes the Community Lender Exam Act that I co-led with Senator D
ONNELLY , which would allow more highly rated commu-nity lenders to be examined every 18 months instead of 12 months. This will help safe and sound local lenders to di-rect more of their time and capital to Nevada communities and ensure the same level of regulatory supervision. With this bill we are seeing some-thing rare in Washington, DC—Demo-crats and Republicans working to-gether to help Americans have more economic opportunities. Let me say that again. This bill will help Ameri-cans have more economic opportuni-ties. That is why I am here in the Sen-ate—to give every Nevadan the oppor-tunity to live the fullest life and to achieve their goals. I look forward to voting to support this legislation, and I would encourage all of my colleagues to do the same. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I am here to discuss the merits of S. 2155, a bill that I have been working on since coming to the Senate in 2013. It is a bill that addresses the concerns of rural fi-nancial institutions, particularly those in our rural communities. It is a bill that was drafted to address access to capital concerns and the consolidation of small banks in areas where I live, which is in the State of North Dakota. It is a bill that I am incredibly proud of. I know that there have been a lot of statements made about this bill in the last week, and I am here to set a lot of those straight. Before I start, I wish to talk about what it is like in rural communities where I grew up. I find it interesting when I hear that this bill is about Wall Street banks and big bank bailouts. The last time I checked, Lincoln State Bank, which is my small community bank in the community where I went to high school, in Hankinson, ND, is not on the Fortune 500. It is not on the Fortune 100. It is a small community bank that has been operating and has been available to consumers in my community to help them achieve their family goals, achieve their farming goals, and achieve their needs for cap-ital going forward. I don’t recognize the bill that is being debated here in the U.S. Senate because it is not the bill that has been written, and it is not the bill that is hopefully going to pass the Senate. I don’t think that it is any mistake, when you look at the five primary sponsors of this bill—the five of us who wrote this bill—that most of us are from predominantly rural States. I think we understand the needs of those living in our States and the needs of those living in our rural communities. When you look at an opportunity to fix regulation and to respond to con-cerns that people have, one of the con-stant arguments that I get when I go home is this: There is no longer any common sense in Washington, DC. They don’t understand where we live. They don’t understand who we are. They don’t understand that we live in communities and that we support and protect each other. Instead, they write one regulation that is supposed to be one-size-fits-all. That is certainly not what this is. This is an attempt to write a bill that would give direction to the Federal regulators so that small banks could be treated as small banks and so that large banks could continue to be regu-lated and treated as the large, system-ically significant institutions that they are. I will give just a few statistics that I think everybody should understand. Thirty years ago, there were approxi-mately 14,000 banks in the United States. Today, there are approximately 5,000. Since the passage of Dodd-Frank, the United States has lost about 14 per-cent of its smallest banks. Meanwhile, the small banks’ share of U.S. domestic deposits and banking assets has de-creased, and the five largest U.S. banks, which don’t benefit from our bill, appear to have absorbed much of this market share. What I have said consistently is that Dodd-Frank was supposed to have stopped too big to fail, but the net re-sult has been too small to succeed. The big banks have gotten bigger since the passage of Dodd-Frank, and the small banks have disappeared. They have re-treated from their traditional role of relationship lending, first out of fear for regulation in that they might be doing something wrong and then out of fear of the cost of regulation if they are going to work towards compliance. I will make one simple point. This bill was not written by Wall Street bankers, and it was not written by Wall Street lobbyists. If it had been, it would have been a completely different bill in that it would actually provide relief to Wall Street banks and Wall Street bankers, but it does exactly the opposite. It will give relief to those in-stitutions, whether they be regional banks or small community banks, that can be effective competition for the largest institutions in this country. It is absolutely essential that we set the record straight that this bill is to get our relationship institutions— whether they be credit unions or banks or our regional institutions that are not doing anything more sophisticated than the work that is being done in our small community banks—the regu-latory relief that they need to effec-tively compete against the biggest banks in this country and to tailor our regulations, to set our regulations, in a way that reflects the common sense of American citizens. I will take a minute because I think a lot of things that have been said about this bill have been incredibly reckless. These inaccurate claims, if left unchallenged and undiscussed, will create the legislative history of this bill, which could, in fact, then be used by many of the same institutions that we believe are not affected by this bill to argue that they are entitled to some sort of protection. We can’t let that happen. First, let me start by saying this is not a giveaway to Wall Street. It is not a giveaway to the largest institutions. Our bipartisan bill makes targeted, commonsense fixes so as to provide tangible relief to community banks and credit unions so that they can lend to borrowers in rural America and sup-port rural communities. It leaves in place rules and regulations that hold Wall Street accountable. In fact, the big banks aren’t necessarily happy with this bill because it doesn’t benefit them much. When we asked the current regu-lators, such as Fed Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell—he basically said that he believes the bill gives the regulators the tools they need to continue to pro-tect and prevent against financial col-lapse. Let me say how the bill doesn’t help the largest institutions. It will not make any significant changes to the regulations that face the largest Wall Street banks. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.016 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1658 March 13, 2018 
will continue to be reined in from caus-ing havoc to the financial system like they did during the financial crisis. It will not make any structural changes to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. It will be allowed to continue to protect consumers. It will do noth-ing to weaken or repeal the Volcker rule. The only institutions that will be given any relief from the Volcker rule will be those banks that have under $10 billion in assets. That is not JPMorgan; that is not Citibank; that is not Goldman Sachs; that is not the largest of institutions. Those institu-tions of $10 billion or less are the only institutions that will get relief from the Volcker rule. It also does not change the way the Federal Reserve regulates foreign banks. Second, this bill will not lead to an-other mortgage lending crisis. Let’s just go back and examine what happened in 2008. We had a significant number of liar loans—subprime lend-ing—which drove the mortgage mar-ket. That was troublesome and prob-lematic in and of itself, but the real problem came when those mortgages were securitized and sold into the sec-ondary market. That is where the trou-ble began. It was trouble enough that they were putting institutions in jeop-ardy, but they were passing along that risk to the public through these securitized products—derivatives. Guess what. When the whole thing col-lapsed, we looked behind, and we saw these risky mortgage loans. We saw what actually created some of the problems on the front end before it was securitized. Nothing in this bill changes qualified mortgage standards. Nothing in this bill removes the protections that Dodd- Frank has provided to the secondary market. The only thing this bill does as it relates to mortgages is to say to those small institutions, which are the small community banks that I am fa-miliar with, that they can make mort-gages without worrying about the qualified mortgage standards. They can go ahead and do that. The one thing they can’t do is sell those mortgages into the secondary market. They have to keep those mortgages on the books. When you have a requirement that they keep them on the books, do you really, honestly believe that these in-stitutions are going to take unneces-sary risks? The answer is no. Guess what. They didn’t take unnecessary risks before 2008. They did not cause this problem, but they are incurring the bulk of the expenses to fix this problem. To suggest that we are, in fact, risk-ing the financial security of this coun-try—of our institutions—because we gave a small, discrete break on mort-gages to the smallest of institutions, which have to keep these mortgages in portfolio, is absurd. If you don’t believe me, let’s look at what Congressman Barney Frank, one of the architects of Dodd-Frank, said yesterday. He said, ‘‘Nothing in this bill in any way weak-ens the prohibition about making shaky loans to people with weak credit and then packaging them into a secu-rity.’’ Our bill restores the balance for small community banks in the mort-gage business without opening the door to excesses and predatory lending standards that led to the financial cri-sis. To suggest otherwise is disingen-uous and simply not true. We have to push back against this idea that some-how we are rolling back the clock. In fact, in this same interview, Congress-man Barney Frank said that about 95 percent of Dodd-Frank, as it is written, will remain intact after this bill passes—95 percent. You would not be-lieve that to listen to the dialogue and the diatribe we have heard on the floor. The third misstatement is that we will somehow scrap the rules for the largest Wall Street banks and allow re-gional banks with up to $250 billion in assets to follow the same rules and reg-ulations as the tiny community banks. Again, this is not true. Far from scrapping the rules, our bill simply provides that the Federal Reserve has the ability to tailor one piece of Dodd- Frank, and that is the section 165 regu-lations. For certain regional lenders, that means that if they do not pose systemic risk, they will not be subject to the requirements of section 165. Yet, if the Fed determines that they could, as in the case, as you have heard, of Countrywide—if there is another Coun-trywide out there and the Fed dis-covers another Countrywide—it can, in fact, include that institution in section 165. So let’s not exaggerate the impact of this bill. Let’s talk about how we have moved the assumption from $50 billion or $100 billion to $250 billion in terms of what is systemically risky, knowing that the Fed can always go back and include smaller institutions if they, in fact, see the challenges. The other thing that we need to point out about the Dodd-Frank regulations and consistent regulations in moving forward is that our bill still requires very rigorous stress testing for these regional institutions. Regional institu-tions would have to have the ability to meet those stress tests. At his confirmation hearing, Chair-man Powell called the framework of this bill a sensible one, and he affirmed that he would like to continue mean-ingful and frequent stress tests on banks between $100 billion and $250 bil-lion, as provided for in this bill, while he confirmed that it is not necessary to stress test the smaller banks. I think that this position is supported, again, by Janet Yellen, who said, ‘‘I do think it’s appropriate to tailor regulations to the system footprint of the financial organization’’ and called our bipartisan Senate bill ‘‘a move in a direction that we think would be good.’’ Moreover, our bill does not change the risk-based capital and leverage re-gime for these regional institutions under the Basel III reforms. Relatedly, our bill does not change the fact that the comprehensive capital analysis and review—what we call CCAR—applies to these regional banks. Of course, the Fed has said it will continue to imple-ment enhanced prudential standards. In addition to stress tests that are re-quired under this bill for some banks over $100 billion, we have all of these other requirements and the require-ment that they continue to meet quali-fied mortgage standards. They can sell these mortgages into the secondary market if they meet those standards. It is critically important that we be very clear about what this bill does and does not do for our midsized or regional institutions. The fourth and probably the most hurtful of the claims that have been made is that those of us who care deep-ly about preventing and eliminating discrimination in lending have some-how opened the door to allow for dis-crimination in lending by changing the HMDA standards. That is an out-rageous claim and particularly hurtful for the Members of this body who have spent their lives fighting discrimina-tion. I want to talk about the facts. Our bill continues to require that all lenders, no matter the size, collect the traditional HMDA data, which includes information on race, gender, and eth-nicity. Contrary to what some have said, our bill only relaxes the new, ad-ditional data requirements for some of the smallest lenders in the country— those that make less than 500 loans a year. This data only makes up 3.5 per-cent of all of the data collected under HMDA. Think about that. We are claiming that people are discrimi-nating and allowing for discrimination because we are relaxing the standards for the smallest institutions, and it only amounts to 3.5 percent of the total data collected—3.5 percent. This is an outrageous statement, and it is needs to be corrected on the record. You might ask, why even change the 3.5? For those small institutions, the 44 pages of data that they are required to collect—it may, in fact, be that they no longer are interested in doing those kinds of mortgages. So it is very important that we cor-rect the record. In fact, I asked Chair-man Powell during a recent Banking Committee hearing to clarify whether he believed the change in S. 2155 would result in or lead to additional discrimi-nation in lending. He said that he did not believe that it in any way would af-fect their ability to enforce the fair lending laws in this country. Fifth, some have inaccurately al-leged that the change from ‘‘may’’ to ‘‘shall’’ in the tailoring is a dangerous provision that empowers big banks to secure more favorable treatment from the government. I think that claim does not stand up to scrutiny. First, it is common sense that we should tailor Federal regulations so they are implemented in a practical and effective way. Second, in our bill, we retain the broad rule of construc-tion under section 165, which provides 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.017 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1659 March 13, 2018 
the Federal Reserve with wide latitude to tailor prudential standards to any company or category of companies based on any risk the Fed deems appro-priate—pretty broad authority on the part of the Federal Government. Third, in the event of a lawsuit, the Fed would be given strong deference by the courts to interpret what might apply to section 165. Sixth, our bill would not open up tar-geted reforms to the supplementary le-verage ratio beyond the three custody banks. Under the plain reading of this bill, the three custody banks are the only three institutions that are pre-dominantly engaged in the custody business. Of course, the regulators re-tain the discretion to make appro-priate adjustments to SLR. To be clear, there is broad agreement among regulators that the unique busi-ness model of custody banks warrants tailored treatment of the SLR provi-sion. That is why a substantially simi-lar bill passed the House Financial Services Committee—no lighthearted people there on the minority side—by a vote of 60 to 0. Finally, our bill will not gut over-sight of foreign megabanks operating in the United States such as Barclays and Deutsche Bank. These three insti-tutions, all of which have over $250 bil-lion in assets, will be subject to section 165 of Dodd-Frank. That means foreign banks will still be subject to foreign bank stress test requirements, liquid-ity stress testing, and strict Basel III capital requirements. Our bill does not change the Fed’s re-quirement that large foreign banks es-tablish an intermediate holding com-pany in the United States, which sub-jects foreign banks’ U.S. operations to requirements similar to those imposed on U.S. banks. Chairman Powell at the March Sen-ate Banking Committee hearing was asked about this, and he said he did not believe this bill would exempt foreign banks from tough oversight under Dodd-Frank. Additionally, the sub-stitute amendment for this bill has af-firmed that large foreign banks do not escape Dodd-Frank supervision. I think it is really important that we debate the actual merits of this bill and not the ‘‘boogeyman’’ merits—the statements that this bill will somehow lead to a catastrophic downfall of our financial system. As I said, even Bar-ney Frank disagrees with that evalua-tion of this bill. It is important we set the record straight on what this bill does and does not do and that we make sure that when a court is reviewing this provi-sion—if, in fact, there is ever litiga-tion—that the court has a record to go to on the floor of the Senate and in the committee which corrects misstatements and refocuses the bill on what the actual intended outcome is and how the bill was actually written. So with that, I will yield the floor, but I will say I intend to submit a doc-ument for the R
ECORD in the next dis-cussion, which, hopefully, will provide a written document outlining the myth versus the facts of this bill so we can have an actual record that the courts can look to that documents the intent and the purpose of this legislation be-yond the hyperbole and overstatement that we have heard. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. WARREN. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I have come to the floor of the Sen-ate five times over the past week to talk about how the bank lobbyist act puts American families in danger of getting punched in the gut in another financial crisis. I have talked about how it rolls back consumer protections and how, if it passes, 25 of the 40 larg-est banks in this country—banks that sucked down, collectively, almost $50 billion in bailout money during the cri-sis, and nobody went to jail—can be regulated like tiny, little community banks. I talked about how the bill will roll back the rules on the very biggest banks in this country—JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, and the rest of them—banks that broke our economy in 2008, banks where no one went to jail, banks where taxpayers coughed up $180 billion to bail them out. I talked about how Washington is poised to make the same mistake it has made many times before deregulating giant banks while the economy is cruising, only to set the stage for another finan-cial crisis. Now, I am not the only one who has talked about problems with this bill. The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg, the FDIC, the Congressional Budget Of-fice, the NAACP, the Urban League have all talked about parts of this bill that cause problems and would cause problems in our economy. Today, I want to talk about another part of the bill that keeps me awake at night—the part that guts our ability to find and go after mortgage discrimina-tion by exempting 85 percent of banks from reporting data about the loans they make under a law called the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act or HMDA. There is a long and shameful history in this country of discriminating against communities of color when they try to buy homes. From 1934 to 1968, the Federal Housing Administra-tion led the charge, actively discrimi-nating by refusing to insure loans to qualified buyers while helping White families finance their plans to achieve the American dream. This policy was not a secret. Nope. It was not the prod-uct of a handful of racist government officials. Nope. It was the official pol-icy of the U.S. Government until 1968— in my lifetime and the lifetime of 90 Senators who serve today. The official policy of this government was to help White people buy homes and to deny that help to Black people. Because the Federal Government had set this standard, private lenders enthusiasti-cally followed Washington’s lead. Homes are the way that millions of working families built some economic security. They pay down a mortgage and own an asset that over time often appreciates. A home serves as security to fund other ventures—to start a small business or to send a youngster to college. If Grandma and Grandpa could hang on to the home and get it paid off, they can often pass along an asset that boosts the finances of the next generation and the one after that. That is exactly what White people have done for generations—but not Black people. Systematically, over many decades, government policies that encouraged mortgage companies to lend only to White borrowers cut the legs out from under minority families trying to build some family wealth, and the result has been exactly what you would predict. It has contributed to a staggering gap of wealth between White communities and communities of color today. One statistic from Mas-sachusetts, according to the Boston Globe, states that the median net worth of White families living in Bos-ton is $247,500, and the median net worth for a Black family is $8. That is something all Americans, regardless of race, should be ashamed of. When I was traveling around the country in the aftermath of the finan-cial crisis, it became clear to me that the crash had made the problem worse. Subprime lenders that had peddled mortgages full of tricks and traps had specifically targeted minority bor-rowers. That meant that during the great recession, a huge number of mi-nority borrowers lost their homes. When rising home prices helped White Americans regain some financial secu-rity, communities of color, with their lower homeownership rates and their higher foreclosure rates, were often left behind. Again, this is just one example. Ac-cording to Pew, between 2010 and 2013, the median wealth of White households grew by 2.4 percent, but the wealth of Hispanic households in that same time fell by 14.3 percent, and the wealth of African-American households fell by 33.7 percent. Mortgage discrimination didn’t end in the 1960s when formal redlining poli-cies were abolished. It didn’t end with the tightening of mortgage rules fol-lowing the financial crisis. Lending discrimination is still alive and well in America in 2018. According to a new report that just came out from the Center for Inves-tigative Reporting and Reveal, in 2015 and 2016, nearly two-thirds of mortgage lenders denied loans for people of color 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.019 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1660 March 13, 2018 
at higher rates than for White people. This problem affects both big and small lenders, and it is nationwide. Minority borrowers were more likely to be de-nied a mortgage than White borrowers with the same income in 61 different cities across America. How do we know that? Because of HMDA data. That is how we can see how much Black families were charged for a mortgage or how often Latino families were denied a chance to take out a mortgage—and we can compare those numbers with White borrowers who have the same income and same credit scores, but we can’t do that if the data is missing. It is impossible to detect and fight mortgage discrimina-tion without HMDA data. The banking bill on the floor of the Senate says that 85 percent of the banks will no longer be required to re-port HMDA data, including the bor-rower’s credit score and age; the loan’s points, fees, and interest rates, and the property value. Eighty-five percent. This data is essential to figuring out whether the borrower got a fair deal. If this bill passes, there will be entire communities where there will not be enough data to figure out whether bor-rowers are getting ripped off, entire communities where it will be impos-sible to monitor whether people are getting cheated because of their race or gender, entire communities where Fed-eral and State regulators will not be able to bring cases, and independent groups like Reveal will not be able to hold these groups accountable. Sure, banks will save a little money by not having to fill out the HMDA data, but when communities of color are once again left behind, there will be no way to prove it. That is why civil rights groups around the country have spoken up against this bill. The Lead-ership Conference on Civil and Human Rights said ‘‘[e]xempting the over-whelming majority of our Nation’s banks and credit unions from an ex-panded HMDA requirement that would better enable Federal regulators, State attorneys general, fair housing advo-cates, and others to identify and ad-dress discriminatory and predatory mortgage practices is unwise.’’ The Urban League and the National Community Reinvestment Coalition wrote in a newspaper column that the bill ‘‘would be a giant step backwards for the public and national groups who use this data to ensure banks treat all borrowers equally.’’ According to the NAACP, the bill ‘‘would devastate our attempts to determine—and poten-tially rectify—racially discriminatory lending or loan approval patterns at play.’’ This is about basic fairness. HMDA data is an investment we should be making to make sure that all qualified Americans have the same chance to buy a home. Throughout our history, Washington has always fallen short of that goal. Gutting HMDA allows our country and our government to ignore discrimination, letting history repeat itself. Communities of color will pay the price if this Congress makes this same mistake again. It isn’t too late. We can stop this bill from becoming law. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
STOP ENABLING SEX TRAFFICKERS ACT  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I want to talk about the tragedy of human trafficking. I want to talk about it today because this is an issue that I hope the entire U.S. Senate will take up within the next week. We have legislation on which we have worked on a bipartisan basis over the last couple of years, and we have an op-portunity late this week or early next week to address this growing problem. I have spent a lot of time focused on this issue over the last couple of years because of the growth of trafficking and my sense that we can do something constructive about it. Others have been involved as well. Today, I will be at the White House for a meeting that Ivanka Trump is hosting with congressional colleagues, anti-trafficking advocates, and others who have demonstrated a commitment to addressing this issue. We will talk about the need to pass this legislation, get it to the President’s desk for signa-ture, and begin to help women and chil-dren across our country who are cur-rently being exploited online. We will probably talk about lots of different kinds of trafficking this after-noon, including work trafficking and other human trafficking, but the one I want to focus on this afternoon is sex trafficking, and the reason is that we think we have a legislative solution for addressing the biggest problem. Unbelievably, right now in this coun-try, sex trafficking is actually increas-ing. That is based on all the best data we are getting from all the experts around the country. They say that it is increasing primarily for one simple reason, and that is the internet. The great increase is happening online. As some have said, this is because of the ruthless efficiency of selling people online. When I am back home in Ohio, victims tell me: Rob, this has moved from the street corner to the smartphone. There is a ruthless effi-ciency about it. Anti-trafficking organizations, such as the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, Shared Hope Inter-national, and others, have told us that the majority of the online sex traf-ficking they encounter occurs through one single website, and that is backpage.com. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children says that backpage is involved in about 75 percent of the online trafficking reports it receives from the public. Shared Hope Inter-national says it is more than that. I chair the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. Learning about what is going on online, we decided to do an in-depth investigation to find out what is really happening and how we could address it. We spent 18 months study-ing this, and studying online traf-ficking quickly led us to backpage.com because, again, that is where the ma-jority of this commercial sex traf-ficking is occurring. What we found was really shocking. Not only was backpage—as other websites have in the past—selling women and children online, but this or-ganization and others are actually complicit in these crimes; in other words, they knew much more than we had previously thought. We found that backpage was actually knowingly sell-ing people online. We did this through a subpoena proc-ess that had to be approved here in the U.S. Senate because the company ob-jected to responding to our subpoenas. For the first time in 21 years, we had to come to the U.S. Senate to get ap-proval to actually enforce the sub-poena. We then had to take it all the way to the Supreme Court because they appealed it all the way up, and we won. Through this, we were able to get about 1 million documents. We went through these documents to find out what was happening. What we learned was that this website actually was ac-tively and knowingly involved in sell-ing people online. When a user would post an ad that might have a word indi-cating that the girl they were selling was underage—for instance, it might say ‘‘cheerleader’’ or it might simply reference the age of the girl being 16, 17 years old or younger sometimes—in-stead of rejecting that ad, knowing that it was of course illegal, they would instead clean up the ad; in other words, they would edit out the words that indicated someone was underage. They didn’t just remove the post be-cause they didn’t want to lose the rev-enue—and you can imagine this is a very lucrative business. They just in-sisted that the ad be edited. By the way, this also covered up the evidence of the crime, so it was then harder for law enforcement to find out who was involved in the selling of girls online—and underage girls. Of course, it also increased the company’s profits. That is what we found in our investiga-tion. We also found that for years and years people who had been trying to hold these websites accountable in court had failed, and they had failed and been unsuccessful because of a Fed-eral law that, in essence, said to these websites: You have an immunity to be able to do this. You couldn’t do it on the street corner, but online you have an immunity to be able to do it. I recommend a powerful documen-tary. It is called ‘‘I am Jane Doe.’’ You 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.020 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1661 March 13, 2018 
can find it on iamjanedoe.com. It is on Netflix. It tells the story of underage girls who have been exploited on backpage. It talks about the trauma they have experienced, and, finally, it also talks about their frustration with their inability to hold these websites accountable. What might surprise you is the rea-son these websites are not held ac-countable—the more we dug into it, the more it became clear—is that Washington basically passed a Federal law, which I believe has been misinter-preted by the courts, but it has been interpreted by the courts to say that these websites have no risk, that they are not liable, and that they have an immunity under Federal law. It is called the Communications Decency Act. The Communications Decency Act was enacted back in 1996, when the internet was in its infancy. It was in-tended to protect websites from liabil-ity based on third-party posts on that website. I understand the intention of Congress, but it now protects websites when they knowingly allow this crimi-nal activity—the crime of sex traf-ficking—to occur through their site. I believe Congress meant well when enacting this law. In fact, part of its original intent was actually to protect children from indecent material on the internet by holding individuals liable for sending explicit material to those children. Now that same law is being used as a shield by websites that promote and engage in online sex trafficking with immunity. I don’t believe Congress ever intended this broad liability pro-tection for websites that actively and knowingly facilitate online sex traf-ficking, but the legal interpretation of the law has led to this. That is why America’s district attorneys, 50 State attorneys general, judges all over the country, and so many others have called on Congress to amend this Com-munications Decency law and fix this injustice—really, this loophole. Last year, a Sacramento judge threw out pimping charges against backpage and directly called on Congress to act. Here is what this judge said—again, this sort of message has been repeated by other courts: ‘‘If and until Congress sees fit to amend the immunity law, the broad reach of section 230 of the Communications Decency Act even ap-plies to those alleged to support the ex-ploitation of others by human traf-ficking.’’ That is not just a suggestion; it is an invitation—an invitation to this Congress to act, calling on us to do what we were sent here to do, which is to craft laws that promote justice. For too long, victims of online sex trafficking have been denied the jus-tice they deserve, and now we have the opportunity here in the Senate—I hope within the next week—to fix that. Last August, I introduced legislation called the Stop Enabling Sex Traf-fickers Act, or SESTA, with a bipar-tisan group of 24 cosponsors, including my coauthor, Senator R ICHARD  B
LUMENTHAL , and Senators J OHN M
CCAIN, CLAIRE MCCASKILL , JOHNCOR-
NYN, HEIDIHEITKAMP , and others. SESTA would provide justice for vic-tims of online sex trafficking and hold accountable those websites that inten-tionally facilitate these crimes. We do this by making two very narrowly crafted changes to Federal law. First, we remove the Communications De-cency Act’s broad liability protections for a narrow set of bad-actor websites that knowingly facilitate sex traf-ficking crimes—high standard: know-ingly. Second, the legislation allows State attorneys general to prosecute websites that violate existing Federal trafficking laws. SESTA simply says that if you are violating Federal sex trafficking laws and you are knowingly facilitating it, then you have to be held to account. That seems to make all the sense in the world, and it will make a big difference for these girls and women who are being exploited online. Our bill protects websites that are doing the right thing, by the way. In fact, it preserves what is called the Good Samaritan provision of the Com-munications Decency Act, which pro-tects good actors who proactively block and screen their sites for offen-sive material, and thus it shields them from frivolous lawsuits. I think that is appropriate. We simply carve out a very limited exception in the Commu-nications Decency Act’s liability pro-tections for those who knowingly fa-cilitate sex trafficking. By the way, there are already excep-tions for things in this law—exceptions for things like copyright infringement. This isn’t a new idea. So unless you think protecting copyrights is more important than protecting women and children from the trauma of traf-ficking, you should be for this. Even those who support section 230 other-wise should strongly support this. If a prosecutor can prove in court that a website has committed these acts, SESTA allows that website to be held liable and the victims to get the justice they deserve. By the way, 68 Senators now—more than two-thirds of this body—have signed on as cosponsors of this legisla-tion, a majority of Republicans and a majority of Democrats. That doesn’t happen very often around here. The House of Representatives passed SESTA as an amendment to a broader anti-sex trafficking bill just a couple of weeks ago by an overwhelming mar-gin—more than 300 folks. The Trump administration has endorsed this solu-tion and again shown a commitment to the issue. So SESTA has overwhelming support from the White House, from more than 300 House Members, and from the 68 Senators who signed on to be a part of this solution. I think one reason it has gotten so much support is because of the logic of the legislation, the fact that we nar-rowly drew up the legislation not to af-fect internet freedom, to be sure we were listening to people who had con-cerns, but also, and more importantly, because we are all hearing about this issue back home. We are all hearing the stories, and they are powerful, they are compelling, and they are heart-breaking. Kubiiki Pride came to Congress, to our subcommittee, as we were looking into this issue and told us her story. In testimony, she said: My daughter ran away from home. She had gone miss-ing. She had been missing for several weeks. Obviously, I was very con-cerned. I couldn’t find her. Someone suggested that I look at this website called backpage, so I did. I found my daughter. She found her daughter—14 years old—but found her daughter in very sexually difficult photographs, horrible photographs of her beautiful daughter. So she called backpage.com and said: I am Kubiiki Pride, and that is my daughter on your website. She is 14 years old. I am so glad I found her. Thank you for taking down that ad. She is 14 years old. Do you know what the person on the other end of the phone said? They said: Did you post the ad? This is how evil these people are. She said: No, I didn’t post the ad. That is my daughter. I have been try-ing to find her. She has been missing for several weeks. They said: If you didn’t post the ad, if you didn’t pay for it, you can’t take it down and we won’t take it down. That is what we are dealing with here. Eventually, she found her daughter, got her daughter back. She went through the proper process to be able to hold backpage accountable, and guess what. The court said: Sorry. Under section 230 of the Communica-tions Decency Act—Congress wrote this bill—this website has immunity, even though she is 14 years old and she was being sold online. So I think that is why 68 Senators have said: Let’s step up and do this. This is something we can do around here that is not partisan, that isn’t about politics. It is about people. It is about human dignity. It is about ensur-ing that more girls like Kubiiki Pride’s daughter don’t have to go through this trauma, that more women and children can live out their life’s purpose with-out having to go through this trauma. I think that is why we have been able to find so many Members who want to step up and do something here and do something that will really make a dif-ference. So let’s vote on this legislation in the next week. Let’s get it signed into law so that more children and more women are not exploited through this brutally efficient online process of sell-ing people. If we do this, we are going to be able to provide justice to those victims who deserve it, and we are going to make this world a little better place. I urge the Senate to vote this next week. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.021 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1662 March 13, 2018 
For those Members who are not yet a part of this legislation, we urge you to join us. Wouldn’t it be great to have everybody on board to correct this in-justice, to close this loophole, and to ensure that everybody has the ability to meet their God-given purpose in life? I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 1551 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, today, I rise once again to urge this body to ad-dress the critical issue of securing the border and protecting those young im-migrants impacted by the uncertain fu-ture of the DACA Program. Last week, I offered legislation to extend DACA protection for 3 years and provide 3 years of increased funding for border security. Unfortunately, some of my colleagues chose to block that meas-ure. Let me first say, I understand and sympathize with my colleagues’ con-cerns. I, too, believe that DACA recipi-ents deserve a permanent solution, and I have repeatedly stated my strong preference for such a measure. We have tried to find this permanent solution through Republican-led bills, Demo-cratic-led bills, and bipartisan bills. Yet somehow, each time, we are in-capable of finding a compromise that can garner 60 votes. It is clear that we cannot achieve this goal right now, and no one is more disappointed about that fact than I am. I am the first to admit that this solu-tion I propose is far from perfect, but it provides a temporary fix to those cru-cial and critical problems. It begins the process of improving border security, and it ensures that DACA recipients will not lose protections or be left to face potential deportation. These young immigrants, brought here through no fault of their own, cannot wait for these protections. Likewise, border communities, like those in my home State of Arizona, cannot wait for increased security along the southern border. As I have said before, we in Congress have too regularly confused action with results and have become entirely too comfortable ignoring problems when they seem too difficult to solve. That is why, if this measure is blocked again today, I will be returning to the Senate floor repeatedly until we can pass some sort of solution. To put it as bluntly as possible, it is simply not something we can ignore any longer. I would like to again thank Senator H
EITKAMP for joining me as a cosponsor of this bill. She has always been a valu-able ally in bipartisan efforts to secure the border and to pass other immigra-tion reform measures. We may not be able to deliver a permanent solution for these problems at this time, but we can’t abdicate the responsibility of Congress to, at one point, solve them. There are many people whose lives and well-being depend on our ability to de-liver meaningful results. Therefore, Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Cal-endar No. 300, H.R. 1551. I further ask that the Flake substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be consid-ered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Georgia. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, I, for one, real-ly appreciate the Senator’s attempt to solve this issue. Our hearts are very similar. But a temporary solution, such as the one the Senator from Ari-zona has proposed, is not a solution, as he just said. It is, rather, another fail-ure of Congress to provide real border security for the American people. It provides only 25 percent of what we need to secure that border for the next 3 years. Does anybody really think that is acceptable? Something the President and the American people have in common is that they want border security. In ad-dition, Members of this body and the administration have spent a great deal of time over the last year, as a matter of fact, talking about a potential DACA solution. I am happy to report that people on both sides want this DACA situation solved permanently. I think the Senator from Arizona and I have the same desire there. Further, as a result of recent deci-sions by Federal district courts, cur-rent DACA recipients are free to con-tinue renewing their status unless and until the Supreme Court overturns those lower court decisions. It will likely be over a year before the Su-preme Court would even hear such a case. It is my opinion that we should take that time right now and continue working on a permanent DACA solu-tion, as well as the other legal immi-gration issues that we know are within reach, rather than settling for a tem-porary solution that does not address the problem. That permanent solution should also be one that ensures we are not back here in the future dealing with the same issue again. The bill the Senator from Arizona is now proposing would only take us fur-ther away from fulfilling our congres-sional responsibility, with a 3-year delay. I will be happy to work with the Senator from Arizona and any of our colleagues in this body to try to ad-dress any of the concerns he and they have with the Secure and Succeed Act, which we just voted on a couple of weeks ago. That bill is exactly what the President said he would sign into law. Therefore, Mr. President, I re-spectfully object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. PERDUE. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
YEMEN WAR POWERS RESOLUTION  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to use an oversized visual poster to be displayed during my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator W
YDEN be added as a cosponsor to my resolution, S.J. Res. 54. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, along with Senator M
URPHY and Senator L EE, I rise to talk about one of the most im-portant jobs the U.S. Congress has, and that is to fulfill its constitutional re-sponsibility about whether the United States of America engages in military action. We can disagree about the merits of this or that military action, but there should be absolutely no confusion that sending men and women of the U.S. military into conflict is the responsi-bility not of the President of the United States alone but of the U.S. Congress. Let us be very clear—and I say this especially to my conservative friends who talk about the Constitution all the time. Let me remind them as to what article I, section 8 of the Constitution reads in no uncertain terms: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power . . . to declare War.’’ The Founding Fathers gave the power to declare war to Congress—the branch most accountable to the people. For far too long, Congress, under both Democratic and Republican adminis-trations, has, in my view, abdicated its constitutional role in authorizing war. We are moving down a very slippery slope by which Congress is now becom-ing increasingly irrelevant in terms of that vitally important issue. In my view, the time is long overdue for Congress to reassert its constitu-tional authority. That is what Senator L
EE, Senator M URPHY , and I are doing with S.J. Res. 54. I am proud to have as cosponsors on that resolution Senator D
URBIN , Senator B OOKER , Senator W AR-
REN, Senator L EAHY , Senator M ARKEY , Senator F
EINSTEIN , and Senator W
YDEN . Many Americans are unaware that the people of Yemen—one of the poor-est countries in the world—are suf-fering terribly today in a devastating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.022 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1663 March 13, 2018 
civil war with Saudi Arabia and their allies on one side and Houthi rebels on the other. In November of last year, the United Nations Emergency Relief Coordinator said that Yemen was on the brink of the ‘‘largest famine the world has seen for many decades.’’ So far, thousands of civilians have died. The last count that I have seen is about 10,000. Over 40,000 have been wounded in the war. There are 15 mil-lion people who lack access to clean water and sanitation in an infrastruc-ture which has been devastated. More than 20 million people in Yemen—over two-thirds of the population—need some kind of humanitarian support, with nearly 10 million people in acute need of assistance. This is a humani-tarian disaster. This very sad picture of a young child who faces starvation is what is taking place throughout this country. Sadly, this is not the only child in that position. Famine is a serious and grow-ing problem in Yemen. Further, more than 1 million suspected cholera cases have been reported, potentially rep-resenting the worst cholera outbreak in world history. The pictures I have here today have been taken by photojournalists in Yemen, and they can attest to this human disaster. One of the problems we have is, un-fortunately, foreign policy is not an issue we talk about enough on the floor, and it is certainly not talked about enough in the media. Many Americans today are not aware that American forces have been actively en-gaged in the support of the Saudi coali-tion in this war—in its providing intel-ligence and the aerial refueling of planes whose bombs have killed thou-sands of people and made this crisis far worse. My colleagues and I, along with all of our cosponsors, believe that as Con-gress has not declared war or author-ized military force in this conflict, the U.S. involvement in Yemen is uncon-stitutional and unauthorized and the U.S. military support of the Saudi coa-lition must end. Without congressional authorization, our engagement in this war should be restricted to providing desperately needed humanitarian aid and diplomatic efforts to resolve this terrible civil war. That is why Senator L
EEand Senator M URPHY and I have in-troduced this joint resolution pursuant to the 1973 War Powers Resolution, which calls for an end to U.S. support for the Saudi war in Yemen. The War Powers Resolution defines the introduction of U.S. Armed Forces to include the ‘‘assignment of members of such Armed Forces to command, co-ordinate, participate in the movement of, or accompany the regular or irreg-ular military forces of any foreign country or government when such mili-tary forces are engaged, or there exists an imminent threat that such forces will become engaged, in hostilities.’’ Assisting with targeting intelligence and refueling warplanes as they bomb those targets clearly meet this defini-tion. Here is the bottom line: If the U.S. Congress wants to go to war in Yemen, vote on that war, but I and the cospon-sors of this legislation do not believe that the authority to go to war is now appropriate. We think what is going on now is unconstitutional, and unless Congress authorizes this war, it should be ended and ended immediately. I look forward to a colloquy with Senator LEEand with Senator M URPHY . I now yield to Senator L
EE, who has been very active on this issue from day one. I thank the Senator. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I thank Sen-ator S
ANDERS for his leadership on this issue. It is an honor to be here with my friend and colleague, the Senator from Vermont, to talk about our joint reso-lution to force a vote on U.S. military involvement in a civil war that is going on in Yemen. Whether one is present in the Senate Chamber today or whether one is tun-ing in from home, I hope you will listen closely for the next hour or so, so we can fill you in on the unauthorized Middle East war that your U.S. Gov-ernment is supporting. This war in Yemen has killed tens of thousands of innocent victims—human beings, lest we forget—each with im-measurable, innate, God-given dignity. This war has created refugees, orphans, and widows. It has cost many millions of dollars. Believe it or not, at the end of the day, according to at least one U.S. Government report, it has, argu-ably, undermined our fight against ter-rorist threats, such as ISIS, rather than to advance those efforts. I will expand on these uncomfortable facts in a few minutes, but, for now, let’s focus on just one thing. Our mili-tary’s involvement in Yemen has not been authorized by the U.S. Congress as is required by the U.S. Constitution. Article I, section 8 of the Constitution is pretty clear on this point. It reads that Congress shall have the power to declare war—Congress, not the Presi-dent, not the Pentagon—Congress. This is the branch of government that is most accountable to the people at the most regular intervals. It makes sense that this power would only be granted to that branch of government. Yet, in 2015, President Obama initiated our military involvement in Yemen without having permission from Con-gress, without having an authorization for the use of military force, without having a declaration of war. The cur-rent administration has continued Obama’s war. Senator S
ANDERS and I, along with Senator M
URPHY and our six other co-sponsors, are giving Congress a chance to fix this error by debating and voting on our Nation’s continued involvement in this illegal, unauthorized war in Yemen. Now, as our opponents claim, if this war is necessary, then, surely, they will be willing to come down to this floor within the Senate Chamber and defend it. Surely they will be willing to come onto the floor of the Senate and onto the floor of the House and seek authorization from Congress as the Constitution demands. Let’s have an honest reckoning about this war today. At this very moment, a tragedy is unfolding in Yemen. Very sadly, it is a tragedy for which our Nation shares some blame. Here are just a few facts about this war in Yemen, which is now approaching its third year: Fifteen mil-lion human souls in Yemen lack clean water and sanitation, and 8 million are at risk of starvation. The Yemeni peo-ple have been visited by the worst chol-era outbreak in recorded human his-tory—over 1 million cases. Every 10 minutes, a child under the age of 5 dies of preventable causes. A total of 10,000 civilians have been killed in this war, and 40,000 more civilians have been wounded in this war. I think it is important to discuss the human toll this war is inflicting. I think it is especially important to have discussions like this one at the outset so that as we go into a conflict, the stakes are clear. For thousands of human beings, the decision we make in this Chamber will make the difference between life and death. This is one of the many reasons it is so important to keep reminding ourselves that the Founding Fathers were very clear about this. They didn’t leave any ambi-guity in terms of identifying who has the power to make decisions like this one, who has the power to decide when we go to war. Article I, section 8, says that Congress shall have the power to declare war. From time to time, I hear it argued that declarations of war are somehow antiquated, that they are outdated, that they are anachronisms akin to ceremonial relics like powdered wigs or a key to the city, akin to a society whose principal mode of transportation involved a horse and a buggy, but that isn’t true. These principles are as true today as they were then. Nothing about those principles has become outdated. If you read the Founding Fathers, it is very clear that they thought the power to declare war was, in fact, im-portant. They deliberately considered the matter and withheld it from the President for a reason. They did not vest this power in the Office of the Presidency, and that was a conscious, deliberate, and I believe wise choice. To quote Alexander Hamilton in Fed-eralist No. 69, the Founding Fathers wanted their President to be ‘‘much in-ferior’’ in power to a King. Kings de-clare war unilaterally. They can make life-or-death military decisions—on a whim if they want to. They don’t need to go and seek support from the public before doing so. In our system, Presi-dents, by contrast, have to garner sup-port from the public and the legislative branch before initiating war—far from a unilateral decision. The decision to go to war in America is supposed to be based on collaboration and consensus so that our Nation will be united to the greatest degree possible when we go 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.024 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1664 March 13, 2018 
through trying conflicts, at that mo-ment when unity is what is so badly needed. So which does the modern Executive resemble more today—a President as the Founding Fathers understood that term or a King? The answer is uncom-fortably clear from the string of unau-thorized military excursions that Presidents from both political parties have initiated in recent decades. Of course, some people claim that the President has broad constitutional au-thority to make war as Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces. They are absolutely right. The President of the United States is, in fact, the Com-mander in Chief of the Armed Forces, but this is not the beginning and the end to the question. This does not mean the President may authorize at will military excursions around the globe for any reason or no reason at all without authorization from Congress. It does not mean that. It means noth-ing close to that. Only Congress can authorize a military campaign. Once Congress has done so, then the Presi-dent has broad authority, vast discre-tion to decide how specifically to com-mand the Armed Forces to victory. There is one important notable ex-ception to this big principle, and that exception arises specifically in the event of an attack on the United States. The Founders were wise. They anticipated that there could be threats to the homeland so serious that it might be physically impossible for Congress to respond quickly enough, so they preserved to the President the power to ‘‘repel sudden attacks,’’ in the words of James Madison. Clearly, this strategy—we might de-scribe it as a ‘‘break glass in case of emergency’’ kind of strategy. It is that kind of power. It is a ‘‘break glass in times of emergency’’ kind of power. It is supposed to be used only under ex-treme, extraordinary circumstances where Congress cannot convene in time to save the Nation. The Founders did not intend for the Commander in Chief’s power to be used to justify mili-tary intervention in civil wars 8,000 miles away. That authorization can come only from this body in the form of a declaration of war or in the form of an authorization for use of military force. To date, we have not considered either one of these, much less voted on them and passed them in the case of this civil war in Yemen. So I would ask my colleague, Senator S
ANDERS from Vermont, how long the American people can be expected to ig-nore our involvement in a foreign war. Mr. SANDERS. Before I answer that very important question, I thank Sen-ator L
EEfor his remarks. He is right on virtually everything he has said. I want to bring Senator M
URPHY into this colloquy. Senator M
URPHY has been ahead of his time in focusing at-tention on what is going on in Yemen. He is one of the original sponsors of this legislation. If Senator M
URPHY would express his thoughts on this issue. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I thank Senator SANDERS and Senator L EEfor allowing me to step in and say a few words before we have a short colloquy about the resolution we are bringing to the floor. I brought this picture to the floor be-fore, and I hesitate to keep it up for more than a few moments. It is very disturbing to look at, but this is the re-ality of Yemen today. This is the re-ality of a country in which thousands and thousands of civilians have been killed by a bombing campaign that the United States is facilitating—facili-tating with intelligence sharing, facili-tating with targeting assistance, facili-tating with midair refueling, facili-tating with the sale of munitions that end up being dropped on the homes of families like this. This, as has been stated, is perhaps the worst cholera outbreak in modern history. Let’s talk about why that hap-pens. Why are over 1 million people in Yemen today suffering from cholera, a disease that is entirely 100 percent pre-ventable? The reason is that the water treatment facilities inside Yemen have been bombed, have been rendered use-less such that there is no means by which they can keep the water that these young children drink clean. Bombs sold to the Saudi coalition by the United States, bombs dropped from planes refueled by the U.S. Air Force, bombs that are directed via targeting centers in which U.S. personnel are em-bedded hit water treatment facilities inside Yemen, and there is now the worst cholera outbreak in our lifetime. I cannot do a better job than Senator L
EEdid of explaining to the body why we believe it is so important for Con-gress to exercise our Article I responsi-bility to declare war. He laid it out bet-ter than I can. The Founding Fathers believed, as he said, that when there were matters of great import to the na-tional security of this country, when there were decisions that the Executive was making with respect to hostilities with other nations that included seri-ous consequences for the United States and the world, that should not be sim-ply an Executive function. Very spe-cifically, as Senator L
EEsaid, that power of declaring war, of entering into hostilities against another nation, is housed here in the Congress. So it is relevant to talk about what is hap-pening in Yemen today. What is the de-gree of the hostilities, and does it come with serious national security concerns for the United States of America, for the constituents we represent? We are absolutely engaged in hos-tilities today. There is no way that what we see in these charts could not be categorized as hostilities. The bombs that ruined this entire neighbor-hood are made in the United States, are dropped by planes refueled by the United States, are directed by a tar-geting center that involves U.S. per-sonnel. This is clearly an act of hos-tility that the United States, in part-nership with the Saudi coalition, has entered into against the Yemeni peo-ple. Remember, this is a civil war inside Yemen. There are not-so-good people on both sides of this civil war. The Houthis have been responsible for major, catastrophic acts in the coun-try, just as the coalition has, but we are only on one side of that, so it makes sense for us to focus on the hos-tilities that have been entered into by the United States and the Saudi coali-tion. But let’s for a second talk about the other implications for U.S. na-tional security. What has happened inside Yemen as this civil war has persisted? Al-Qaida and ISIS have grown in strength. For a period of time, AQAP—the arm of al- Qaida inside Yemen that has the most direct intention to hit the United States—had captured a major port in-side Yemen and was drawing substan-tial revenue, allowing them to become stronger than ever before. By con-tinuing to feed weapons into this civil war, the United States is helping to ex-pand the reach and the power of the two entities inside Yemen that the ad-ministration argues they do have au-thorization to fight—al-Qaida and ISIS. Many of us would draw issue with the interpretation of an AUMF passed a decade and a half ago as it applies to ISIS, but no doubt the administration has the ability to pursue war against al-Qaida, and al-Qaida is gaining strength because of the continuation of this civil war. If you talk to Yemeni-Americans, they will tell you that inside Yemen, this is not seen as a Saudi bombing campaign, this is seen as a U.S.-Saudi bombing campaign. And what they will further tell you is that Yemenis are be-coming radicalized against the United States because there is a U.S. imprint on every bomb that is dropped and every single death inside that country. While we may talk a good game about humanitarian relief and we may enter into occasional efforts to settle this conflict through negotiations, all they know is that for 3 years the United States has been supporting a Saudi bombing campaign that does not end. We have been supporting a Saudi- led coalition that has blocked humani-tarian relief from entering this coun-try. We may hear a lot about the money that the Saudis are putting into humanitarian relief, but we don’t hear as much about the fact that at one point they completely closed the port through which the majority of humani-tarian relief flows. Although now it is technically open, they are still nar-rowing the channel greatly through which relief supplies get to this coun-try. So nobody should applaud the United States or the Saudis for pro-viding relief to a country that they, in-deed, are bombing. I am not setting aside the culpability of the Houthis for substantial atroc-ities in this civil war as well, but we are only on one side of it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.025 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1665 March 13, 2018 
This is clearly covered by the powers vested in the U.S. Congress to make war. If it isn’t, it unlocks a horrific Pandora’s box. If the President can enter into hostilities against another country so long as all they are doing is providing vast logistical support to a coalition partner, then there is no end to what the President can do so long as he doesn’t put a troop on the ground. Our involvement in the Saudi-led co-alition has serious national security implications for the United States, aside from the fact that it has resulted in the deaths of thousands of civilians and has set off the worst humanitarian catastrophe the world has seen today. As a member of the Foreign Relations Committee, I just want to bring these consequences to bear for our colleagues to think about—our colleagues who might not think that this rises to the powers vested in the Congress by the Constitution. There are very few more serious conflicts with respect to con-sequences for the United States than this one. So I guess I would wrap back around that question that Senator L
EE posed to Senator S
ANDERS . If the United States doesn’t weigh in here, then, when? What is the prece-dent that is set by Congress’s con-tinuing to remain silent even when you have a humanitarian catastrophe and a set of consequences for U.S. national security that are this big? Mr. SANDERS. Well, let me thank Senator M
URPHY for his comments and Senator L
EEbefore him. I think they touch on the most important issues. I wish to respond to what Senator L
EE and Senator M
URPHY both said, but I wish to make a point that needs to be made again and again. This is not a partisan issue. We are talking about Democratic administra-tions acting militarily without con-gressional authorization. We are talk-ing about Republican administrations doing the same. Senator L
EEis a con-servative Republican. Senator M
URPHY  is a Democrat. I am an Independent who caucuses with the Democrats. So if you are talking about bipartisanship, you are looking at it right here. I should tell you that there are many organizations around the country— conservative and progressive—that are raising exactly the same issue that we are raising right here, and that is that Congress has to reassert its congres-sional authority over the issues of war. If you want to go to war and you think the war in Yemen makes sense, that is fine. Come down here on the floor and tell us why you feel that way. Tell the American people and tell your constituents why you think it is a good idea to work with Saudi Arabia to wreak utter horror on one of the poor-est countries in the world. Fine, come on down here and tell us. What we have to do, from a precedent point of view, is finally to say to our Republican President or a Democratic President: Enough is enough. Listen to the Con-stitution. The Founding Fathers of this coun-try were amazingly smart on this issue, and they understood that before we send our young men—and now women—off to war to die or to get maimed, there better well be a very good reason that we have to explain to the people who elected us—not just somebody sitting up there in the Oval Office. That is why the authority for going to war is vested in the represent-atives of the people, whether we are elected for 2 years or elected for 6 years. I would also point out that this is not the first time that the Congress has weighed in on the devastating war in Yemen. In November of last year, the House of Representatives—and I hope my Senate colleagues know this—voted by a vote of 366 to 30. That was not even close. There was overwhelming support among Democrats and Repub-licans. They passed a nonbinding reso-lution stating that the United States’ involvement in the Yemen civil war is unauthorized. The Democratic leader-ship supported it, as did the Republican chairman of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, EDROYCE . Here is the bottom line. The bottom line is that Congress has ducked its re-sponsibilities for many years, and if we continue to duck our responsibility on the all-important issue of U.S. military intervention, this Congress and, in fact, the people of the United States become increasingly irrelevant on this most important matter. We are bringing forward a privileged motion. There will be a vote on this issue in one form or another. If you like the war in Yemen, then be pre-pared to defend why you think it is a great idea to work with the Saudis to destroy the infrastructure and to cre-ate a situation where famine and chol-era are rampant in that incredibly poor country. Come on down and tell us why you think it is a good idea. If not, I hope you will vote with us to end this war and to allow the United States to get involved in bringing the warring parties together to see if we can bring peace and to see if we can bring hu-manitarian relief to these terribly suf-fering people. I yield to Senator L
EE. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent to display an oversized visual display. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEE. I am not sure what con-stitutes oversized, but I have it on good authority that the ordinary Senate rules don’t allow for a picture this big without unanimous consent. So, there-fore, I sought it. The picture itself paints an image and leaves an impression that itself is oversized and that demonstrates the humanity of this conflict. You see a child standing in what appears to be a school in an ordinary learning environ-ment that has been rendered unusable by the devastating impact of war. Now, war does happen. Conflicts do arise. This is one of the reasons why it was built into not only our system of laws but our foundational governing structure in the Constitution. The Founding Fathers understood that war would arise from time to time, but they carefully divided up the power, recognizing how devastating its impli-cations could be, recognizing that bad things are a little bit less likely to happen if you don’t allow too much power to be concentrated in the hands of a few. Over time, Congress and the Presi-dency have had a little bit of a tug-of- war, as I referenced earlier, about where the Commander in Chief power ends and the war power begins. In 1973 Congress reasserted its con-stitutional role and tried to clarify some of what had been described as a gray area by passing the War Powers Resolution. The crisis that led Con-gress to create this important law in many ways was reminiscent of the con-flict that we are discussing today. The War Powers Act was passed in response to the Vietnam war. That war began with the insertion of just a small handful of U.S. military advisers in 1950, but their ranks grew and grew gradually but steadily, so that our commitment in Vietnam spiraled into a decades-long, bloodied conflict. Presi-dents from both parties abused their authority in order to wage this far-off war. Finally, in 1973, Congress decided it was time to bring our boys home. So it repealed the limited legal authority for the war it had granted to then-Presi-dent Johnson 7 years earlier. In defiance of Congress, President Nixon continued the war, citing his au-thority as Commander in Chief. So Congress drafted the War Powers Reso-lution to give itself a way to remove our armed services personnel from un-authorized, unlawful, and unconstitu-tional war zones. The War Powers Resolution states that the President must notify Con-gress within 48 hours of committing American troops to ‘‘hostilities’’ or ‘‘imminent hostilities.’’ The War Pow-ers Resolution goes on to provide that the President must remove troops from the conflict if Congress does not au-thorize their presence within 60 days or a maximum of 90 days in the case of certain emergencies. Congress’s passage of the War Powers Resolution was a bold assertion of its constitutional responsibility in the face of a chronically overreaching ex-ecutive branch. In fact, Congress’s de-sire to uphold the Constitution was so strong that it actually overrode Presi-dent Nixon’s veto of the War Powers Resolution. Members of Congress today could cer-tainly learn a thing or two from their predecessors’ commitment to constitu-tional duties and to the limited power possessed by each branch of govern-ment. Since the War Powers Resolution was passed in 1973, defenders of a royal ex-ecutive have tried to go around it and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.026 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1666 March 13, 2018 
tried to circumvent it altogether by claiming that their unauthorized wars somehow do not qualify as ‘‘hos-tilities.’’ We heard this claim by President Obama in response to Libya, and we heard it again in response to Yemen. It is the official position of the U.S. De-partment of Defense that we are not engaged in ‘‘hostilities’’ in Yemen un-less our troops ‘‘are actively engaged in exchanges of fire with opposing units of hostile forces.’’ To translate, the U.S. Government really claims that it is not engaged in hostilities unless U.S. troops are on the ground being shot at by the enemy. It stretches the imagination, and it stretches the English language beyond its breaking point to assert that our military is not engaged in hostilities in Yemen. Consider for a moment what it is that the U.S. military is doing as part of the Saudi-led coalition effort against the neighbors of Saudi Arabia, the Yemeni neighbors. U.S. military personnel are assigned to the joint combined planning cell in Saudi Arabia, where they are sharing military intelligence with the Saudis and helping to target enemies within Yemen for attack. Our forces are also refueling coalition bombers in midair on combat missions. If sending our military men and women to foreign lands to fuel a country’s bombers and handpick its targets does not qualify as ‘‘hostilities,’’ then those words have lost their meaning. What does the word ‘‘hostility’’ mean if it cannot be said to encompass that? As it happens, the War Powers Reso-lution was designed to stop secret and unauthorized military activities such as these. So Congress is well within its right to vote on whether these activi-ties should continue. That is why this joint resolution that is authored by Senator S
ANDERS and cosponsored by Senator M
URPHY , my-self, and six others represents a big chance—a significant chance, a con-stitutional moment—for Congress to do the right thing, for Congress to do its job, and for Congress to represent the American people. After all, this is their blood and their treasure that are being put on the line. That is why the Con-stitution and the War Powers Resolu-tion alike contemplate actions by Con-gress and not solely unilateral action by the executive branch. I ask my colleagues Senator S
ANDERS  and Senator M
URPHY : Isn’t it arguable that by overreaching in this instance, we might in fact be making matters worse? Couldn’t we be putting our country in a position of less security rather than more? Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I say to Senator L
EEthat I think that is an excellent question. That was just the question that I was going to ask of Senator M
URPHY , because I think we understand that in recent history, when there is chaos and confusion in a country, it provides an extraordinary opportunity for al-Qaida and their al-lies to move in. We have spent billions and billions of dollars fighting al-Qaida and their af-filiates, and I fear very much, as you have indicated, that the situation we are creating in Yemen in many ways is making life easier for them. I would ask this of Senator MURPHY — and maybe listeners might be surprised by this: What side of this battle is al- Qaida on in Yemen right now? Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I thank Senator S
ANDERS for the question. This is incredibly important to understand. There was great consternation in the beginning of this civil war, when the United States, under the Obama ad-ministration, was beginning to support the Saudi-led coalition. The Saudis were only targeting the Houthis, and as the al-Qaida wing inside of Yemen was getting stronger and stronger, no matter how much we asked, no matter how much we pushed, the Saudi-led co-alition would not drop bombs on al- Qaida and would not send any of their forces near them. They were only fo-cused on the Houthis. The answer as to why that was hap-pening is very simple. The enemy of your enemy tends to be your ally, and inside Yemen, the Houthis were draw-ing fire from both the Saudi-led coali-tion and from al-Qaida. In the early stages of this fight, the policy of the Saudi-led coalition was to have hands off of al-Qaida, and that made al-Qaida stronger and stronger and stronger. Now, admittedly, recently we have been more successful in getting the Emirates, not necessarily the Saudis, to take on targeted missions against al-Qaida, but that is only a recent phe-nomenon, and it is frankly belied by the fact that we have new information that at the same time that the Emir-ates are occasionally taking out oper-ations—and sometimes dangerous oper-ations, with risk of life to their forces against al-Qaida—they are also sup-porting other militias inside Yemen— Salafist militias—that are in many ways just as radical as al-Qaida is and are recruiting the types of recruits that one day may join ISIS and one day may join al-Qaida, targeting against the United States. So this is a very chaotic space in which very pur-posefully, for a period of time, the coa-lition allowed for al-Qaida to grow. Even though that policy has changed recently, there are still signs that there are some people who are very dangerous to the United States who are being supported on the ground by mem-bers of our coalition. I know Senator D
URBIN is here, so I want to turn it over to him. I just want to say two more quick things on this point. One is to note that our resolu-tion does continue to allow for the United States to target al-Qaida. We built into this resolution a carve-out for any military activities that are currently authorized by the 2001 AUMF, and the administration inter-prets that to be al-Qaida and affiliated follow-on organizations. So let’s be clear that if you care about the United States targeting al-Qaida, that can continue here. Finally, to Senator LEE’s point about this interpretation of hostilities, let’s be clear about how narrow a definition that is. There have to be American troops on the ground exchanging fire in order for the War Powers Act to be triggered. That is not what Congress intended because, in fact, that would then allow the administration to per-petuate an unlimited air campaign, dropping unlimited munitions, dev-astating, ruining a country, without any input from Congress. Even if one would say ‘‘Well, that does involve U.S. personnel flying overhead, so maybe that is potentially putting U.S. troops in the line of fire,’’ remember, we are also entering an era of robotic warfare, in which U.S. personnel are going to be less instrumental to hostilities that will still have grave consequences for the United States. Clearly, the notion of war and how you fight it has changed over the years. The Founding Fathers never imagined air campaigns. Yet, the in-tent and the language of the War Pow-ers Act and of the Constitution are clear. When war is being waged, when hostilities are being entered into, Con-gress has to have a say. Please, look at any of the pictures that we are putting before you and tell us that the United States is not engaged in hostilities if the effect in the country of Yemen is this. I thank Senator D
URBIN for joining us on the floor today, and I yield to him. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues, Senator S
AND-
ERS, Senator M URPHY , and Senator L
EE, for this bipartisan effort. Why are we here today? Why are we discussing wars so far away? We are here because of this book. This is the Constitution of the United States. The Constitution very expressly tells us what we are supposed to be doing here. In article I, section 8, it lays out the things that we, the men and women who serve in Congress, are responsible for. Among the things that Congress shall have the power to do is to ‘‘de-clare war.’’ Why did the Founding Fathers make certain that it was clear that Congress would be involved in that decision on the declaration of war? When they cre-ated Congress, the idea was that the people of this country, far and wide, would at least have a voice in the deci-sion, through the people they elected, and we would be held accountable for our decisions to declare war or to not declare it because we are up for elec-tion. So Congress has this responsi-bility, and over the years, many times, Congress has not exercised its responsi-bility in a responsible way. I have a question. I bet that if I brought in every U.S. Senator and asked them the following question, very few would be able to answer it: How many countries is the United States military currently involved in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.028 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1667 March 13, 2018 
fighting? How many countries are we in today, fighting? Would you guess two? Iraq, Afghanistan—all right, for sure, there. Five? Ten? Twenty? Brown University’s Costs of War Project recently published data saying that the United States fought terror through direct fighting, training, or military support to other forces or through drone strikes in 76 countries between October 2015 and 2017. Is that the right number today? I am not sure. None of us know. We are often surprised to learn we are sending our military and fighting in another country. When something awful occurs—Americans are killed, for example—sometimes Members of Con-gress hear it for the first time: Oh, we are in what country fighting? I take this pretty seriously, and I have over the years when it comes to the authorization of using force, be-cause it isn’t just a matter of pro-jecting American power; it is life and death. These are decisions that will be made by Congress or by the President— sometimes both—and the net result of it, even under the best of cir-cumstances, is that Americans will perish. Funerals will be held in Illinois and in Utah and in Vermont and in Connecticut and in Wisconsin. That is the reality of the decisions we reach. I can remember the debate right after 9/11 on the floor. It was one of the most important of my career. It was a question about whether we would au-thorize the President of the United States—President Bush at the time—to use military force to respond to 9/11. If my colleagues remember the debate, there were two real options on the floor. One was to use military force against those responsible for the at-tack on the United States and to send that force into Afghanistan. The other was to go after the so-called weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. They were two parallel debates, but two debates that I saw very differently. I was skeptical from the start about this Iraqi invasion. Nobody ever con-nected the dots between Saddam Hus-sein and 9/11. We were talking about the threat that he was to the rest of the world. Yet we voted here on the floor of the U.S. Senate in 2002 to au-thorize the use of military force to go into Iraq. Sadly, we are still there today. Sadly, Iraq is in shambles, po-litically and physically, and the war continues. I voted no. I remember that night. It was in October of 2002. I remember that night because the vote was taken very late, and there were two or three of us who stayed on the floor here, including Kent Conrad, as well as Paul Wellstone of Minnesota. Paul Wellstone was up for reelection. We wondered if that vote would affect him in any way, and I remember going up to him and say-ing: Paul, I hope your vote against the war in Iraq doesn’t cost you the elec-tion. Wellstone said to me: It is all right if it does. People know where I stand. They expect nothing less. He didn’t live to see the election. If my colleagues will remember, he died in a plane crash with his wife and staff-ers just a few days after that vote. But that is the gravity of this deci-sion. That is the importance of this de-cision. And that is why I want to thank my colleagues for bringing us to-gether—just a few of us but enough of us, maybe—in the Senate to remind people of our constitutional responsi-bility. The vote on Afghanistan was one I voted for—the invasion of Afghanistan. The message was clear: If you attack the United States, we will come right back after you, al-Qaida, and we did. I recently asked the Secretary of De-fense—when I voted that way in 2002, I did not imagine that 15 or 16 years later, that war would continue. So I asked him: How does this war ever end in Afghanistan? He didn’t know the an-swer. He didn’t come up with one. All he could say to me was that if we left, it would be worse. Well, you can say that about a lot of other countries in the world. But what we are talking about today is what we are going to do in terms of this horrid situation in Yemen. I was in my office looking down on this debate via C– SPAN, and I saw the photos that have been displayed here—the utter human and physical devastation that is taking place. Senator S
ANDERS is asking a simple but deeply important question here today, and Senator L
EEand Senator M
URPHY join him. Here is the question: Who authorized the U.S. military ac-tion to help Saudi Arabia fight the Houthis in Yemen? I didn’t. I don’t re-member that there was ever a vote. So how are we doing this? By what author-ity is our government doing this? This is not about the merits of the fight or in any way a vindication of the Houthis’ troubling role in the horrific Yemeni civil war; it is about whether Congress follows its constitutional re-sponsibilities. It is about whether the American people have a voice in this decision—the same people who will send their sons and daughters to brave-ly serve in our military. I am happy to be a cosponsor of this resolution that halts any such U.S. support without any congressional au-thorization. I call on this Congress to deal with revisiting the 2001 and 2002 authorizations of force that I believe have been stretched by multiple ad-ministrations beyond any credible limit. There are real threats to the safety and security of America out there—al- Qaida and its successors and others. But we in Congress have the responsi-bility to authorize those conflicts and regularly update them as necessary. Congress and the Senate have been absent without leave when it comes to article I, section 8, and our authority and responsibility to declare war. We have other looming threats, including North Korea and Iran, but any U.S. war against those countries or others, short of protecting against an imminent at-tack as allowed for in the War Powers Resolution, requires the vote of Con-gress, regardless of who the President may be. When it comes to the declaration of war, we simply cannot see this as an annoyance. We must do our part. We must follow the Constitution, even when it is difficult. I yield the floor. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Illinois very much for his perceptive remarks and for reminding us that the time is long overdue for the U.S. Congress to accept its constitutional responsibilities. I wanted to ask Senator LEEif he— we are running out of time here—has some closing remarks. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Vermont. I appreciate his remarks and his leadership on this, and I appreciate the remarks that Senator D
URBIN and Senator M URPHY have added to this discussion. I want to close by pointing out that in addition to being unlawful and in ad-dition to being unconstitutional, our involvement in Yemen is unproductive in the fight against terrorism. The Houthis we are fighting are a regional force—one that doesn’t harbor ambi-tions of attacking the U.S. homeland. While the Houthis are certainly no friend of ours, neither are they a seri-ous threat to our country. Yet we are diverting considerable resources to fighting the Houthis, resources that would be better spent fighting more substantial threats—threats that har-bor, rather openly, ambitions of bring-ing down the United States, of attack-ing the United States. These are threats like al-Qaida or ISIS. On that point, the best evidence we have sug-gests that their involvement in Yemen has arguably undermined our fight against ISIS. The State Department’s most recent study, its most recent ‘‘Country Re-ports on Terrorism’’—which, by the way, happens to be the authority on that subject for Congress and the American people—says that we have inadvertently strengthened ISIS by killing off its antagonists, the Houthis. This just reinforces the farcical char-acter that our military excursions in the Middle East have the potential to undertake. We bomb with one hand; we give humanitarian aid with the other hand. We whack a terrorist from one group, and another springs up in its place. Defenders of our efforts in this war in Yemen often claim that the real reason we are fighting the Houthis is that they are a proxy for Iran, which is the true threat to our Nation and to the world. This would be perhaps a reason-able rationale, but there are con-flicting reports about the Houthis and their ties to Iran. Iran has expansionist views; the Houthis do not. Hezbollah is an officially listed as a foreign ter-rorist organization; the Houthis are not. The Houthis may be a rogue non- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.029 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1668 March 13, 2018 
State actor, destabilizing their own country, but they are not a threat to America—at least not yet. By helping the Saudis bomb them, we only give the Houthis reasons to start to hate us. Our involvement in Yemen detracts from our ability to be a diplomatic re-source and the peacemaker in the re-gion. In closing, the substance of the reso-lution offered by Senator S
ANDERS and cosponsored by Senator M
URPHY , me, and others is simple. It puts our war against the Houthi rebels to a vote. It concerns the Houthis and only the Houthis. If Members are convinced that our fight against the Houthis is worth-while, then so be it. Congress will have done its part and the fight will go on, but if Members are not willing to pay the heavy pricetag for this war, cal-culated in dollars and in innocent human lives, then our resolution will bring U.S. operations to a close. This resolution is an opportunity for Members of Congress to stand up and be counted on a matter of life and death. It is an opportunity to end the Executive’s unconstitutional domi-nance over matters of war and peace and restore in its place a collaborative process whereby Congress declares war and Presidents wage war. I thank Senator S
ANDERS . Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me conclude by thanking Senator L
EE, Senator M
URPHY , Senator D URBIN this afternoon, thanking Senator B
OOKER , Senator W
ARREN , Senator L EAHY , Sen-ator M
ARKEY , Senator F EINSTEIN , and Senator W
YDEN for their cosponsorship of S.J. Res. 54. Let me summarize it very briefly in this way: Congress cannot continue to abdicate its responsibility on the all- important issue of how and when the United States becomes involved in military intervention. We cannot con-tinue to run away from that issue. If you think the war in Yemen and siding with the Saudis on this war makes sense, then come down to the floor of the Senate, make your position clear, tell your constituents what you believe, and then vote for the war but have the courage, at least, to accept your responsibility as a Member of the U.S. Congress and not abdicate it to the President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, we have a series of Senators who are going to be speaking about what is happening as a result of climate change and sea level rise, which is having its effects in my State of Florida, particularly. Few States are as vulnerable to cli-mate change than what we find par-ticularly in South Florida, Miami Beach being Ground Zero. What is hap-pening as the sea level is rising—and these are not projections, they are not forecasts; these are actually measure-ments, measurements by NASA and NOAA over the last 40 years that the sea has risen in South Florida 5 to 8 inches. We see the effects of that at the sea-sonal high tides—now, more increas-ingly, along with the cycles of the Moon each month. Water, typically, is sloshing around in streets and sloshing over the curves. As a result, the city of Miami Beach has had to spend tens of millions of dollars on huge, expensive pumps and has also had to raise the level of the roadbeds. NOAA’s most recent worst-case sce-nario projections predict a 2-foot sea level rise by 2060 and, if we take it all the way to the end of the century, 6 feet by 2100. Needless to say, in a pe-ninsula that sits in the middle of what we know as Hurricane Highway, 6 feet would inundate so much of the coastal areas. By the way, the population of Florida is 21 million people, and 75 per-cent is along the coastal regions. That puts all of the entire Nation’s low- lying coastal cities at risk of major flooding, not to mention our military installations along the coast. The seas are not just rising; they are also warming, and they are rising be-cause they are warming. Of course, I have explained this several times on the floor of the Senate: As the Sun’s rays come in and hit the Earth, some of the heat is absorbed, but some of it is reflected off the Earth’s surface and is radiated out into space. When you put up an extra abundance of greenhouse gases—mainly carbon di-oxide and methane—and they move into the upper atmosphere, they serve like a glass ceiling of a greenhouse; thus, the term, the ‘‘greenhouse’’ ef-fect. Then, as that heat is reflected off the Earth that would normally radiate out into space, it is trapped and, thus, the entire Earth starts to heat. Two-thirds of the Earth’s surface is covered by oceans, and 90 percent of that heat is absorbed into the oceans. What happens to water when it is heat-ed? It expands. So we see the reasons that warmer water means the sea lev-els rise. Do you know what else it produces? More frequent and more ferocious hur-ricanes. After the back-to-back punch of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, imagine how much we would have to spend in Federal disaster aid if we had a hurricane season like last year every year. That is why it is so critical to continue funding climate and weather research and to keep improving NOAA’s hurricane models. This information can make the dif-ference in a life-or-death situation. We saw what havoc the hurricanes visited upon Texas and then Florida after it had already crossed Puerto Rico, but then along comes Maria, and it hits the island directly. As of today, 5, going on 6, months after the hurricane, the poor island of Puerto Rico—our fellow American citizens—17 percent today do not still have electricity. So, indeed, there has been a lot more loss of life as a result of hurricanes. Our coastline in Florida is blessed, as a hurricane is approaching, with a nat-ural breakwater. It is called the Flor-ida Reef Tract. It is along the south-eastern coast. Of all the major barrier reefs in the entire world, Florida has the third largest. It starts south of Key West and continues all the way up the Keys, north, up to Fort Pierce, FL. This Florida reef is the only barrier reef in the continental United States. Healthy reefs are able to reduce storm damage by taking a lot of the impact, but climate change, ocean acidifica-tion, and an unprecedented coral dis-ease outbreak are hurting Florida’s reefs and diminishing their ability to act as a shoreline buffer. I am not even talking about all the other things that reefs do—which is the natural place for all the fish and critters of the sea to gather, swimming in and around and among all of the coral reefs. That is why, last week, I wrote a let-ter to the Secretaries of Commerce, Agriculture, and Health and Human Services calling for an interagency strike team to be formed to finally di-agnose the coral disease in an attempt to save the remaining reefs. I want to show an example of the dif-ference between a healthy reef and a diseased reef. Look at the difference. Here is the healthy coral. Look how the diseased reef has actually been bleached out. So time is running out on this third largest barrier reef on the planet. We have to respond to the causes and effects of climate change now. The longer we put it off, the hard-er and more expensive it is going to be to mitigate. I thank Senator WHITEHOUSE and my fellow colleagues who are speaking out on this critical mission. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, let me thank my good friend from Flor-ida. His State may be more affected by climate change than just about any other. We hear about water lapping up on the shores of Southern Florida al-ready and the constant flooding. We have seen these amazing pictures that equal 1,000 words about the coral reefs—and he even talked about a word we rarely use in Brooklyn, ‘‘critters.’’ We want to save the critters too. So he has been eloquent—not just today but constantly—on the issue of climate and does it in such a practical perspective that just about every American of every ideology, part of the country, and thought process can un-derstand. So I thank him. Of course, I thank our great leader on this issue, the Senator from Rhode Is-land, S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE . He is pas-sionate, and his passion carries over into effective action. There has been no voice more clarion, more constant, more effective in remembering that we cannot ignore this issue, constantly re-minding us how important it is. I thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE not only for pulling us all together tonight but for his great strength and constancy on this issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.030 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1669 March 13, 2018 
I join my colleagues to shed light on the subject of climate change, which has received scant attention, unfortu-nately, from President Trump and this Republican Senate. Despite decades of incontrovertible evidence that climate change is harming our planet, Presi-dent Trump and the Republicans have done nothing about it. In fact, worse than doing nothing, they have actively weakened our environmental laws, de-crying the very science that has helped us progress, has helped men and women progress through the centuries. Republicans in Congress have undone the environmental protections that held corporations accountable for pol-luting our streams. They have undone the rule that increased transparency in the management of public lands. Through an unrelated tax bill, congres-sional Republicans opened up the Alas-ka National Wildlife Refuge to oil drill-ing. In the executive branch, EPA Admin-istrator Pruitt has implemented an ex-treme deregulatory agenda, unwinding the rules that keep our air clear, our water clean, and limit carbon emis-sions that poison our atmosphere and our planet. Worst of all, President Trump an-nounced that he will pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord, which would make America the only country in the world that isn’t a part of the agreement. While the world comes together to negotiate sensible climate change policies, while other nations and other foreign businesses grab the mantle of leadership on green energy, the United States, which used to be such a leader on so many issues, can only sit and watch from the side-lines—all because President Trump de-cided to pull out of the Paris accord. What a remarkable mistake. It will go down in history as one of the worst days in American history, as the world gets hotter and climate change takes its toll on our country and the world. Climate change is real, human activ-ity is driving it, and it is happening right now. These are facts. This is not speculation. This is not someone spin-ning a tale. These are facts not in dis-pute. Scientists know it. Businesses know it. The world knows it. The American people know it too. We in New York learned about the devastating impact of Hurricane Sandy. It took so long to rebuild our coastal communities. All of Long Is-land understood that climate change is real and devastating when you do noth-ing about it. The storms are getting more power-ful—storms like Sandy—more frequent, and there is no doubt that climate change is playing a role. We watched three recordbreaking hurricanes buffet our cities and our coastlines, dev-astating parts of Louisiana, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands. Stronger wildfires have ripped through our Western States. According to NOAA, 2017 was the most expensive year on record for disasters in the United States, costing hundreds of bil-lions of dollars. We are running out of time to do something about this issue. Together with my colleagues this evening, led by Senator W
HITEHOUSE , who will be giving his 200th ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech—what a great accom-plishment; I admire it—I urge all Americans—particularly younger Americans, who understand that this planet will decline if we don’t do some-thing, and it is their planet—I urge ev-eryone—younger Americans, older Americans, everybody—to contact Re-publican Senators and Congressmen and tell them to wake up on climate change. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, for the past 6 years, Senator S
HELDON WHITE-
HOUSE of Rhode Island has delivered weekly addresses to the Senate Cham-ber on climate change, telling us that it is time to wake up. That is the sign he posts on the floor each time he comes to discuss the disastrous effects of global warming. Today will mark his 200th speech on the Senate floor on this topic. The urgency of the topic is real. Cli-mate change threatens our national se-curity and our local communities. Cli-mate change drives global conflict and has far-reaching national security im-plications. A report by Oxfam states that there is growing evidence that climate change is making droughts more fre-quent and more severe. Drought has contributed to the crisis in Syria, migration from West Africa, and rapid urbanization in Somalia. Just last week, ‘‘PBS NewsHour’’ re-ported that in the last year alone, more than 1 million Somalis have been forced from their homes because of drought. Herders and farmers used to live among one another, but increasingly severe drought has led to a scarcity of land and water. Some animal herders now carry weapons and fight over fer-tile land. Farmers who have fled to the city claim herders burned down their homes and turned their farmland into grassland. The fighting and scarcity of land has pushed both farmers and herd-ers to the cities, and most of them end up in ramshackle camps, burdened by poverty—a tinderbox. Last March, 110 people died from starvation and drought-related illness in 48 hours, prompting President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo to de-clare the drought a national disaster. Still, 1.2 million children under the age of 5 are projected to be malnourished in 2018. Somalia is not the only country where the effects of climate change have created and exacerbated regional conflicts. In a few days, Syria will mark the seventh year of civil war. Re-search published by the National Acad-emy of Sciences reports that climate change has contributed to the crisis in Syria. Extreme drought in Syria be-tween 2006 and 2009 was most likely due to climate change, and that drought was a factor in the uprisings in 2011, when more than 1 million displaced farmers joined pro-democracy protests. Just last year, Pulitzer Prize-win-ning New York Times columnist Tom Friedman wrote about massive migra-tion out of parts of West Africa, through the Sahara Desert, to Libya, where people were hoping to eventually cross the Mediterranean Sea into Eu-rope. The migration is driven in part by drought made more extreme by cli-mate change, which has created wide-spread humanitarian crises. As climate instability drives more extreme and frequent droughts and the scarcity of fertile land, water, and food, it will trigger major conflicts over resources, as we have seen in Yemen and Syria. As one of the largest contributors of greenhouse gas emis-sions, the United States has a moral responsibility to act on this growing crisis. Here in our country, my constituents in Illinois are already experiencing the adverse effects of climate change. Cli-mate models suggest that if current global warming trends continue, Illi-nois will have a climate similar to that of the Texas gulf coast by the year 2100. You can’t grow a lot of corn in that climate. For Illinois farmers, these changes to the environment have a direct effect on their livelihood—and for all of us, a direct effect on our food supply. Wetter springs and more frequent flooding will leave farmers struggling to plant their corn and soybeans. In-creasingly hot summers and more fre-quent droughts will stunt the growth and hurt crop yields. This means prices will increase, making it harder for families to put food on the table. In recent years, Illinois has seen his-toric storms, floods, and droughts that have caused millions of dollars in dam-age. Last week, scientists at the Illinois State Water Survey reported that this February was the wettest on record, beating the previous record precipita-tion by over half an inch. An average of 5 inches of rain fell statewide. Streator, IL, had over 11 inches of rain, and Aurora had the largest snowfall, with a recorded 26 inches of snow. In the last week of February, rainstorms and melted snow caused flooding across Illinois, with more than 20 counties throughout the State placed under a flood warning. As the water level of rivers continued to rise, several com-munities had to evacuate for their safe-ty. Multiple communities were evacu-ated, and in some areas, residents had to be rescued by boat. Flooded road-ways claimed the life of an Illinois resident after her car rolled into a rain-filled ditch. Climate change is likely to increase the frequency and severity of flooding in Illinois, as well, and my constitu-ents are concerned about their ability to recover from repeated flood events. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.032 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1670 March 13, 2018 
How much is flood damage costing us in Illinois? Last July, 3,200 residences were impacted by flooding, including 244 with major damage. This damage costs millions but often doesn’t rise to the level where anyone qualifies for Federal aid. From 2007 to 2014, flooding in urban areas has caused $2.3 billion in damages. Moving forward, repeated flood events will have a high price tag. In the last decade, extreme weather events and fire have cost the Federal Government over $350 billion, accord-ing to OMB. These costs will rise as the climate changes. The evidence is clear. We need to get serious about addressing the cause and effect of climate change. Ignoring them threatens our national security and our safety. I believe our generation has a moral obligation to leave the world in better shape than we found it. Let’s not run away from our responsibility to our children and grandchildren. Let’s work toward solving the chal-lenges of climate change. This is a hard issue to explain from a political point of view. The only major political party in the world today that denies climate change is the Repub-lican Party of the United States of America. It is hard to imagine that a great party that once was actively engaged in a positive way in this debate is now absent without leave. It is hard to explain that the party of Richard Nixon, who created the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, now is in complete denial when it comes to climate change and global warming. It is hard to understand that they are missing the obvious indicators of evi-dence from every corner of the world about the impact of global warming. It is almost impossible to understand how they can ignore the impact this will have on the lives of our children and grandchildren. Is it too much to ask our generation to make a little sacrifice to spare them the devastation that will come from climate change? Is it too much to ask us to be a little more sensitive in our use of energy so that our kids and grandkids can enjoy a good life in their years on Earth? That usually is a responsibility most generations accept, but we are being told that it is just too much to ask—to ask current Americans to come for-ward and do something that is thoughtful, meaningful, to reduce en-ergy consumption and reduce emission and pollution. I think that is a horrible situation. I think it is one we shouldn’t be proud of at all. I thank my friend S
HELDON WHITE-
HOUSE for coming to the floor regularly and reminding us of what is happening in this world today and how we each have a responsibility to future genera-tions to alleviate the suffering, the pain, and the damage that has been caused by this global warming. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I come to the floor this evening inspired by the determined efforts of my colleague SHELDON WHITEHOUSE of Rhode Island. My colleague has made clear, by de-livering his 200th floor speech on cli-mate change, that he is committed to raising awareness about and urging ac-tion on this very real threat to our en-vironment. Let me speak briefly as someone trained in science as a chemist. I am troubled that time and again I am called to this Chamber to defend and advocate for science. We live in a time of unprecedented scientific advances. Throughout our history, we have turned to science to help us solve both domestic and international crises. Science was there, for example, to do battle against the Ebola outbreak, threats from hurricanes and other nat-ural disasters, and the dangers of ciga-rette smoke and lead exposure. It was scientists who helped find a cure, pro-vide early warning, who educated us, and who influenced politics to lead to policies that led to stronger industry and consumer safety standards in fac-ing all of these threats. The scientific method has saved lives and ensured our survival, so why don’t we more widely embrace the science of prediction, mitigation, and adaptation to the ef-fects of climate change? Climate change is real. We know cli-mate change is already happening, al-though it is slow, gradual, and often hard to perceive. Its effects will impact human health, agricultural production, national security—an unbelievable range of concerns that should motivate us together. Yet I have colleagues who either aren’t convinced or don’t under-stand that climate change is a real and pressing threat. Let me briefly cite one meta-study of scientific opinion. It surveyed 13,950 peer-reviewed articles and studies on climate change and found that only 24 of them rejected global warming—less than 0.2 percent. Although there is not unanimous opinion, when there is 99.8 percent agreement in the scientific community, we should agree that this degree of certainty is enough to take action. ‘‘An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure’’ is an aphorism that dates back to the early 1700s. Why are we waiting? Let’s change our ways. Let’s work together to lower green-house gases, combat pollution, and slow the impact of climate change. As someone who represents the State of Delaware, I am passionate about this because we are the lowest mean ele-vation State in America. I have heard from folks up and down the First State—from my colleague Senator C
ARPER , from our Governor, from our community leaders, and from con-cerned citizens from Wilmington, to Rehoboth, to Middletown—that they are concerned about sea level rise and its likely impact on our State. We need to do more because, in my small State, sea level rise is happening at twice the national rate. In about 100 years, ev-eryone in Delaware will finally have a beach house—just not the way they want it. Let me conclude by saying we need to look forward, not backward, when addressing climate change and sea level rise. We need action, not reaction. We need policy, not politics. We should act today, not tomorrow. Again, I thank Senator WHITEHOUSE . It was my pleasure to have him visit my home State of Delaware and see what we are doing to plan for and to combat sea level rise as a result of cli-mate change. It was my honor to join him this evening and lend my support to him, to our environment, and to the fight against climate change. I yield to my senior colleague from our shared home State of Delaware. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The Senator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I am T
OMCARPER , and I approved this mes-sage. I have had the privilege of serving on the Environment and Public Works Committee for—oh, my gosh—17 years and now serve as the senior Democrat on the committee. I have had the op-portunity of serving with S
HELDON  W
HITEHOUSE for more than half of those years. He is a senior member of our committee, a good friend, and, I think, someone who is respected by Demo-crats and Republicans and Independ-ents alike here in the Senate. He is the junior Senator from Rhode Island, but he casts a long shadow on a lot of issues, none less than the issue we are discussing here today. I join my friend Senator C
OONS in thanking S
HELDON sincerely for his passion and for his persistence in high-lighting what the vast majority of the world recognizes as the greatest envi-ronmental challenge of our time, and that is climate change. Our friend from Rhode Island is a well-known climate champion, but what some may not know is that S
HEL-
DON has spent over 500 hours here on the Senate floor in reminding all of us that it is long past time to wake up, that it is time to wake up and get seri-ous about addressing this ever-growing threat. I learned early on in the Senate that if we want to get anything done, we have to be persistent, and we have to stay on message. He has been stay-ing on that message through 200 floor speeches, and the theme has always been ‘‘time to wake up.’’ For nearly 6 years now, S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE has reiterated what his constituents in the Ocean State and what constituents in our State, the First State, see every day—climate change is real, human beings are making it worse, and it is threatening our economy and our way of life. Those of us living in coastal States also know all too well that we can no longer ignore the issue or wait to take real action. While our friend from Rhode Island is—what they like to say in Rhode Is-land—wicked smart, you don’t have to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.035 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1671 March 13, 2018 
take his word for it that climate change is a growing threat, for leading scientists in our country and around the world have been saying this not just for a couple of years but for dec-ades. Scientists and medical profes-sionals have also linked climate change to increased air pollution, dead-ly high temperatures, and more pests in our food and water—all of which negatively impact our health and dis-proportionately affect the most vulner-able among us. These days, you don’t need a degree in science or medicine to see the disas-trous effect of climate change on the world in which we live. Rising sea lev-els and extreme weather events from climate change are the new norm. In 2017 alone, we had multiple category 5 hurricanes—I think maybe for the first time in history. We had the second hot-test year on record, catastrophic fires in the West, and severe flooding in the East. These events place extreme bur-dens on the American people, on our economy, and on our budget, having cost our Federal Government literally hundreds of billions of dollars not over the last 10 years but last year—in 1 year. The effects of rising sea levels are even more harmful in low-lying, coast-al States, like Delaware. Senator C
OONS explained that Delaware is the lowest lying State in America, where the highest piece of land in our State is a bridge. There is a combination of things going on in coastal States like ours. In our State, the land is sinking, and the sea is rising. That is not a good combination for Delaware or any other place, and our friends from Rhode Is-land know of what I speak. I am delighted that Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE is a member of the Environment and Public Works Committee with many of us because, whether we are discussing environmental policy or in-frastructure investments, the Senator from Rhode Island never fails to re-mind our colleagues of the unique and significant challenges that coastal States face as a result of climate change. Many people may not know this, but as I said before, you can go to Dela-ware, the lowest lying State. You can come with me and drive south on State Highway 1, past Dover Air Force Base, make a left turn on Prime Hook Road, drive to the edge of Delaware Bay, and look across toward New Jersey. There is a concrete bunker—I don’t know— maybe 500 feet out in the water, poking up out of the water. What used to be there at the water’s edge was a parking lot, where people used to park their trucks and launch their boats and go out and fish or whatever. That con-crete bunker out in the ocean, out in Delaware Bay, used to sit 500 feet west of the dune line. It is now out in the ocean and is largely covered when we have high tide. I invite my colleagues who deny cli-mate change to visit our State. Come to Delaware and see firsthand what I just described at Prime Hook Beach. Come with us to a place called Southbridge, which is just at the southern edge of Wilmington, DE, or to the roads that are washing out in Odes-sa, which is about 30 miles south of Wilmington, where the strongest storms have ravaged our beaches and the sea level has risen, as I mentioned earlier, at Prime Hook Beach. One colleague who has been to Dela-ware more than a few times is SHELDON  W
HITEHOUSE . I like to call him affec-tionately ‘‘the Whitehouse.’’ A few years back, Senator W
HITEHOUSE came to the First State to see a spectacular natural event that Delaware is lucky to host every year—the arrival of the red knots. They fly for literally thou-sands and thousands of miles, from south to north and north to south. They stop for lunch in Delaware. They eat the eggs of our horseshoe crabs, and they refuel for their journey. Imag-ine it. They are not this big. They are maybe half the size of the birds that are right here, but they can fly lit-erally thousands of miles—almost 10,000—before stopping to refuel. Each year, Delaware Bay hosts tens of thousands of tiny but tough birds— the red knots. The red knot regularly migrates some 19,000 miles, it turns out, each year from the southern tip of South America all the way up to the Arctic Circle. It stops in Delaware to feed on horseshoe crab eggs and refuel for the rest of its journey. It is an in-credible journey for such a small shorebird. Its arrival on our shores is a must-see event, as our friend from Rhode Island can attest. You might think that a bird as hearty as the red knot, which flies across the globe every year, might be able to escape the effects of climate change, but warming temperatures, ocean acidification, and sea level rise are threatening their food supply and their nesting grounds all along their journey. If nothing else, we should be working together to ensure that our children and our grandchildren will be able to experience natural phenomena like the arrival of the red knots for years, for decades, for centuries to come. We should also recognize that we share a home with these creatures. It is not just our planet; it is their planet too. If we allow climate change to de-termine their fate, it will undoubtedly determine ours eventually. I will close with this. I know that fighting climate change is a personal matter for me. I also know that the same is true for our friend from Rhode Island. We are fighting for our con-stituents’ way of life, and our Senator from Rhode Island and I will continue to speak truth to power. To the climate science deniers who are still out there, I borrow the fitting words of our Ocean State colleague: It is really time to wake up. Climate change is no longer in the distant fu-ture; it is here, it is now, and we need to meet that challenge head-on. I yield to the Senator from Hawaii. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, the news about climate change certainly feels daunting. In the United States, we have historic wildfires, hurricanes, storms, and floods. Severe weather has upended people’s lives, destroyed busi-nesses and homes, and is now costing the economy tens of billions of dollars every year. Around the world, it can sometimes seem even bleaker. Cities are running out of water, and drought has distressed entire regions and pushed people out of their homes and fueled conflict. Meanwhile, here in Washington, DC, the Trump administration is actively undermining our ability to address cli-mate change. At the EPA in particular, Scott Pruitt is allowing polluters to violate the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act. He plans to eliminate limits on methane emissions and protections that keep toxic chemicals from pol-luting our waterways. He is rolling back the Clean Power Plan and fuel ef-ficiency standards that keep too much carbon from polluting the air. He has cut the number of fines for polluters by more than half, and he has reduced the EPA’s staff so that it is down to the same level that it was in 1984. There are 700 EPA employees, including 200 scientists, who have left since the be-ginning of the Trump administration. In other words, this administration is not just ignoring climate change and its impacts, it is actually throwing fuel on the fire. So is there any reason for hope? Let me give you three reasons to actually be hopeful. First, the rest of the world is going to move forward with or without lead-ership. Every single nation in the world is working to lower its emissions and meet its commitments as part of the Paris Agreement. Experts said that even without the United States, the Paris Agreement can succeed if nations follow through, and there are some promising signs that this is happening. In China, experts predicted that coal consumption would peak between the years 2020 and 2040, but Brookings re-ported earlier this year that the coun-try’s consumption of coal has already peaked. One-third of global invest-ments in renewable energy today come from China. In 2018, they will likely make up half of the entire global mar-ket for new solar installations. China is not the only one making progress here. The world is in a race for clean energy. A coalition of 22 coun-tries and the EU is investing more than $30 billion a year in clean energy re-search and development. That brings us to the second reason to have hope on climate change, and that is economics. Here in the United States, financial incentives remain the law regardless of what Scott Pruitt wants the law to be. We still have the investment tax credit and the produc-tion tax credit for solar and wind, and they are pushing us toward clean en-ergy. Last year, more than half of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.036 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1672 March 13, 2018 
new energy generation that came on-line in the United States was that of wind and solar—more than coal and natural gas combined. The fact is that clean energy is now cheaper than dirty energy. In 2009, coal cost $111 per megawatt hour, natural gas $83, wind $135. Utility-scale solar cost a whopping $359—about 3
1⁄2times the cost of coal. By 2017—listen to these numbers—it was $102 for coal, $60 for natural gas, $45 for wind, and $50 for utility-scale solar. Now wind and solar are 20 percent cheaper, on average, and coal is twice as expensive as clean en-ergy. Even the fossil fuel industry under-stands that we are moving toward a low-carbon economy. That is why their investors are demanding account-ability. Last year, a majority of share-holders forced ExxonMobil to start re-porting on how the fight against cli-mate change will impact the oil com-pany, which is the largest oil company in the world. TransCanada canceled its plans to build an oil pipeline that would have carried 1.1 million barrels of oil a day because of the changing economic and political calculations. Third and finally, the United States may not have the President’s leader-ship on climate change, but when it comes to the Paris Agreement, cor-porations, States, and cities have stood up and declared: We are still in. Thou-sands of mayors, Governors, CEOs, Tribal leaders, and average Americans are working to meet our commitment to the Paris Agreement. Here is one ex-ample at the State level. More than half of the States have clean energy policies in place, and many have capped emissions. In Hawaii, we will transition to 100 percent clean energy by the year 2045, and analysts are opti-mistic that we may reach our goal sooner than that. These efforts are making a difference. Researchers at Carnegie Mellon found that the United States can meet our original commit-ment to the Paris Agreement regard-less of what Rex Tillerson, Donald Trump, and Scott Pruitt want. Even if the EPA undermines our effort, we are still on track. George Washington once said that ‘‘perseverance and spirit have done wonders in all ages.’’ He also said that ‘‘it is infinitely better to have a few good men than many indifferent ones.’’ By these two measures, there is even hope in Congress. Senator S
HELDON  W
HITEHOUSE will be remembered in his-tory as the epitome of perseverance and spirit when it comes to climate change. He understands the moral ur-gency of this moment. When we look at the Senators joining him on the floor this evening, it is clear that we have more than a few good men and women working on this issue. We will continue to shine a light on the many ways that this administra-tion is failing the American people by ignoring climate change. We will also continue to hope because the absence of leadership from this President has not stopped the rest of the country or the rest of the world from acting on climate, and it will not stop us from moving forward. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise today to join the citizens of Massachu-setts who are making their voices heard and sending a clear message to President Trump: The Commonwealth of Massachusetts stands strong in op-position to his reckless proposal to ex-pand offshore drilling. We stand strong in opposition to yet another handout to Big Oil executives who are willing to put corporate profits ahead of the health of our coastal families. We stand strong in opposition to this ad-ministration’s willful ignorance of cli-mate change and the world’s ongoing clean energy revolution. President Trump may say that his drilling plan is about growing jobs, but the truth is that this offshore drilling proposal is a slap in the face to every hard-working coastal family. President Trump is willing to put corporate prof-its for his Big Oil buddies ahead of shipping crews in Boston, ahead of the fishermen from Gloucester to New Bed-ford, ahead of the mom-and-pop diners all along the Cape, ahead of every tour-ism industry worker, and ahead of the families of all of these workers. Presi-dent Trump is willing to gamble with the livelihoods of over 600,000 North At-lantic coastal and ocean workers. The people of Massachusetts and the people who depend on a clean coast are not willing to take that gamble. Our coastal communities remember when the BP Deepwater Horizon oil-spill happened in 2010. One offshore oil well blew and caused Deepwater Hori-zon’s drilling rig to explode. It killed 11 workers, injured 17 others, and un-leashed one of the worst environmental disasters in human history. Nearly 5 million barrels of oil gushed into the ocean, contaminating more than 1,300 miles of coastline and nearly 70,000 square miles of surface water. Millions of birds and marine animals died, suffo-cated by thick coatings of oil and poisoned by other toxic chemicals. The gulf fishing industry lost thousands of jobs and hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue. The spill devastated the gulf’s coastal tourism economy. The environmental and economic devasta-tion hit working families and small businesses across the region. But the Trump administration in-sists on padding the pockets of Big Oil while small coastal towns bear all the risks that something will go wrong. The local towns bear the risk of a dev-astating oilspill. The local towns bear the risk of climate change impact, in-cluding increased coastal habitat de-struction, fisheries threatened by ocean acidification, and rising sea lev-els. President Trump and this Repub-lican Congress want to bury their heads in the sand or bury their heads in the big pile of Big Oil money, but the reality is this: Climate change has hap-pened, and the evidence is all around us. The consequences are worsening with every single day of inaction. Make no mistake. We are in the most critical fight of our generation and we are running out of time. We are in a fight to save our coastal towns, a fight to save our farmers, a fight to save our fishermen, a fight to save good-paying clean energy jobs, and a fight for our children’s future. Will winning the fight against cli-mate change be tough? You bet it will. We will need to retool to install off-shore wind turbines instead of offshore drilling rigs. We will need to invest in faster clean energy deployment, mod-ernize the electric grid, build sea walls to protect our coastal towns, and much, much more. It is a big job ahead, but there is no country and no work-force in the world that is more willing and more able to tackle the challenges of climate change head-on than the United States of America. Yes, it is hard, but it is what we do. It is who we are. We are a nation of unrelenting work-ers who clawed our way out of the Great Depression, who fought two world wars, who put a man on the moon, and who electrified the Nation with 20th century fuels. With a level playing field, we are a nation of work-ers who can electrify the world all over again with the 21st century fuels of wind, solar, and other clean energy sources. The American people deserve leader-ship that understands just how innova-tive and persistent we are—leadership that knows the fearless strength of the American people; leadership that be-lieves in the innovative, get-it-done at-titude of the American worker; leader-ship that will stand up to Big Oil ex-ecutives hell-bent on protecting their profits at our expense; and leadership that knows that our best days are ahead of us. But we have to fight for them. They deserve leadership that will not ignore the challenges of cli-mate change; leadership that will not chain our economy to the fossil fuels of yesterday and, instead, will support the good-paying, clean energy jobs of tomorrow; and leadership that refuses to put our coastal families at risk of another devastating oil spill. The American people deserve leader-ship that doesn’t work for Big Oil. The American people deserve leadership that works for them. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I first wish to thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE , one of my best friends in the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.037 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1673 March 13, 2018 
We came to the Senate on the same day. He will go down in history as the best advocate in this body or perhaps the greatest moralist of our time com-batting climate change. He has edu-cated Members of the Senate—some more resistant than others. He has taken to the floor over and over. He has continued to make sure that people listen to something impor-tant, and we all appreciate that leader-ship. Climate change affects Ohio jobs that rely on Lake Erie. The Great Lakes are vital to our industrial heartland, as the Rockies are to the West, as the Atlan-tic coastline is to New England, as the Gulf of Mexico is to the Presiding Offi-cer’s own State of Florida. In fact, 84 percent of America’s freshwater is in the five Great Lakes. Only polar ice-caps contain more freshwater than do the Great Lakes. Lake Erie is one of the biggest lakes in the world. It is also the shallowest of the lakes. This is an amazing sta-tistic. Lake Erie is the shallowest and among the smallest of the Great Lakes in surface area. Lake Erie contains 2 percent of all the water in the Great Lakes, yet it contains 50 percent of the fish in the Great Lakes because it is warmer and shallower and conducive to aquatic life and fish life. Its shallowness makes it particularly vulnerable to storm water runoff and the algae blooms that it causes. The Maumee River runs through Toledo. The Maumee River Basin is the largest drainage basin of any of the Great Lakes, and the largest river that empties into the Great Lakes is the Maumee. Climate change makes these algae blooms off the coast of Toledo in the western base of Lake Erie. Climate change makes those blooms worse. It contaminates our lakes, and it threat-ens the Ohio businesses and commu-nities that rely on Lake Erie. Three summers ago, we had to get bottled drinking water to the citizens of To-ledo and the surrounding areas of Northwest Ohio because the water was not potable at that time. According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, we know that one effect of climate change in the Great Lakes region has been a 37-percent increase in the gully wash-ers—the heavy rain events that con-tribute to algae blooms. I talked to farmers who have been farming in the Western Lake Erie Basin for decades. Just a few weeks ago I did a roundtable in that part of the State. My staff member Jonathan McCracken has done a number of roundtables before. Since talking to these farmers, they tell us they are ex-periencing heavier rain events more often and with greater intensity com-pared to even 15 years ago, let alone in the lifespan of many of these farmers. Hotter summers and shorter winters make this worse. The effects of algae blooms have a profound effect on the ecosystem. That is why this matters. Protecting our lakes is one of the big-gest environmental challenges facing the entire Midwest. It is the biggest challenge facing Ohio. We have made some progress over the last 8 years, thanks in large part to the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. The GLRI is working. Everybody knows it does. Nobody claims it doesn’t. I remember how polluted Lake Erie was when I was growing up. I grew up an hour or hour and a half from there. My family, a week or two in the sum-mer, would drive north to Gem Beach. I remember the dead fish. I remember the smell of the lake. I remember that this lake was in big, big trouble. We have made progress cleaning up its tributaries. We increased access to the lake. We approved habitats for fish and wildlife. It has been a bipartisan success story, and it took the Federal Government to do it. The city of Cleve-land couldn’t do it, nor the city of Lor-raine, the city of Sandusky, the city of Port Clinton, the city of Ashtabula. They couldn’t clean up the lake. The State of Ohio didn’t have the ability and the resources to clean this lake up. It took the Federal Government and the U.S. EPA to have the strength and the dollars and the mission to clean up this lake. That is why it has been a bi-partisan success story all over our country. We need to make sure that GLRI has the funding it needs to keep up its work and not eliminate it, as the Presi-dent again proposed in his budget. Tak-ing a hatchet to GLRI would cost Ohio jobs, and it would jeopardize public health by putting our drinking water at risk. If you are over 50 years old, you re-member what that lake looked like. You remember what that lake smelled like. You remember how people didn’t swim there, how people’s drinking water was threatened. You remember that before EPA, before there was this bipartisan commitment to clean up one of the greatest of the Great Lakes. You remember that. Obviously, this President doesn’t know this. This President won his elec-tion based on winning these Great Lakes States, and he has abandoned these States by drastically cutting funding for the Great Lakes Restora-tion Initiative. Those of us along the Great Lakes didn’t stand for a budget that elimi-nated GLRI last year. Nothing has changed this year. Ohioans on both sides of the aisle will go to the mat for our lake. I am working with Senator P
ORTMAN —I am a Democrat; he is a Re-publican—and my Ohio colleagues from both parties to protect it. Budget cuts are terrible for this; climate change will only make it worse. When I was young, people wrote off Lake Erie as a polluted, dying lake. As I said, I remember seeing it. I remem-ber smelling it. I remember hearing people talk about it. Many, many peo-ple thought that there wasn’t much fu-ture for this Great Lake, that it would be impossible to clean up. People in the past have had a habit of not just writing off Lake Erie but also writing off my State. We have proved them wrong time and again. We proved them wrong back then, we proved them wrong today, and we will prove them wrong in the future. Our lake is improving. It is sup-porting an entire industry. It supports the jobs it creates. It is providing drinking water and recreation and so much more to communities across our State, and we can’t allow climate change to ruin that progress. We can-not write off Lake Erie. We cannot write off the millions of Ohioans and people from Indiana, Michigan, Penn-sylvania, New York, Illinois, Wis-consin, and Minnesota who depend on these five Great Lakes. I see it up close. I live only 5 or 6 miles from the lake. I know what it means for my community. I know how important this is for the future—the environmental future—of our country, the economic future of my State. It is important for all of us to come to-gether on a bipartisan basis. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I join my colleagues today to discuss cli-mate change. I want to thank Senator WHITEHOUSE for being a vocal advocate for addressing this issue. Climate change is real. It is hap-pening all around us, and we can’t af-ford to ignore this fact any longer. This past year, global temperatures were up 1.7 degrees Fahrenheit over the historical average. Millions of Ameri-cans came face-to-face with extreme weather events like deadly wildfires and powerful hurricanes, and these ex-treme weather events are only ex-pected to get worse. If no action is taken to significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions, the world will warm 7 to 8 degrees Fahr-enheit by 2100. Rising temperatures will bring increasingly more severe droughts, destructive floods, deadly wildfires, and strong coastal storms. Rising temperatures are also warming our oceans, threatening to melt both polar icecaps. Last summer, the world watched as an iceberg the size of Delaware broke free from Antarctica’s Larsen C ice shelf. Scientists are now studying how the entire shelf may collapse and pro-jecting what that would mean for the even larger West Antarctic Ice Sheet as oceans continue to warm. That sheet— twice the size of Texas—contains enough ice to raise sea levels by more than 10 feet. That much sea rise would submerge more than 25,000 square miles of the United States that is home to more than 12 million Americans. Rising seas and the loss of coastal land aren’t the only threats we are fac-ing due to climate change. The effects it is having on our water supply is deeply troubling. California is home to the largest ag-riculture sector in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.039 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1674 March 13, 2018 
Our growers need access to plenty of water to help feed the whole Nation. As temperatures rise, we are seeing fewer and fewer days below freezing, greatly reducing mountain snowpack which is a critical source of water in the West. Extreme heat is also making it harder for agriculture workers to safely work outside. In the Central Valley, average temperatures are projected to rise 6 de-grees by the end of this century. It is not just people who work outdoors who are feeling the health effects of climate change. Warmer temperatures are ex-panding the range of disease-carrying pests such as ticks and mosquitos. Lyme disease cases have tripled in the last two decades, and tropical diseases are now appearing as far north as the Gulf Coast. Californians know all too well the ef-fects of climate change. We are still re-covering from an historic drought and the most destructive wildfire season on record. But we may be in another drought by next year if we don’t get more rain soon. In the absence of leadership from the Federal Government, California is stepping up and taking action. Cali-fornia is still honoring the Paris Agree-ment even though the President pulled the United States out. By 2030, California will reach 50 per-cent renewable electricity, double en-ergy efficiency, and reduce emissions to 40 percent below 1990 levels. Cali-fornia has also grown to become the sixth largest economy in the world, showing you can still grow your econ-omy while making smart investments in clean energy. President Trump and his allies in Congress need to wake up. We can’t af-ford to ignore an issue as important as climate change any longer. The American people demand action. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise today to commemorate the 200th speech the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , will make here on the floor of the U.S. Senate on the need to act on climate change. When global challenges arise, coun-tries throughout the world look to the United States for leadership. Climate change is an issue that affects billions of people worldwide, and the United States can and should be a leading voice in combating it. Despite making significant progress under President Obama, President Trump has decided to reverse course and take a backseat while the rest of the world tackles this issue head-on. Over the last year, the United States has pulled out of the Paris Agreement, weakened air and water protections here at home, moved away from renew-able energy, and implemented drastic funding and staffing cuts at the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, EPA. President Trump’s decision to retreat from our commitment to combating climate change comes at a critical time for the state of our environment. His abdication of responsibility is ca-lamitous. The vast majority of sci-entists have concluded that climate change is real and caused by human ac-tivity, and Americans are already feel-ing the effects. Last year, for instance, our Nation experienced one of the most destruc-tive hurricane seasons on record and a series of deadly wildfires. On top of this, sea levels continue to rise at record pace, posing an existential threat to coastal communities throughout the country. This is espe-cially dangerous for the State I rep-resent, as many Marylanders live in areas that are acutely susceptible to rising tides and flood damage. As such, much of our essential communication, transportation, energy, and wastewater management infrastructure is at risk. This begs the question: What kind of environmental legacy do we want to leave for our children and grand-children? I believe that it is our re-sponsibility to leave our beaches, farms, towns, and wetlands healthier than we found them. The most recent research suggests that our actions over the next 5 years will shape the course of sea level rise for generations. Therefore, the time is now to take decisive action on climate change. If we fail to do so, we will be left to explain to the next generation why we failed to act in the face of so much incontrovertible evidence. Some of my colleagues argue that tackling climate change is too costly an undertaking. They claim that any action we take to protect human health and the environment will inevi-tably cost jobs and hurt the economy. The reality is that nothing poses a big-ger long-term threat to our economic and national security than climate change. As sea levels and temperatures climb higher, so do the costs of doing busi-ness. Changing weather patterns in-crease risk for homeowners. Our at-tempts to cool a heating planet will strain our energy supply. These are just a few of the economic con-sequences that we will face if we fail to take action. The progress we have seen in Mary-land demonstrates that we can pre-serve our environment while maintain-ing a robust economy. Marylanders have taken decisive action on a range of environmental issues, and the State is currently on track to meet the guidelines established in the Paris Agreement. Thanks, in part, to the partnerships within the Chesapeake Bay Program, the health of the Bay has been steadily increasing for years. At the same time, Maryland’s farm-ing industry, which employs over 350,000 Marylanders, has remained vi-brant. Our success in Maryland is a tes-tament to what we can do as a nation on climate change. The key to our success will depend on the degree to which we are willing to cooperate with each other. This in-cludes interstate partnerships such as the Chesapeake Bay Program, as well as international partnerships like the Paris Agreement. We should not let President Trump’s decision to remove the United States from the Paris Agreement discourage us from working together to achieve our goals. In the spirit of collaboration, we should con-tinue to partner with the States, local-ities, universities, and business that have decided to honor the global com-mitment we made under President Obama. I am especially proud to see the city of Baltimore, Hyattsville, Takoma Park, the University of Maryland School System, and all the other local-ities and organizations lead this effort in Maryland by joining the America’s Pledge project. America’s Pledge is a new initiative co-led by California Governor Edmund G. ‘‘Jerry’’ Brown, Jr., and the U.N. Secretary-General’s Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change Michael R. Bloomberg, which aims to assess the scope and scale of climate actions being taken by U.S. States, cities, busi-nesses, and other non-Federal actors. I am proud the Center for Global Sus-tainability at the University of Mary-land is among the institutions pro-viding the project their research sup-port. I encourage my colleagues to put our planet, our environment, and the fu-ture of humanity over partisan politics and President Trump’s stubborn insist-ence on retrograde policies. We must do what is best not just for ourselves, but for future generations, too. The United States of America has been a world leader on so many issues, which redounds to our own benefit. Now is not the time to abdicate that role. The world and our children are watching. We are fortunate to have climate change leaders like Senator WHITE-
HOUSE . With a dogged persistence, he has come to this Chamber month after month to educate, to cajole, and to in-spire us to take action. Most of all, he has warned us of the grave danger climate change presents. Will we be like the Trojans of ancient Greek mythology, who ignored the prophecies of Cassandra about the im-minent destruction of their city? We do so, like the Trojans, at our own peril. Cassandra’s prophecies came true. If we listen to Senator W
HITEHOUSE and learn from him and take action now, we can change our fate for the better. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I thank my friend Senator S
HELDON WHITE-
HOUSE , and congratulations on his long history of action on climate change. Six years ago, Senator W
HITEHOUSE  began a campaign to speak every week about climate change. One need only look at the past 6 years of climate im-pacts to understand just how impor-tant the Senator’s pledge is. The planet has been warming for years, but in the last few years, the disturbing trends have accelerated. The last 4 years have been the hottest on record. The effects of climate change are al-ready obvious, from the eroding coasts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.016 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1675 March 13, 2018 
off Cape Cod to storm surge in Boston Harbor. January’s bomb cyclone in Massachusetts broke the flood record in Boston set by the Blizzard of 1978. Sadly, this is our new normal. Thir-teen of the top 20 biggest flood events in Boston have occurred since 2000. While Massachusetts gets overrun by the impacts of climate change, Presi-dent Trump has plans to expand off-shore drilling off the New England coast. This is the very definition of in-sanity. Our communities and our oceans are feeling the pressure of the changing climate. But what has the Trump ad-ministration decided to do about it? Worse than nothing. It has started to withdraw us from the Paris Climate Accord. It has repealed the Clean Power Plan. It has rolled back historic fuel economy standards, loosened standards for hazardous pollutants, and declared all-out war on climate science. Throughout the administration, there has been an alarming attack on public information about climate change. On the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s website, more than 5,000 pages of information on climate change have disappeared, either relegated to an unsearchable maze far from public view or simply deleted. Fact sheets on public health and climate change are gone. Resources for States and cities have disappeared. Guides for students and teachers are no more. This isn’t transparency; it is a transparent at-tack on climate science. It is also an attack on our scientists. More than 200 scientists have left the EPA under the Trump administration. Those 200 scientists have been replaced with only seven new hires. Our top cli-mate scientists are telling us that fear is rampant at EPA and across Federal agencies. The EPA’s job is to instill fear into the hearts of corporate pol-luters, not its own scientists. We need to encourage more science, not less. We need science to inform the policies we need to provide the solu-tions that could save our planet. That is what Senator W
HITEHOUSE has cham-pioned for these past 6 years on the floor and throughout his career in pub-lic service. I thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE for ask-ing me to stand with him today and for being an environmental Paul Revere, sounding the alarm on climate change. We cannot be silenced, and we will con-tinue to work together to sound that alarm—because that is what is hap-pening, the Earth’s alarm clock has gone off and it is telling us all to wake up. There is no one who is more woke to what is happening to our planet’s climate than he. Thank you. Mr. BROWN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KING. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. KING. Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleague from Rhode Island to talk about climate change, but I first want to make a comment about my good friend and an important Mem-ber of this body, Senator WHITEHOUSE  of Rhode Island, and what he has done. In the 1930s, a lonely voice stood on the floor of the Houses of Parliament, warning of the impending catastrophe of the rearmament of Germany in the advent of World War II. People didn’t listen. Often, he spoke to a lonely House, but his voice was clear, his voice was prescient, and what he said was important. Of course, I refer to Winston Churchill. Today and over the past many years, Senator W
HITEHOUSE has performed that same function of warning us, of trying to wake us up to a challenge that is impending, that is catastrophic, that is significant, and that is also at least somewhat preventable. Senator W
HITEHOUSE has talked about climate change in terms of ocean acidification, temperature changes, sea level rise, drought, famine, and the ef-fects throughout the world. Often this Chamber is empty, but his warnings are important and should be heeded nonetheless. The first thing I want to do is thank him and compliment him for the work that he has done over these many years and continues to do. I can see his sign—as I see it on C–SPAN and here on the floor—that says ‘‘Wake Up,’’ and wake up is what we need to do. People often talk about climate change as if it were some abstract thing that is going on, and it is in sci-entific journals, and it is a kind of en-vironmental movement that doesn’t really affect real life that much; it is just sort of something that goes on out there and one of the many issues we have to deal with. But it is real. I will tell you how I know. The fishermen in Maine have told me so. Just this past Saturday, I spent the evening with a man who has been a fisherman for 40 years in the Gulf of Maine. He said that he has never seen the kinds of changes we have seen in the last 10 years. They are catching fish that have never been seen before in the Gulf of Maine. A lobsterman told me of pulling up a seahorse in his lob-ster trap. Seahorses aren’t supposed to live in the cold water of Maine. This isn’t an abstract question for us. Lobstering is a $1.7-billion-a-year in-dustry for Maine. Lobstering used to be a major industry in Rhode Island and Massachusetts, and now it is largely gone. There are multiple explanations, but one of them is that the water is warm-ing, and our species, whether they are lobsters or trees or bears, are sensitive to small environmental changes. We have had record lobster harvests in Maine in the last 5 to 10 years—al-though I have to say that in the last 2 years, they have been down. We don’t know whether the declines are a blip or a trend. We deeply hope that it doesn’t represent a trend, but we can’t ignore what happened to the lobster popu-lation to our south. The water is getting warmer in the Gulf of Maine. The water in the Gulf of Maine is warming at the fastest rate of any body of water on Earth, except for the Arctic Ocean, and it has already wrought changes in the nature of our natural resource-based economy. Maine is a natural resource State, de-pendent largely upon fisheries, lobster, agriculture, farming, and forestry. That is who we are. Of course, another part of our economy is the millions of tourists who come to Maine each sum-mer to visit our incredible coastline. Climate change isn’t an abstract for us; it is a very real phenomenon. I want to emphasize not only what my friend the fisherman told me this weekend, but also that I have heard from fishermen all over Maine for the last 4 or 5 years about the changes they are seeing. This guy isn’t a scientist, but he is out on the water, and he knows what he is catching. He knows he is catching fish he has never caught before. He has never seen the tropical, warm water fish now being caught in the Gulf of Maine. I think the other factor we need to talk about is a dollars-and-cents ques-tion that relates to sea level rise. We are talking about millions of dollars on the part of the U.S. Government to pre-serve the coastal infrastructure that we have in connection with our Armed Forces. The city of Norfolk is already experi-encing what are called sunny day floods. The city of Miami—the Pre-siding Officer’s hometown—is experi-encing sunny day floods. These are floods that aren’t caused by great storms, by great perturbations in the atmosphere; they are caused just by a high tide. The cost of dealing with this in Miami, New Orleans, New York, or Maine is going to be enormous. We tend to think of the ocean as a fixed commodity, as something that has always been the way it is now. It turns out that we have been fooled. We have been lulled into a sense of con-fidence about the level of the sea be-cause for the past 8,000 years, it has been the same. But this is a chart that shows the depth of the Atlantic Ocean over the past 24,000 years. It turns out that 24,000 years ago, which was the height of the glacial pe-riod, the waters off the coast of Maine were 390 feet shallower than they are today—390 feet shallower. What you see here is the melting of the glaciers and the refilling of the oceans. From our historic point of view, the problem is that it got to a plateau about 10,000 years ago, and that is all we know. That is human history, right here. We don’t remember this very much because it appeared before re-corded human history. Now, there is an interesting moment in this chart, and it is right in this pe-riod about 15,000 years ago, and it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.018 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1676 March 13, 2018 
called the meltwater pulse 1A. That is what scientists call it. We see a very steep rise in the ocean level during this period. Interestingly, this rise is about 1 foot per decade. That is what hap-pened during that time about 15,000 years ago. Well, a year and a half ago I went to Greenland with two climate scientists, one of whom focuses almost exclu-sively on sea level rise. The estimates vary quite a bit, I will concede, but their estimate was that what we are facing now is 1 foot of sea level rise per decade for the rest of this century. Has it ever happened before? Yes. Is that an outrageous estimate? No, because it has happened before. It can happen again. Why? Because the last remnants of the glaciers are in Antarctica and Greenland, and between the ice sheets on those two areas is 260 feet of addi-tional sea level rise. Greenland is melt-ing at an unprecedented rate, and there is a huge ice shelf in Antarctica that is poised to fall into the ocean. If that happens, it will cause sea level rise, just as dropping an ice cube in a glass of water does. The indications are overwhelming of what this issue means for the future of this country. This is not an academic question. Here is another example of what is happening in a relatively short period of time. The volume of ice in the Arc-tic Ocean has fallen by two-thirds since 1979—a 40-year period. The Arctic Ocean is more clear today than it has ever been in human history. Anybody who says nothing is happening or it is just routine or the weather changes all the time isn’t paying attention to the facts. Again, my concern about this is practical: the cost of seawalls, the cost of shoring up our infrastructure, just the cost to the government of pro-tecting the naval facilities in Norfolk. Of course, one of the problems in the State of the Presiding Officer is, the rock is porous limestone so it is very difficult to build a seawall because the water will simply come under it. So we are talking about a very serious prac-tical issue that is going to cost our so-ciety billions, if not trillions, of dol-lars. Can we stop it? Probably not. Can we slow it? Yes, but it is going to take ac-tion today, and every day we wait, it makes the action harder and more ex-pensive. If we wait until the waves are lapping up over the seawall in New York City or over the dikes in New Or-leans or over the streets of Miami or along the coast of Maine at our marshes and low points, it will be too late. Then all we can do is defend and not prevent. I believe we can make changes now that are not totally disruptive to our economy but will be protective of our economy and will be much cheaper now than they will be 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, or 50 years from now. What we are doing is leaving the problem to our kids, just like we are leaving the deficit to our kids, just like we are leaving broken infrastructure to our kids. Tom Brokaw wrote a book after World War II called ‘‘The Greatest Gen-eration.’’ That was the generation that sacrificed in World War II, and then they built the Interstate Highway Sys-tem, paid for it, and paid down the debt that was accumulated during World War II. We are just the opposite. We are increasing our debt on all levels at a time of relative prosperity. The econ-omy is at low unemployment. Yet we are passing trillion-dollar tax cuts that add to the deficit that these young peo-ple are going to have to pay off. We are not attending to the problem of climate change. Who is going to have to pay to build those seawalls? Not us; our children and our grand-children. I believe this is a moral and an ethical issue as well as a practical issue. So I will return to where I began: to compliment my colleague from Rhode Island for raising the alarm, for point-ing out what we can do, how we can do it, the consensus of scientific opinion, and the reality of what we are facing. We can do better. We don’t have to avoid and ignore and waste the re-sources and the time we have now. The most precious resource we have now to confront this problem is time, and every day that goes by is a day of irresponsibility. It is a day where our children and grandchildren are going to say: Where were you when this was happening? Why didn’t you listen to that guy from Rhode Island who told you what was going to happen, who told you how we could do something about it? Why didn’t we listen? I don’t want to be a person who says I didn’t listen because I was too busy or be-cause it was inconvenient or because I was afraid it might change a little bit about how we powered our automobiles or got electricity. I think it is a question we can face. This body can solve big problems. It has done it in the past, but recently our pattern has been, instead of solving problems, avoiding problems—putting them off until next year, next month, or decades from now when this problem is no longer a problem but a catas-trophe. So I salute and thank my colleague from Rhode Island for keeping the focus on this issue. I look forward to continuing to work with him, as we will continue to urge and plead with our colleagues to join us in reasonable steps that can be taken to ameliorate what is coming at us. This is a moment in time when we have it within our power to do something important for the future of our country and for the future of our children. I hope we can seize that moment and serve not only the American people today but the American people who will come after us and will judge us by the extent to which we confronted a problem and saved them from having to solve it themselves. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The Senator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I come to the floor to amplify the efforts of my colleague Senator WHITEHOUSE  as he gives his 200th climate speech on the Senate floor. He really has become a modern-day Paul Revere on one of the most critical issues of our time that very well dictates the future of our planet and our way of life as we know it. I believe history will record that Senator W
HITEHOUSE riveted the attention of the Senate—or attempted, certainly, to do so—and the Nation on the real threat that is climate change. Climate change may be an inconven-ient truth to some, but it is a threat to New Jersey, to the United States, and to the security and stability of our world. It is a challenge we cannot af-ford to ignore. I agree with my distinguished col-league from Rhode Island that it is well past time for this Congress to wake up and demand climate action from this administration. We often hear the Trump administra-tion officials, and even some of our col-leagues in Congress, suggest that ‘‘we don’t know enough’’ about climate change to take action, when the truth is, we know too much not to take ac-tion. We know about the greenhouse effect and how gases like carbon dioxide trap heat in our atmosphere. We know that since 2010, we have experienced the five warmest years on record and that mo-mentary cold snaps in our weather do not detract from the indisputable re-ality that around the world, tempera-tures are steadily rising. We know that 97 percent of scientists agree that man-made climate change is real and that the burning of fossil fuels and other human activities have led to unprece-dented levels—unprecedented levels—of carbon dioxide in our atmosphere and in our oceans. We know experts at NOAA have con-cluded that since the Industrial Revo-lution, our oceans have become 30 per-cent more acidic—the greatest increase in 300 million years. Likewise, we know the Arctic is warming at twice the rate of the rest of the world and that as icecaps melt, our sea levels rise, endangering the coastal communities that drive so much of America’s economy. In New Jersey, we know the real threat posed by climate change, and we know that threat is real. My constitu-ents bore the brunt of Superstorm Sandy when it devastated the Jersey shore. We know rising sea levels and the powerful storms that accompany them jeopardize our coastal commu-nities. From tourism to commercial fishing, to coastal property values to-taling nearly $800 billion, millions of families across New Jersey depend upon a healthy coast and a safe cli-mate. While I may be partial to the Jersey shore, the reality is, nearly 40 percent of the American people live along a coast. That is 40 percent of our country threatened by rising sea levels, stronger storm surges, and more ex-treme flooding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.042 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1677 March 13, 2018 
Of course, climate change is far from just a coastal problem. From life- threatening heat waves to crop-de-stroying droughts, to record-breaking wildfires, the perils of a warming plan-et are not up for debate. The fact is, climate change will impact every human being and every living thing on this planet if—if—we fail to take ac-tion, and the American people know it. In October of 2017, the Associated Press found that over 61 percent of Americans want us to respond to this historic challenge—61 percent. Even President Trump’s Department of De-fense gets it. Earlier this year, the Pentagon reported that about 50 per-cent of all Department of Defense sites already—already—face risks from cli-mate change and extreme weather events. As the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I am particularly concerned that we have done little to address climate change’s role as a threat multiplier. Whether it is disruptions to the food supply or forced migration from sea level rise or destruction wreaked by more powerful storms, climate change will likely exacerbate conflict and hu-manitarian crises around the world. President Trump’s willful ignorance of these threats risks leaving the United States unprepared for the 21st century. There is no question that this willful ignorance is born out of this adminis-tration’s cozy relationship with the fossil fuel industry. From the Depart-ment of Energy to the Environmental Protection Agency, to the Department of the Interior, President Trump has stacked his Cabinet with individuals who seem more concerned about Big Oil profits than the safety of our people and the future of our planet. Nearly a year ago, the President an-nounced his plan to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord, leaving us isolated on the glob-al stage. Now is not the time to hand our pre-cious waters and protected public lands over to special interests. Now is the time for Congress to incentivize the in-vestments that will modernize our en-ergy infrastructure, create new high- paying jobs, and grow our clean energy economy. That is why I have introduced the COAST Anti-Drilling Act to perma-nently ban offshore drilling in the At-lantic and protect the coastal commu-nities so vital to New Jersey and other States. That is why I introduced legis-lation with 22 of my colleagues to level the playing field and eliminate tax-payer-funded subsidies for the five big-gest oil companies. That is why I have worked on the Senate Finance Com-mittee to extend incentives for wind and solar and other clean energy tech-nologies. That is why I have backed legislation that would help harness the potential for limitless clean wind power off our shores. These initiatives represent modest, commonsense steps toward a thriving clean energy economy, but, ultimately, it is not enough. We need to think big-ger and act boldly. That is why I am here on the floor today with Senator W
HITEHOUSE calling for action on cli-mate change. It is time we take action to reduce carbon pollution, create new, high-paying jobs, and accelerate the adoption of innovative clean energy technologies. It is time this adminis-tration wake up and put the long-term economic, environmental, and security interests of the United States ahead of fossil fuel profits. It is time the United States reclaims its rightful place as the global leader on climate change. The American people demand it, and the future of our planet depends on it. That future, to a large degree, is going to be, hopefully, achieved because of individuals willing to stand up for a cause, being principled about it, and willing to fight for it and continue like a laser beam on focusing the attention of the Senate, the Congress, and the American people. Senator W
HITEHOUSE  is that person, and I salute him as he gives his 200th speech today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. I thank the Presiding Officer for recognizing me. Mr. President, I know the Presiding Officer hasn’t been here the whole time, but many Senators have been speaking about climate change. We see in the Presiding Officer’s State, in Gla-cier National Park—which I think kind of tells it all—a national park created around glaciers, and they are dis-appearing rapidly. I come to the floor, first of all, to thank S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE for his re-markable leadership on the issue of cli-mate change. His weekly wake-up call speeches have inspired a lot of us. Arti-cles have covered his effort on this. This one is titled, ‘‘A Climate ‘Wake Up’ for the 200th Time.’’ He has been down here religiously taking on this issue. In this article, a major leader in the environmental movement said about Sheldon’s speeches, ‘‘[His] speeches have been critically important in draw-ing attention to the need for climate action.’’ She also said, ‘‘Demand for climate action is only growing, and certainly we give him credit for his leadership in that effort.’’ Very true. I remember traveling with S
HELDON  W
HITEHOUSE to Paris, when all of us were very much enthused to see the world come together and sign the Paris climate agreement. We were all very excited. This effort had been going on for 40 years, and here the countries in the world were finally getting to-gether. I watched Sheldon making those arguments over there. He argued his case persuasively, and he wins con-verts easily. So we all are here to thank him for his leadership. In particular, I would also like to talk about climate change, its impact on the Southwest, and where we are headed in my home State of New Mex-ico and the Greater Southwest. Cli-mate change is here and now. I want to talk about that impact in the South-west, which is severe. My home State of New Mexico is right in the bull’s- eye. Our Nation and our Earth cannot af-ford for us to sit back and do nothing for the next 3 years, but this is pre-cisely what is happening under this ad-ministration and this Congress. Our ex-ecutive and legislative branches are not only sitting on their hands in the face of climate change disruption and devastation; they are aggressively halting all progress we are making. I was so discouraged when I saw the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency take down a cli-mate change website that had gone from a Republican administration to a Democratic administration. I think it had been going on for almost 10 years. This was covered in the Washington Post. Administrator Pruitt, on taking office, took it down and said: We are going to update it. Here we are, more than a year, and if you try to look at that website, it just says: We are in the process of updating it. I don’t think we are ever going to see it again, would be my guess. Let’s look at some of the reasons and how the progress is being halted here. There are a number of reasons for this, but I think the biggest and most insid-ious is money—billions of dollars in campaign contributions. The President and congressional ma-jority are delaying, suspending, and stopping policies and programs that combat climate change because of the dark money in politics. Oil and gas, coal, power companies, and other spe-cial interests feed their campaign and PAC coffers while the clear public in-terest is ignored. We must reform our campaign finance system or our cli-mate and the American people will pay a greater and greater price. SHELDON WHITEHOUSE has made a contribution there with his book, ‘‘Captured,’’ where he talks about this dark money indepth. That is another piece of scholarship that really adds to what is happening on this campaign fi-nance front. While the President, his EPA Admin-istrator, and his Interior Secretary are openly hostile to climate change science, career government scientists and professionals are still hard at work doing their jobs evaluating climate im-pacts. Last November, the U.S. Global Change Research Program, consisting of 13 Federal agencies, issued volume I of the ‘‘Fourth National Climate As-sessment.’’ It is the most authoritative Federal Government resource on cli-mate change. It concludes, ‘‘This period is now the warmest in the history of modern civ-ilization’’ with ‘‘record-breaking, cli-mate-related weather extremes,’’ and human activities—especially green-house gas emissions—are the ‘‘ex-tremely likely’’ ‘‘dominant cause.’’ A pretty strong statement from the sci-entists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.043 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1678 March 13, 2018 
With climate change, the Southwest is expected to get hotter and much drier, especially in the southern half of the region. In the last 18 years, New Mexico has seen one reprieve from drought, and the trend is unmistak-able. We are seeing less snowpack, ear-lier melting, and less runoff. Even when we do get snow, new research shows we are getting less runoff from it. Our scarce water resources are even more strained. Here is a drought map of New Mexico from just last week, March 6. Virtually the entire State faces drier conditions. We can see it here, talking about the northern part of the State with ex-treme drought, most of the middle and northern part of the State in severe drought, and then the southern part of the State in moderate drought. Vir-tually, the entire State of New Mexico is in a very serious drought situation. Some experts are saying we need to stop thinking about this phenomenon as a drought but instead as a dry re-gion becoming permanently drier. This is a direct threat to our way of life in New Mexico and the Southwest. Elephant Butte Reservoir is our big-gest reservoir in New Mexico. It was built close to 100 years ago for flood control and irrigation. Its supply comes from the Rio Grande, our largest river in New Mexico and, as we know, a 1,900-mile river that flows through several States. It is a border for close to 1,000 miles or more, and it flows into the Gulf of Mexico, but for the decade ending 2010, on the Rio Grande, flows in the Rio Grande decreased 23 percent— almost one-quarter—from the 20th cen-tury average. Here are photos of Elephant Butte Reservoir from 1994 and 2013. These photos were taken from a satellite. This top photo is from 1994, and we can see a remarkable reservoir and how deep and extended that reservoir is. Now we jump forward about 20 years, and here is Elephant Butte Reservoir in 2013. The picture says a thousand words: The reservoir is rapidly, rapidly disappearing. We can see the dramatic decrease in supply over that short time. Our farmers and ranchers depend on this supply, and they are struggling. This year, the snowpack in the Upper Rio Grande is half of what it should be, and that will force the reservoir even lower. Across the Southwest, the average annual temperature has increased about 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit. The last decade, from 2001 to 2010, was the warmest in over a century. Now, New Mexico is really feeling the heat. We are the sixth fastest warming State in the Nation. Since 1970, our average an-nual temperature increased about 0.6 degrees per decade—or about 2.7 de-grees over 45 years—and it is not over. Average annual temperatures are pro-jected to rise 3.5 to 8.5 degrees by 2100. Difficult-to-control wildfires have multiplied because of dry conditions killing trees and other vegetation, threatening lives, destroying homes, and costing billions of dollars. New Mexico experienced its largest wildfire in 2012—the Whitewater-Baldy Complex fire—that burned almost 290,000 acres. The fire burned in the southwestern part of the State but caused air pollu-tion hundreds of miles away in Las Cruces to the east and Santa Fe to the northeast. Agriculture is a mainstay for the Southwest’s economy. We produce more than half of the Nation’s high- value specialty crops, and crop devel-opment is threatened by warming and extreme weather events. Likewise, another key economic sec-tor—tourism and recreation—is threat-ened by reduced streamflow and a shorter snow season. Ski Santa Fe used to always open Thanksgiving weekend. That hardly ever happens anymore. Re-duced snow and higher temperatures have been an economic disaster for the slopes all over New Mexico. The Southwest’s 182 federally recog-nized Tribes are particularly vulner-able to climate changes such as high temperatures, drought, and severe storms. Tribes may lose traditional foods, medicines, and water supplies. Similarly, our border communities are in greater jeopardy because they don’t have the financial resources to protect against climate change im-pacts. They are vulnerable to health and safety risks like air pollution, ero-sion, and flooding. The President and his administration have taken aim at Federal programs that would address all these impacts to my State and the Southwest. The President unilaterally withdrew from the Paris Agreement. EPA put the Clean Power Plan on hold. Secretary Zinke has done all he can to halt BLM’s methane waste prevention rule. Public lands are open for coal and oil and gas drilling. The President’s budg-et slashed climate science funding. The list goes on and on. This is not what the American people want. They be-lieve science, they understand that human activity is causing climate change, and they want robust policies in response. Climate change presents the greatest threat our Nation and world now con-front. It is the moral test of our age. We will be judged by future generations by how we respond now. We owe it to our children, our grandchildren, and beyond to meet this challenge head-on. I call upon my colleagues across the aisle to listen to the science and the American people and to work with us to take action. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I believe Senator W
HITEHOUSE ’s col-league, the senior Senator from Rhode Island, is here to speak next. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, let me thank Senator U
DALL for his kind re-marks and his great leadership. I rise today to add my voice to his voice and to that of so many of my col-leagues in calling attention to the growing threat of climate change, and to encourage the Senate to take mean-ingful action. First, let me join all of my colleagues in recognizing and thanking my colleague, Senator SHEL-
DON WHITEHOUSE from Rhode Island. His tireless work to raise awareness about the devastating impacts of cli-mate change has truly made a remark-able difference in our country and around the world. Senator W
HITEHOUSE comes to the Senate floor every week to tell us why it is ‘‘time to wake up,’’ and I am pleased to be able to join him as he gives his 200th such speech. These 200 speeches provide at least 200 reasons why we should be acting quickly and decisively to address climate change. Just one of those reasons, which I would like to highlight, is the impact of climate change on our national secu-rity. Climate change acts as a threat multiplier, exacerbating other prob-lems in unstable areas around the world. It is already creating conflict related to a lack of resources, whether it is access to food, water, or energy. I was just traveling through Djibouti and Somalia—adjacent to Yemen—and one of the great crises in Yemen is not just the conflict on the ground, but it is a water crisis that is causing mas-sive drought. Then I moved on up to Jordan, and there spoke with our rep-resentatives. There is a water crisis in Jordan also and another threatened drought. These national security problems are climate problems, and these climate problems are national security prob-lems. When it comes to our national se-curity, decisions are made through a careful evaluation of risks, and we must be sure to include risks caused by climate change. It is particularly trou-bling to me to see that the current Ad-ministration is instead choosing to ig-nore the reality of scientific consensus by removing all references to climate change from documents like the ‘‘Na-tional Security Strategy’’ and the ‘‘Na-tional Defense Strategy.’’ The Department of Defense must be able to execute its missions effectively and efficiently. So it is disconcerting that climate-related events have al-ready cost the Pentagon significant re-sources—measured in both monetary costs as well as in negative impacts on military readiness. In fact, Secretary Mattis, who under-stands these issues very well, and de-spite the official publication of the De-partment of Defense speaks very can-didly and directly, has declared the fol-lowing before the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee: 
Where climate change contributes to re-gional instability, the Department of De-fense must be aware of any potential adverse impacts. . . . climate change is impacting stability in areas of the world where our troops are operating today. . . . and the De-partment should be prepared to mitigate any consequences of a changing climate, includ-ing ensuring that our shipyards and installa-tions will continue to function as required. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.045 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1679 March 13, 2018 
Across the globe, we see our forces in conflict. They are in the Horn of Afri-ca. They are there facing not just rad-ical fighters, but drought and environ-mental issues. Here at home, we have shipyards and naval bases on the coast that are seeing rising waters that are going to cost us hundreds of millions of dollars to remediate so they can con-tinue to function. If we don’t respond, if we put our heads in the sand on the issues of climate change, our national security will be in endangered. I was very pleased as the Ranking Member of the Armed Services Com-mittee to support my colleagues when they included in the fiscal year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act a direction that the Department of De-fense conduct a threat assessment and deliver a master plan for climate change adaptation. That was a bipar-tisan bill led by Chairman M
CCAINand supported by vast numbers on both sides of the aisle who understand that climate change must be addressed. It also codified several findings related to climate change and expressed the sense of Congress that climate change is a threat to our national security. We are on record as a Congress saying that na-tional security is jeopardized by cli-mate change. That has to be embraced by the whole of government, not just the Senate or the House acting to-gether. I must commend our colleague— Sheldon’s and my colleague—Congress-man J
IMLANGEVIN of Rhode Island be-cause he pushed for the same measure in the House of Representatives, and he was successful. Just like other threats to our na-tional security, it is critical that we recognize, plan for, and take steps to address climate change. Combating cli-mate change may not seem as urgent as other threats we are facing today, but I would argue otherwise. If we don’t begin to take aggressive action to protect ourselves from the effects of climate change, we will face ever in-creasing and severe consequences. Be-cause of his clarion call to pay atten-tion to climate change, Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE is advancing our national secu-rity interests in an important way, and I stand here to commend him and thank him. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I rise to join and thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE  for his ongoing commitment to give a voice to the issue of climate change and the threat it poses to our country and, frankly, our world. Senator W
HITEHOUSE has provided real, moral leadership on this issue, and I wish to express my gratitude for his unrelent-ing focus. Let there be no doubt that climate change is real. The question is not whether it is happening but how we will address it. Are we going to do all that we can to leave the next genera-tion a safer and healthier world? As my friend from Rhode Island has impressed upon us with due urgency week in and week out, climate change will be tremendously costly to our economy and to our very way of life. The longer we wait to act, the more costly these impacts will be. The State of Wisconsin has been a proud home to environmental leaders who have worked to pass on a stronger environment to future generations. I think of Aldo Leopold. I think of John Muir. I think of Senator Gaylord Nel-son, the founder of Earth Day. As a Senator for our great State, it is one of my top priorities to follow in this legacy and to preserve our natural resources and quality of life for future generations. It is not hard to see why Wisconsinites deeply value environ-mental protection. From looking out at the crystal clear waters of Lake Su-perior from its South Shore to stand-ing atop Rib Mountain and gazing at the forests and farmlands of Central Wisconsin, to casting your fishing rod in the world-class trout streams of the Driftless region in the southwest of our State, there is no question that we are blessed. We are blessed with natural beauty in the State of Wisconsin. The impact of climate change can al-ready be seen on these very landscapes and the economies they support. We see it in agriculture. Growing seasons are shifting, and extreme weather events are harming our crops. We have increasing concerns about drought and groundwater. In fact, NASA recently warned that droughts will not only be-come more severe, but our ecosystems will be increasingly slower to recover from those droughts. Decreased soil moisture will put stress on farmers and their livestock, on private wells, and on our municipal drinking water sys-tems. These prolonged droughts, combined with the increased intensity of storms and changing temperature patterns, will force farmers to change how and what they grow. It is extremely trou-bling as agriculture is an $88 billion in-dustry in the State of Wisconsin. We also see the negative effects of climate change on our Great Lakes. In Lake Michigan, for example, we see changes in precipitation and evapo-ration patterns due to climate change that may cause more dramatic fluctua-tions in lake levels than we have al-ready seen. Data from the Environ-mental Protection Agency shows that average surface water temperatures have increased in all five Great Lakes since 1995. Warmer surface water tem-peratures disrupt the food chain and fa-cilitate the spread of invasive species, threatening our native fish with dis-ease. Changing water levels create challenges for property owners and communities along the Great Lakes. Each of these changes will strain our local economies. Tourism is also a major part of Wis-consin’s economy. The Northwoods is a beloved place to fish, camp, hunt, and snowmobile. But last year, for only the second time in its 45-year history, Wis-consin’s famous Birkebeiner cross- country ski race was canceled because of warm temperatures and a lack of snow. The impacts on tourism, recreation, and the landscapes that we hold near to our hearts are already here. They will only become more drastic. The threats may be daunting, but we can-not allow the challenges to overwhelm us into inaction. Wisconsin’s motto is just one word— ‘‘forward.’’ The people of Wisconsin have never been afraid of the chal-lenges we face. We have a strong pro-gressive tradition of confronting our challenges and working together to shape our future for the next genera-tion. Many of Wisconsin’s most suc-cessful companies are leaders in energy efficiency, renewable energy, and clean technology. In 2014, one of Wisconsin’s major healthcare systems became the first in the Nation to use entirely renewable energy. Wisconsin companies are strong innovators and provide opportu-nities for workers of today and tomor-row as they lead the way. I believe in smart investments by governments at all levels, by compa-nies and institutions, and by citizens. This will help us confront the chal-lenge of climate change while posi-tioning Wisconsin for economic and ec-ological resiliency. This opportunity is great, and we must meet the challenge head-on—going forward, the Wisconsin way. I would like, once again, to thank Senator WHITEHOUSE for his laser focus on this issue that is so critical to our home States, as well as the Nation and the world, that we will pass on to the next generation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, let me thank the Senator from Wis-consin. Like Wisconsin, Rhode Island has a one-word motto as well. Hers is ‘‘For-ward.’’ Ours is ‘‘Hope.’’ Together, they point in the right direction. Americans are dissatisfied. Opinion surveys tell us that only 35 percent of Americans believe our country is head-ed in the right direction. Why this alarming dissatisfaction? We don’t have to guess. Popular opinion tells us quite plainly. In a survey taken after the 2016 election, 85 percent of voters agreed that the wealthy and big cor-porations were the ones really running the country. That includes 80 percent of voters who supported Trump. It is not just opinion. Academic studies have looked at Congress and confirmed that the views of the general public have statistically near zero influence here—that we listen to big, corporate special interests and their various front groups. Even our Supreme Court is not im-mune. In a 2014 poll, more respondents believed, by 9 to 1, that our Supreme 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.046 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1680 March 13, 2018 
Court favors corporations over individ-uals rather than vice versa. Even among self-identified conservative Re-publicans, it was still a 4-to-1 margin. So hold that thought: The wealthy and powerful corporations control Con-gress, and people know it. As I give my 200th ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech, the most obvious fact standing plainly before me is not the measured sea level rise at Naval Sta-tion Newport; it is not the 400 parts per million carbon dioxide barrier we have broken through in the atmosphere; it is not the new flooding maps that coastal communities like Rhode Island’s must face; it is not the West aflame; it is not even the uniform consensus about cli-mate change across universities, Na-tional Laboratories, scientific soci-eties, and even across our military and intelligence services, which warn us, as Senator R
EED indicated, that climate change is fueling economic and social disruption around the world. No. The fact that stands out for me, here at No. 200, is the persistent failure of Congress to even take up the issue of climate change. One party will not even talk about it. One party in the ex-ecutive branch is even gagging Amer-ica’s scientists and civil servants and striking the term ‘‘climate change’’ off of government websites. In the real world, in actual reality, we are long past any question as to the reality of climate change. The fact of that forces us to confront the questions: What sty-mies Congress from legislating or from even having hearings about climate change? What impels certain executive agencies to forbid even the words? Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield for a question? Mr. WHITEHOUSE. No. I intend to give my remarks, but I appreciate the Senator’s intervention. Before the Citizens United decision was delivered up by the five Republican appointees on the Supreme Court—a decision, by the way, that deserves a place on the trash heap of judicial his-tory—we were actually doing quite a lot about climate change in the Senate. There were bipartisan hearings. There were bipartisan bills. There were bipar-tisan negotiations. Senator M
CCAIN campaigned for President under the Republican banner on a strong climate platform. What happened? Here is what I saw happen: The fossil fuel industry went over and importuned the Supreme Court for the Citizens United decision; the five Republican-appointed judges on the Court delivered the Citizens United decision; and the fossil fuel in-dustry was ready and set at the mark when that decision came down. Since the moment of that decision, not one Republican in this body has joined one serious piece of legislation to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. Our Senate heartbeat of bipartisan ac-tivity was killed dead by the political weaponry unleashed for big special in-terests by those five judges. The fossil fuel industry then made a clever play. It determined to control one party on this question. It deter-mined to silence or punish or remove any dissent in one political party. This created for the fossil fuel industry two advantages. First, it got to use that party as its tool to stop climate legislation, and it has. Remember the movie ‘‘Men in Black’’? I would make the analogy that today’s Republican Party bears the same relation to the fossil fuel indus-try as to climate change that the un-fortunate farmer in ‘‘Men in Black’’ bore to the alien who killed him and occupied his skin for the rest of the movie—complete occupation with nothing left but the skin. The second advantage for the fossil fuel industry is that it could camou-flage its own special interest special pleading as partisanship and not just the muscle and greed of one very big industry that wanted to have its way. That is why we are where we are. That is why one’s talking to Repub-licans about climate change resembles one’s talking to prisoners about escape. They may want out, but they can’t have their fossil fuel wardens find out. Climate change is a prime example of how our institutions are failing in plain view of the American people. It is a small wonder the public holds Con-gress in low esteem and thinks we don’t listen to them. Frankly, it is amazing that there is any shred of es-teem remaining given our behavior. Congress remains a democratic body on the surface with all the procedural veneer and trappings of democracy as we hold votes and as there are caucuses and hearings. Yet, on issues like cli-mate change, which most concern the biggest special interests, Congress no longer provides America a truly func-tioning democracy. Underneath the illusory democratic surface runs subterranean rivers of dark money. Massive infrastructures have been erected to hide that dark money flow from the sunlight of public scrutiny to carve out subterranean caverns through which the dark money flows. If you want to understand why we do nothing on climate, you have to look down into those subterranean cham-bers, understand the dark money, and not be fooled by the surface spectacle. Of course, it is not just the spending of dark money that is the problem. When you let unlimited money loose in poli-tics, particularly once you let unlim-ited dark money loose in politics, you empower something even more sinister than massive anonymous political ex-penditures; you empower the threat of massive anonymous political expendi-tures—the sinister whispered threat. Once you let a special interest spend unlimited dark money, you necessarily let it threaten or promise to spend that money. Those sinister threats and promises will be harder to detect even than the most obscured dark money expendi-tures. You may not know who is behind a big dark money expenditure, but at least you will see it. You will see the smear ads. You may not know what is up, but you will know something is up. But a threat? A couple of people, a back room, and a silent handshake are enough. If you give a thug a big enough club, he doesn’t even have to use it to get his way. This is the great, insidious evil of Citizens United, and this, I be-lieve, is why we are where we are. In the Gilded Age, the Senate was de-scribed as having Senators who didn’t actually represent States but ‘‘prin-cipalities and powers in business.’’ One Senator represents the Union Pacific Railway system, another the New York Central, still another the insurance in-terests of New York and New Jersey. We cannot pretend it is impossible for the United States to be disabled and corrupted by special interests. Our his-tory refutes that thought. So, as Amer-icans, we need to keep our guard up against corrupting forces, and this un-limited dark flow of money into our politics is a corrupting force. Congress’s embarrassing and culpable failure to act on climate change is one face of a coin. Turn it over, and the ob-verse of that coin is corruption exactly as the Founding Fathers knew it—the public good ignored for special inter-ests’ wielding power. In this case, it is the power of money—climate failure, dark money; dark money, climate fail-ure. They are two sides of the same evil coin. If that thought is not cheerful enough, wait. There is more. There is the phony science operation that gives rhetorical cover to the dark money political muscle operation. This phony science operation is a big effort, with dozens of well-funded front groups that participate that are supported by bogus think tanks, well described as the ‘‘think tank as the disguised polit-ical weapon.’’ Today’s phony science operation has a history. It grew out of the early phony science operation run by the to-bacco industry, which was set up to create doubt among the public that cigarettes were bad for you. How did that work out? I will tell you how. That effort was so false and so evil that it was determined in court to be fraud—a massive corporate-led fraud. After the tobacco fraud apparatus was exposed, it didn’t disappear. It morphed into an even more complex apparatus to create false doubt about climate science. The goal, exactly like the tobacco companies’ fraud, is to cre-ate something that looks enough like science to confuse the public but which has the perverse purpose of defeating and neutralizing real science. It is a science denial apparatus. By the way, this fossil fuel-funded science denial apparatus has some big advantages over real science. First, the science denial apparatus has unlimited money behind it. The IMF has put the subsidy of the fossil fuel industry at $700 billion per year in the United States alone. To defend a $700 billion annual subsidy, you can spend enormous amounts of money, so money is no object. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.048 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1681 March 13, 2018 
Second, the science denial apparatus doesn’t waste time with peer review— the touchstone of real science. Slap a lab coat on a hack, and send him to the talk shows. That is enough. The science denial apparatus is public rela-tions dressed up as science so it be-haves like public relations and goes straight to its market—an inexpert public—to work its mischief. Third, it has the advantage of Madi-son Avenue tacticians to shape its phony message into appealing sound bites for the public. Have you read a scientific journal lately? The Madison Avenue message gets through a lot more sharply. Fourth, the science denial apparatus doesn’t need to stop lying when it is caught. As long as it is getting its propaganda out, the truth doesn’t mat-ter. This is not a contest for truth; it is a contest for public opinion. So de-bunked, zombie arguments constantly rise from the Earth and walk again. Finally, it doesn’t have to win the ar-gument. It just has to create the illu-sion, the false illusion, that there is a legitimate argument. Then the polit-ical muscle those five Justices gave this industry can go to work. I suggest, 200 speeches in, that it is time we stopped listening to the indus-try that comes to us bearing one of the most flagrant conflicts of interest in history. It is time we stopped listening to their fraudulent science denial oper-ation. It is time we put the light of day on this creepy dark money operation and stopped listening to its threats and promises. If we are going to stop listening to all of that, whom should we listen to? How about Pope Francis, who called climate change ‘‘one of the principal challenges facing humanity in our day.’’ How about the scientists—we pay hundreds of them across our govern-ment—whose salaries our appropriators are funding right now and who, under President Trump, released this report? This report reads that there is ‘‘no con-vincing alternative explanation’’ for what it calls ‘‘global, long-term, and unambiguous warming’’ and ‘‘record- breaking, climate-related weather ex-tremes.’’ It is our human activity. How about listening to our intel-ligence services, whose ‘‘Worldwide Threat Assessment,’’ issued under President Trump and signed by our former colleague, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, Dan Coats, actually has a chapter titled ‘‘Environment and Climate Change.’’ Here are the identi-fied consequences in that report: ‘‘hu-manitarian disasters, conflict, water and food shortages, population migra-tion, labor shortfalls, price shocks, and power outages,’’ and most dangerously, the prospect of—and I quote the ‘‘Worldwide Threat Assessment’’ here— ‘‘tipping points in climate-linked earth systems’’ that can create ‘‘abrupt cli-mate change.’’ Or how about listening to Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Jr., and Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump, and the Trump or-ganization in 2009, when they took out this full-page ad in the New York Times saying that the science of cli-mate change was ‘‘irrefutable,’’ and its consequences would be ‘‘catastrophic and irreversible.’’ Donald J. Trump, chairman and president—where did that guy go? How about listening to our own home State universities. Every one of us can go home to Old Miss or Ohio State, to the University of Alaska or LSU, to Utah State or West Virginia University or Texas A&M. We can each go home to our home State’s State university. They don’t just accept climate change; they teach it. They teach it. If you can listen quietly, you can lis-ten to the oceans. They speak to us, the oceans do. They speak to us through thermometers, and they say: We are warming. They speak to us through tide gauges, and they say: We are rising along your shores. They speak to us through the howl of hurri-canes powered up by their warmer sea surfaces. They speak to us through the quiet flight of fish species from their traditional grounds as the seawater warms beyond their tolerance. If we know how to listen, through simple pH tests, the oceans will tell us that they are acidifying. The oceans will tell us that they are beginning to kill their own corals and oysters and pteropods. We can go out and check and see the corals and the oysters and the pteropods corrode and die before our eyes. It is happening. The fishermen who plow the oceans’ surface can speak for the oceans. As one Rhode Islander said to me: ‘‘Shel-don, it’s getting weird out there.’’ ‘‘This is not my grandfather’s ocean,’’ said another. He had grown up trawling with his granddad on those oceans. It is not just oceans. I went on Lake Erie with seasoned, professional fisher-men who told me that everything they had learned in a lifetime on the lake was useless because the lake was changing on them so unknowably fast. We choose here in Congress to whom we are going to listen, and it is time we started to listen to the honest voices and the true voices. If you don’t like environmentalists or scientists, listen to your ski industry. Listen to your fishermen and lumbermen. Listen to your gardeners and birders and hunt-ers. Listen to those who know the Earth and the oceans and who can speak for the Earth and the oceans. It is an evil mess we are in, and if there is any justice in this world, there will one day be a terrible price to pay if we keep listening to evil voices. The climate change problems we are causing by failing to act are a sin, as Pope Francis has flatly declared, but that is not the only sin. To jam Con-gress up, fossil fuel interests are inter-fering with and corrupting American democracy, and to corrupt American democracy is a second and a grave sin. The science denial apparatus—to mount a fraudulent challenge to the very enterprise of science, that is a third grave sin. Perhaps worst of all is that the world is watching. It is watching us as the fossil fuel industry, its creepy billion-aires, its front groups, its bogus think tanks all gang up and debauch our de-mocracy. From John Winthrop to Ronald Reagan, we have held America up as a city on a hill, with the eyes of the world upon us. From D
ANIEL WEBSTER  to Bill Clinton, we have spoken of the power of our American example as greater in the world than any example of our power. Lady Liberty in New York Harbor holds her lamp up to the world, representing our American bea-con of truth, justice, and democracy. I have a distinct memory, traveling with our friend J
OHNMCCAINto Manila and waking up early in the morning to go visit our American military ceme-tery, the Sun coming up over the rows of white gravestones standing over our dead, the massive, gleaming marble ar-cade of names, carved on walls stretch-ing high over my head, of the Ameri-cans whose bodies were never recov-ered—over 17,000 in all, remembered in that cemetery. After their sacrifice, after the accom-plishments of the ‘‘greatest genera-tion,’’ can we not do better than to sell our democracy to the fossil fuel indus-try? What do you suppose a monument to that would look like? I wonder. America deserves better, and the world is watching us; we, this city on a hill. With gratitude to the many col-leagues who have joined me today, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, when we discuss climate change, we often speak about the future—a future in which ris-ing temperatures and seas displace mil-lions from their homes around the globe, devastate agriculture, and dam-age critical infrastructure. This future is not far off. Climate change will impact every State in our country and every country in the world. In island and coastal com-munities like Hawaii, the impact will be particularly severe. Climate scientists across the world agree that without decisive action, seas will likely rise by at least 3.2 feet by the end of the century. To put this in context, a child born today will like-ly experience these effects in their life-time. I will focus my remarks today on the foreseeable impact on Hawaii. The State of Hawaii investigated and issued a chilling report about what a 3.2-foot sea level rise would mean for our State. The report concluded that 3.2 feet of sea level rise would inundate more than 25,000 acres of land across Hawaii. Over 6,500 hotels, malls, small businesses, apartments, and homes would be compromised or destroyed, and 20,000 residents would be displaced in the process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.049 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1682 March 13, 2018 
The economic cost of this damage— $19 billion. If anything, this is a con-servative estimate of the total eco-nomic cost of climate change in Ha-waii. The State report, for example, doesn’t estimate the total cost of dam-age to Hawaii’s critical infrastructure. Climate change and sea level rise would damage sewer lines in urban Honolulu and other low-lying areas across the State. These phenomena would also lead to chronic flooding across 38 miles of major roads, such as the Kuhio Highway on Kauai, Kameha-meha Highway on Oahu, and Honoapiilani Highway on Maui. The State’s report certainly outlines the serious challenges that climate change will pose for the future, but we are already living with its effects. Each summer and winter, the specific placement of the sun and moon com-bined with the rotation of the Earth produce extraordinarily high tides. We call them king tides. Most years, sci-entists can predict when these tides will happen and how bad they will be. Last year’s king tides, however, were the worst on record. Scientists believe that these historic king tides provide a glimpse of the increasing severity and frequency of the coastal flooding driv-en by climate change. Hawaii also ex-perienced an exceptionally rare king tide on New Year’s Day, and a larger than normal north swell caused major coastal erosion on Oahu’s north shore. Coastal erosion is a critical issue for Hawaii, where our beaches draw mil-lions of visitors from around the world every year. According to research from the University of Hawaii Sea Grant College Program, 70 percent of the beaches in Hawaii are eroding, and 13 miles of public beach have eroded com-pletely. In other words, they are gone. During last year’s king tides, Sea Grant mobilized citizen scientists to document their impact on the State. From Sea Grant’s research we learned that record-high water levels caused lo-calized flooding and erosion across every island in the State. Waikiki Beach was particularly impacted last year when the king tides overwashed the shoreline during peak tourist sea-son. Climate change will make events like this more frequent and severe, ad-versely impacting our environment and our economy. Waikiki Beach on Oahu alone gen-erates $2.2 billion for Hawaii’s economy every year, and it could be completely submerged by the end of the century. There is a clear urgency to act, and we need our President and the Federal Government to acknowledge the threat and to lead. We need more funding for programs like Sea Grant that help State and local governments develop plans and policies to help our beaches, our coasts, and our economy adapt to climate change. But at a time when we should be increasing funding for Sea Grant colleges, the Trump administration is zeroing out this funding. We were able to protect funding for Sea Grant last year, and I will continue to fight dur-ing this year’s budget and appropria-tions cycle to make sure it receives the money it needs to do its important work. We also need our Federal agencies to invest in research that will help us bet-ter understand climate change’s long- term impact on our States and commu-nities. But Donald Trump has ap-pointed—and his Republican allies in the Senate have confirmed—regressive, dangerous, and extreme nominees who are undermining critical climate change research. Last May, the Department of Interior under the leadership of Ryan Zinke, put out a news release about a report on climate change-related sea level rise, coauthored by two Hawaii sci-entists without ever mentioning in their release the words ‘‘climate change.’’ Earlier today, I asked Secretary Zinke at a hearing to comment on this incident and to clarify whether it is the Department’s policy to censor an-nouncements about climate change re-search produced by his Department. Secretary Zinke acknowledged that the content of the press release is his pre-rogative but that he would not censor the contents of documents and reports themselves. However, by not ref-erencing the term ‘‘climate change’’ in a press release on a report about how climate change drives sea level rise, he is toeing the President’s line that cli-mate change is a hoax. The problem is that press releases from agencies like the Interior Department serve as indi-cators of the Federal Government’s pri-orities. By eliminating references to climate change in these releases, the Department is sending a clear signal that climate change is not a priority. In the absence of Federal action, States like Hawaii are stepping up and taking the lead. Hawaii was the first State in the country to enact legisla-tion to implement the Paris climate agreement after President Trump an-nounced that he would withdraw the United States from this agreement without much reason. Standing up to the challenge of cli-mate change also means developing our renewable resources of energy and moving away from dependence on fossil fuels. Hawaii has set the forward- thinking goal of generating 100-percent renewable electricity by 2045. Through decisive action, Hawaii is already gen-erating 27-percent renewable elec-tricity while cutting oil imports by 41 percent since 2006. As the most oil-de-pendent State in the country, this is significant progress. Over 97 percent of climate scientists agree that the climate is changing due to human activity, and the vast major-ity of the American public also ac-knowledges this. Our Nation’s military recognizes the threat that climate change poses to our national security and the urgent need to confront it. Mr. President, I agree with my col-league from Rhode Island that it is time to wake up. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today to join my friend and col-league Senator W
HITEHOUSE on the day of his 200th weekly climate change floor speech. We came in the same class. So I have been a witness to this. For years he has come to the floor every week that the Senate is in ses-sion, often to an empty Chamber, to speak on this critical issue. He has been a leader and an unwavering voice on climate change, calling for action week after week and, I think, that is why so many of us are here tonight. Two hundred speeches is truly a mile-stone, and you can just look at the wear and tear of his ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ floor sign to know that this actu-ally happened. Not only does Senator W
HITEHOUSE  come to the floor to talk about this issue and to share new data and infor-mation with all of us on the need to act now, but I have also seen him take on climate change deniers as a member when I was on both the Environment and Public Works Committee and also on the Judiciary Committee. I have ex-perienced his dedication to moving the needle on this issue as a member of the Senate Climate Action Task Force that he has led for several years. I have been part of the meetings where he has pulled together Senators and advocacy group leaders to strategize on how to move forward on legislation and meetings where he has brought together Senators and private sector leaders, such as Greg Page, the former CEO of Cargill, to talk about how we change the private dialogue about sustainability in supply chains. He is truly committed to finding solu-tions, and I am pleased to join him to-night for his 200th speech. People talk about climate in many places in my State—from hunters and snowmobilers in Northern Minnesota to business leaders in the Twin Cities, to students at the University of Min-nesota. When President Trump announced that the United States would withdraw from the climate change agreement this summer—the worldwide, inter-national climate change agreement—I heard an outpouring of concern. Now, 195 countries made a pledge to come to-gether to combat climate change. In withdrawing, the United States was one of only three countries that wouldn’t be in the agreement. The other two were Syria and Nicaragua. Then, Syria and Nicaragua signed the accord. So now the United States is the only country not to sign the accord. It is a big step backward. It is the wrong decision for our economy, and it is the wrong decision for the environment. As military and security experts have reminded us, climate change is a threat to our national security, in-creasing the risks of conflict, humani-tarian crisis—as we have already seen because of droughts, with subsistence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.051 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1683 March 13, 2018 
farmers in Africa coming up as refu-gees—and damage to crucial and crit-ical infrastructure. I am a former prosecutor, and I be-lieve in evidence. Every week seems to bring fresh evidence of the damage cli-mate change is already causing. Min-nesota may be miles away from rising oceans, but the impacts are not less of a real threat in the Midwest—more se-vere weather, heat waves that could re-lease our water supply, extreme rain-fall that could damage critical infra-structure, and a decrease in agricul-tural productivity. It goes on and on. It has an impact on the Great Lakes and people respond. We are going to keep talking about the importance of making a global commitment and an American commit-ment to address climate change. We should not be the last one in. We should be the first one. This is a great nation with a history of Democrats and Republicans coming together to con-serve our land and care about our envi-ronment. We are going to keep pushing climate change deniers on their facts, and we are going to keep working on policies that encourage energy effi-ciency, renewable energy, and a de-crease in greenhouse gasses. Many of the businesses in Minnesota, such as Cargill, which I already men-tioned in the lead, have taken on this cause. They know that when they have business all over the world, it matters. They know that it matters to their shareholders, it matters to their em-ployees, and it matters to their cus-tomers. They also know that we deal with the rest of the world, and when businesses go to meetings in other countries, they don’t want to hear: Well, I guess your country is not in the climate change agreement and China is; so maybe we will buy our stuff from China. That is what people are hearing at business meetings. We need to be a part of the Paris cli-mate change agreement, and we need to lead the way in the United States. In the last administration, we had some commonsense policies put forth to reduce greenhouse gasses, but this administration has pulled back on them. I disagree. I think we could have made that work. Even though we are not seeing the action we would like out of this admin-istration, we are seeing it in cities, in States, in businesses, and universities. They have said: If this administration doesn’t do it, we will. So I wish to thank Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE for his leadership and let all of those listening to this series of speech-es and tributes to doing something about climate change in his 200th speech tonight know that there are those in this Chamber who stand with you and believe in science and believe that we need to do something about climate change. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Minnesota for laying out the case so clearly on the challenge, as I like to call it, of taking on climate chaos. My wife Mary comes from Minnesota. I know they value the Land of 10,000 Lakes. Every time I have said that be-fore, I always say the ‘‘Land of a Thou-sand Lakes,’’ and Senator KLOBUCHAR  corrects me. I just can’t quite envision 10,000 lakes. Minnesota is a land with incredible wildlife, a land that certainly has seen the impacts of climate chaos, as has my home State. So thank you so much for your remarks and for being here to help celebrate our colleague and our friend, the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , who spoke tonight just a few minutes ago for his 200th time, to say: Wake up. Wake up, Amer-ica. We have a significant challenge, the sort of challenge that you may not no-tice from one day to the next. We may wake up tomorrow and not realize that the damage being done to our planet is greater than the day before or we may not be able to wake up a week from now and realize that the damage is more. Nonetheless, it is, if looked at over any significant span of time, a huge, huge force wreaking havoc on our planet, and it will just get worse with time if we do not take on this pol-lution of the atmosphere by carbon di-oxide. Back in 1959, an eminent scientist was asked to speak at the 100th anni-versary of the petroleum industry. That scientist was Edward Teller. Ed-ward Teller gave his speech at this 100th anniversary in 1959, but he said to the gathering of the fossil fuel indus-try: You do realize that you will even-tually have to look for a different form of energy to invest in, first, because the amount of fossil fuels in the Earth’s crust is limited and it will run out. He said: Second of all, there are some interesting facts that many of you might not be aware of—that when you burn fossil fuels, it creates carbon dioxide, and carbon dioxide might not at first seem like a pollutant because it is invisible and it is odorless, but it has this quality where visible light passes through it, but heat energy is trapped. As a result of trapping heat energy and changing the makeup of our atmos-phere, we will start to do major dam-age to the planet. He talked about how it would affect the melting of ice on the poles, the rising of sea levels, and that humankind lived by the oceans and, therefore, this carbon dioxide would do enormous damage and it would be important to transition off of burning carbon fuels, off of burning fos-sil fuels. That was in 1959, which is a long time ago that we have had the in-formation about the damage wreaking havoc by this pollutant, carbon diox-ide. Henry David Thoreau, the philoso-pher, challenged us and said: What is the use of a house if you don’t have a tolerable planet to put it on? Yet everywhere we see our planet crying out for us to pay attention— never as much, however, as in this last year. Here in America, there were fierce forest fires from Montana, across Idaho, into Washington, down to Or-egon, and into California clear into De-cember. Smoke covered much of my State for month after month this last summer, having an impact on people’s health and certainly having an impact on our economy. We could look at the storms of last year—the hurricanes of Harvey, Irma, and Maria assaulting Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. Those storms were unusually dam-aging, and part of the reason for that is because the energy of those storms is taken from the temperature of the ocean, and the ocean has been col-lecting 90 percent of the increased heat on the planet from carbon dioxide pol-lution and, therefore, producing more powerful hurricanes. So we saw it in the fires, and we saw it in the hurricanes, but you really can start to see it almost everywhere. You can see that the pine beetles are doing much better because the winters aren’t cold enough to kill them, and the trees are doing much worse. You can see that the ticks in New England and Maine and on through Minnesota are doing much better because the winters are not cold enough to kill them. Therefore, they are killing the moose. You can see the impact of the rising ocean temperature on coral reefs around the world, which are a small part of the ocean but have a significant role in the fisheries on our planet. In my home State in Oregon, the warmer temperatures and the acidity in the ocean caused a billion baby oys-ters to die in 2008. Well, that is quite an impact on our seafood industry. I can tell you that scientists were mys-tified because they couldn’t imagine, at first, that it had to do with the water quality. They thought it must be a virus or it must be some form of bac-teria, but it just turned out that the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere not only results in the warming of the ocean, but it is absorbed in the ocean and becomes carbonic acid. That great-er acidity of the ocean damages the ability of baby oysters to form shells. So now we have to artificially buffer the ocean water. We see it in spreading diseases, like malaria, as they follow the mosquitoes, and Zika, as it follows the mosquitoes into greater territory, or leishmani-asis, which is a real diabolical disease that now has come to the United States with sand flies. My point is that everywhere you look, if you open your eyes, climate chaos is having a big impact and hurt-ing us. The answer is simple. We have to stop burning fossil fuels. This is where the 100-percent notion comes from, from my bill of last year—100 percent by 50, 100 by 50, or, if you prefer, mis-sion 100. It just means we have to tran-sition from the energy that we gain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.052 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1684 March 13, 2018 
from fossil fuels to substituting energy from clean and renewable sources—100 percent. Stop burning fossil fuels. A few years ago, folks said: Well, that will cause great damage to our economy because renewable energy is so much more expensive than cheap fossil fuels. But we have been blessed. We have been blessed in taking on this challenge because it is no longer true that renewable energy is more expen-sive than fossil fuel energy. We have had an incredible drop in the price of solar energy over a short pe-riod—from 35 cents per kilowatt hour down to 5 cents per kilowatt hour. Then Xcel Energy in Colorado put out a proposal this year. The proposal came back at 2 cents per kilowatt hour. In other words, it is cheaper to have new and clean renewable energy than to burn coal in an already depre-ciated fossil fuel coal electric plant. Wind has gone from 13 cents or so per kilowatt hour to 5 cents per kilowatt hour. Xcel Energy in Colorado brought in a bid at 3 cents per kilowatt hour. As we have seen these prices drop dramatically on solar and wind, we have seen the installations of solar and wind surge. On the solar side, in 2017 we installed about 12 gigawatts of capac-ity—12 gigawatts, or 12,000 megawatts. That is a lot of energy. To put it dif-ferently, one-fourth of the total in-stalled capacity of the United States of America went in just in 2017. That is a dramatic upsurge in installation. Think of a world where we can have every flat business roof and every man-ufacturing plant with solar rays on its surface or canopies over its parking lot because this energy is so cheap to col-lect, and we can collect it in places where the grid already exists. For wind, in 2016, 8 gigawatts of new capac-ity went in. Again, there is a tremen-dous upsurge in the amount of wind in-stalled. Now we are seeing roughly half of our utilities scale new capacity with re-newable energy rather than with fossil fuel energy. The transition is under-way, but we need to accelerate it. We need to move it much more quickly, and then we need to move our con-sumption of energy over to the electric grid. What does that mean? For exam-ple, it means heating your house with a heat pump, which uses electricity, rather than a gas furnace. It means changing the way you heat water from a gas hot water heater to an electric hot water heater. It means getting a plug-in vehicle, an electric vehicle. Let’s stop and talk a little bit about electric vehicles. While we have been seeing the production of carbon dioxide from making electricity come down in America, we are seeing the carbon di-oxide from driving vehicles go up, so it is a major area we have to take on. Five years ago, I bought a Volt, which is a plug-in hybrid. It has a range of about 35 miles of electricity, and it also has a gas backup. That car really worked exceedingly well. We drove 3 out of 4 miles on electricity, even though we used gasoline to drive all the way to South Dakota and back. What we found was that the cost per mile on electricity was only about 3 cents a mile, and the cost of running it on gasoline—with oil, maintenance, and so forth—was closer to 10 cents a mile. So it is three times cheaper to drive it on electricity. So there is a big incentive. Unfortunately, my son had an auto accident, and we had to replace that car. Because the range has increased over 5 years, we were able to get a fully electric car, a Nissan LEAF. The range had gone up in 2016 from roughly 80 miles to about 107. That extra 27 miles is enough that my wife could do her work in home hospice, potentially being assigned to a house way on the west side of the Monona County area and then way on the east side and back and forth several times a day and still make it completely on a single-charged battery. With the proliferation of driving sta-tions, now we are starting to see the ability to operate much more closely to the way we behaved, if you will, pre-viously with gasoline vehicles—being able to drive hundreds of miles and then recharge. We have seen that with the Volt that just came out to replace the Bolt, which now goes over 200 miles on just its battery alone and more if you drive cautiously. Buses are another big piece of this. I went down to Eugene, OR, a couple of weekends ago and rode on their first electric bus, the first one in the State of Oregon. That bus looked just like the old diesel buses that we have had serving our metro systems across America, but it cost a lot more. It cost $200,000 more than a diesel bus. You might say ‘‘Well, that is way too much,’’ but here is the interesting thing: It saves about $40,000 to $45,000 a year on fuel. It doesn’t take a math ge-nius to then realize that after 5 years of service, you have paid off that cost, and after that, you are saving money. We are going to see a huge transition simply on the economics. This is the challenge before us, that we have been given the gift of afford-able solar that is cheaper than fossil fuel energy, affordable wind that is cheaper than fossil fuel energy, a greatly declining cost of battery power to help supply meet demand, but at the Federal level, we are paralyzed. Unfortunately, the Koch brothers are really the puppet masters of this body, this Chamber I am in. This wonderful Senate is supposed to be the place where we deliberate to have govern-ment of, by, and for the people, but right now we have deliberations here that are of, by, and for the Koch broth-ers; of, by, and for the wealthy and the well-connected. That is not the vision of America. We have to reclaim the vi-sion of America. The people of America understand that we have this enormous challenge that we must undertake to save our beautiful, blue and green plan-et. Since the Federal Government isn’t operating, we see companies and cities and places of worship jumping in to fill the gap, adopting 100 percent resolu-tions—resolutions to transition to 100 percent cleaner renewable energy, to stop burning the fossil fuels that are damaging our planet. Burlington, VT, is now using a mix-ture of biomass and hydro wind and solar so that 100 percent of electricity comes from renewable generation. Fifty-eight other cities across America have committed to making that 100 percent transition, and they are hand-ing out an action plan—this year we can do this, and this year we can do that. Families can do the same, places of worship can do the same, and compa-nies are doing the same all across our Nation. We see many of our Fortune 500 companies stepping forward to be real leaders in this. They want to at-tract employees who know that they care about our planet. They care about stopping this pollution that Edward Teller, an eminent scientist, pointed out in 1959. When Henry David Thoreau said ‘‘What is the use of a house if you haven’t got a tolerable planet to put it on?’’ he asked a question we should al-ways ask ourselves in terms of the dif-ferent threats to this beautiful orb that we call home. So let’s fight to save this beautiful planet. It is the only one we have. We have no other. It is under serious threat, and we in this Chamber need to tell the Koch brothers to go and sit on their fossil fuel for-tune, invest it as they want somewhere else, but to join us in the most impor-tant work they could possibly be part of in the years that they have remain-ing to live here in America, and that is this fight to take on climate chaos and win. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nomina-tion: Executive Calendar No. 298. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Gilbert B. Kaplan, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be Under Sec-retary of Commerce for International Trade. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.054 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1685 March 13, 2018 
table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Kaplan nomina-tion? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-sume legislative session for a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PUBLIC SCHOOLS WEEK Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following statement be printed in the R
ECORD on behalf of AASA; the School Super-intendents Association; Afterschool Al-liance; Alliance for Excellent Edu-cation; American Association of School Librarians; American Association of School Libraries; American Federation of Teachers; American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Orga-nizations; American Library Associa-tion; American School Counselor Asso-ciation; Americans for Democratic Ac-tion; Americans United for Separation of Church and State; Association of Educational Service Agencies; Associa-tion of Latino Administrators and Su-perintendents; Association of School Business Officials International, ASBO; Center for American Progress; Clear-inghouse on Women’s Issues; Council for Exceptional Children; Council of Administrators of Special Education; CUE; EDGE; Education Networks of America; Every Child Matters; GLSEN; Higher Education Consortium for Spe-cial Education; Learning Disabilities Association of America; Learning For-ward; MENTOR: The National Men-toring Partnership; National Associa-tion of Secondary School Principals; National Association for Bilingual Education; National Association of Black School Educators; National As-sociation of Elementary School Prin-cipals; National Association of School Psychologists; National Association of State Directors of Special Education; National Black Justice Coalition; Na-tional Center for Learning Disabilities; National Council of Jewish Women; Na-tional Council of Teachers of English; National Council of Teachers of Mathe-matics; National Education Associa-tion Retirees Organization, NEARO; National Education Association; Na-tional PTA; National Rural Education Advocacy Consortium; National Rural Education Association; National School Boards Association; National School Public Relations Association; National Science Teachers Association; Network for Public Education; New Teacher Center; People for the Amer-ican Way; Project Tomorrow; School Social Work Association of America; Stop Sexual Assault in Schools; Teach-er Education Division of the Council for Exceptional Children; and Univer-sity Council for Educational Adminis-tration. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
We issue this joint statement in support of public education and our continued commit-ment to the highest quality public education for all students in honor of the students, teachers, and communities who work to-gether to support our public schools during Public Schools Week. Public education is the foundation of our 21st Century democracy. Our public schools are where our students come to be educated in the fullest sense of the word as citizens of this great country. We strive every day to make every public school a place where we prepare the nation’s young people to con-tribute to our society, economy and citi-zenry. Ninety percent of American children at-tend public schools. We must call on local, state, and federal lawmakers to prioritize support for strengthening our nation’s public schools and empower local education leaders to implement, manage and lead school dis-tricts in partnership with educators, parents, and other local education stakeholders and learning communities. This support would also provide for such necessities as coun-seling, extra/co-curricular activities, and mental health supports that are critical to help students engage in learning. We must support and value inclusive and safe high-quality public schools where chil-dren learn to think critically, problem solve and build relationships. We must support an environment where all students can succeed beginning in the earliest years, regardless of their zip code, the color of their skin, native language, disability, gender/gender identity, immigration status, religion, or social stand-ing. As advocates for public education, we be-lieve we must promote advancing equity and excellence in public education, and imple-menting continuous improvement and evi-dence-based practices. Every child has the right to an education that helps them reach their full potential and to attend schools that offer a high quality educational experi-ence. We support stable, equitable, predictable and adequate funding for great public schools for every student in America so that students have inviting classrooms and school libraries with up-to-date resources as well as well-prepared and supported educators. These educators include teachers, para-professionals and principals who provide a well-rounded and complete curriculum and create joy in learning. Our school buildings should have class sizes small enough to allow one-on-one attention and have access to sup-port services such as health care, nutrition, and after-school programs for students who need them. We believe that public tax dollars should only support public schools that are publicly governed and accountable to parents, edu-cators and communities. In no way should local, state or federal funding be taken away from public schools and given to private schools that are unaccountable to the public. We reiterate our love for public education and pride in our public schools. We will con-tinue to promote the promise and purpose of public education, to elevate the great things happening every day in our public schools, and to engage communities about strategies that help students succeed. We affirm our commitment to fight for resources and sup-ports for public schools, and will be steadfast in our efforts to protect students and their families, public schools, and our commu-nities from any policies that would under-mine these values. f PLACEMENT OF STATUE OF MARY M
CLEOD BETHUNE IN NATIONAL STATUARY HALL Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, Florida recently approved the placement of a statue of a truly inspirational woman, Dr. Mary McLeod Bethune, in the Na-tional Statuary Hall here in Wash-ington, DC. Dr. Mary McLeod Bethune was an American educator, stateswoman, phi-lanthropist, humanitarian, and civil rights activist. In 1904, Dr. Bethune founded Literature and Industrial Training School for African-American students in Daytona Beach, FL, now Bethune-Cookman University. She founded and was the president of the State Federation of Colored Women’s Club, where she led the fight against school segregation and healthcare in-equality. Dr. Bethune also served as president of the National Association of Colored Women’s Club and founded the National Council of Negro Women. Dr. Bethune became the first Afri-can-American woman to head a Federal agency when President Franklin D. Roosevelt appointed her administra-tive assistant for Negro Affairs of the National Youth Administration. She advised the President on concerns of African Americans and helped deliver his message and achievements with the African American community. Dr. Be-thune became known as the First Lady of the Struggle because of her commit-ment to improve the lives of African Americans. Dr. Bethune maintained high stand-ards and attracted tourists and donors to Bethune-Cookman College. She was president of the college from 1923 to 1942 and 1946 to 1947, one of the few women in the world to serve as a col-lege president at that time. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The Acting President pro tempore (Mr. C
ORNYN ) announced that on today, March 13, 2018, he had signed the fol-lowing enrolled bills, which were pre-viously signed by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. U
PTON ) of the House: 
H.R. 294. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’. H.R. 452. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13MR6.055 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1686 March 13, 2018 
324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 1208. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 1858. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’. H.R. 1988. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2254. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2302. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 2464. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Ken-nedy Post Office’’. H.R. 2672. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’. H.R. 2815. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’. H.R. 2873. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3109. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 3369. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 3638. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 3655. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3821. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zack T. Addington Post Office’’. H.R. 3893. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4042. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 4285. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Report to accompany S. 1015, a bill to re-quire the Federal Communications Commis-sion to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easy-to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system (Rept. No. 115–213). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HELLER: S. 2539. A bill to amend the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, to reauthorize cer-tain projects to increase Colorado River Sys-tem water; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. B
URR, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 2540. A bill to provide predictability and certainty in the tax law, create jobs, and en-courage investment; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. K
AINE): S. 2541. A bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to author-ize spouses of servicemembers to elect to use the same residences as the servicemembers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. C
ASEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Ms. H AS-
SAN): S. 2542. A bill to amend part B of the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act to provide full Federal funding of such part; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 2543. A bill to amend part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to provide grants to develop and enhance, or to evaluate, kin-ship navigator programs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. Res. 433. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the Marketplace Fairness Act of 2017 would harm the econ-omy of the United States and place an undue burden on small businesses and multiple States across the United States; to the Com-mittee on Finance. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to de-velop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among fire-fighters. S. 569 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 569, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to women vet-erans, and for other purposes. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 804, a bill to improve the provision of health care for women veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 948 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 948, a bill to designate as wilderness certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of peo-ple in the United States. 
S. 980 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 980, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for pay-ments for certain rural health clinic and Federally qualified health center services furnished to hospice patients under the Medicare program. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Dela-ware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum pe-riod, to eliminate disparities in mater-nal health outcomes for pregnancy-re-lated and pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1864 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1864, a bill to expand the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.006 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1687 March 13, 2018 
use of open textbooks in order to achieve savings for students. 
S. 2046 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2046, a bill to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evaluation activities, improve Federal data management, and for other purposes. 
S. 2060 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2060, a bill to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. C
ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2060, supra. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2109 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2109, a bill to count revenues from mili-tary and veteran education programs toward the limit on Federal revenues that certain proprietary institutions of higher education are allowed to receive for purposes of section 487 of the High-er Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 2135 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2135, a bill to enforce current law regarding the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System. 
S. 2236 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2236, a bill to require cov-ered discrimination and covered har-assment awareness and prevention training for Members, officers, employ-ees, interns, fellows, and detailees of Congress within 30 days of employment and annually thereafter, to require a biennial climate survey of Congress, to amend the enforcement process under the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights for covered discrimination and covered harassment complaints, and for other purposes. 
S. 2263 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2263, a bill to amend the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 to require base acres planted to fruits, vegetables, and wild rice to be considered planted to a covered commodity for purposes of any recalculation of base acres. S. 2334 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2334, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide clarity with respect to, and to mod-ernize, the licensing system for musi-cal works under section 115 of that title, to ensure fairness in the estab-lishment of certain rates and fees under sections 114 and 115 of that title, and for other purposes. 
S. 2353 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2353, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to report on the esti-mated total assets under direct or indi-rect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes. 
S. 2356 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2356, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to address staffing and other issues at facilities, including underserved facilities, of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2383 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2383, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to improve law enforcement access to data stored across borders, and for other purposes. 
S. 2421 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2421, a bill to amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to provide an exemption from cer-tain notice requirements and penalties for releases of hazardous substances from animal waste at farms. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make im-provements to certain defense and se-curity assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2500 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2500, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the women in the United States who joined the workforce during World War II, providing the vehicles, weaponry, and ammunition to win the war, that were referred to as ‘‘Rosie the Riv-eter’’, in recognition of their contribu-tions to the United States and the in-spiration they have provided to ensu-ing generations. S. 2525 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2525, a bill to ensure that the Fed-eral Government shall not take any discriminatory action against a person, wholly or partially on the basis that such person speaks, or acts, in accord-ance with a sincerely held religious be-lief or moral conviction that marriage is or should be recognized as a union of one man and one woman, or two indi-viduals as recognized under Federal law, or that sexual relations outside marriage are improper. 
S.J. RES. 54 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 54, a joint resolution to direct the removal of United States Armed Forces from hostilities in the Republic of Yemen that have not been author-ized by Congress. 
S. RES. 386 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 386, a resolution urging the Government of the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo to fulfill its agreement to hold credible elec-tions, comply with constitutional lim-its on presidential terms, and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a demo-cratic transition of power by taking concrete and measurable steps towards holding elections not later than De-cember 2018 as outlined in the existing election calendar, and allowing for freedom of expression and association. 
S. RES. 424 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 424, a resolution honoring the 25th anniversary of the National Guard Youth Challenge Program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2107 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2107 intended to be proposed to S. 2155, a bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored reg-ulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2134 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2134 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2155, a bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.009 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1688 March 13, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 2157 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2157 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2155, a bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 433—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE MARKET-PLACE FAIRNESS ACT OF 2017 WOULD HARM THE ECONOMY OF THE UNITED STATES AND PLACE AN UNDUE BURDEN ON SMALL BUSINESSES AND MULTIPLE STATES ACROSS THE UNITED STATES Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Finance: 
S. R ES. 433 Whereas the Internet has continued to drive economic growth, productivity, and in-novation over the last several decades; Whereas the Internet promotes a nation-wide economic environment that facilitates innovation, promotes efficiency, and empow-ers small businesses and entrepreneurs, espe-cially those in rural communities in the United States, to broadly share their goods and services; Whereas small businesses and entre-preneurs rely heavily on Internet access to provide them with access to new markets, additional consumers, and opportunities to compete in a global economy; Whereas the exemptions in the Market-place Fairness Act (S. 976) (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Marketplace Fairness Act’’) are wholly inadequate to ensure that small businesses and entrepreneurs are not harmed by the Marketplace Fairness Act; Whereas it should not be the role of small businesses and entrepreneurs to help shore up the finances of States and localities through an online sales tax; Whereas, if enacted, the Marketplace Fair-ness Act would— (1) create an online sales tax for all con-sumers, including consumers in States that have chosen to oppose sales taxes; and (2) overwhelmingly benefit large corporate entities at the expense of small businesses and entrepreneurs; and Whereas compliance with the Marketplace Fairness Act would place an undue burden on small businesses and entrepreneurs by— (1) requiring small businesses and entre-preneurs to remit taxes to nearly 10,000 dif-ferent tax jurisdictions across the United States and its territories; (2) exposing small businesses and entre-preneurs to the risk of unnecessary and cost-ly audits in nearly 10,000 different tax juris-dictions; and (3) forcing small businesses and entre-preneurs to spend time and money pur-chasing expensive technology and hiring staff to ensure compliance with the Market-place Fairness Act: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the unique role that the Internet plays in helping small businesses, entrepreneurs, and rural communities in the United States to be economically viable; (2) declares that enactment of the Market-place Fairness Act of 2017 (S. 976) would harm the economy of the United States and place burdensome and bureaucratic policies on small businesses and entrepreneurs; and (3) recognizes that enactment of the Mar-ketplace Fairness Act of 2017 (S. 976) would provide no economic benefit to States that do not have sales taxes or small businesses in those States. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2209. Mr. ROUNDS (for Mr. C ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2286, to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide great-er protection and services for Peace Corps volunteers, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2209. Mr. ROUNDS (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2286, to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and services for Peace Corps volunteers, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 13, line 9, insert ‘‘, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives,’’ after ‘‘Senate’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 8 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, March 13, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, March 13, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, March 13, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hear-ing entitled, ‘‘State Fragility, Growth, and Development: Designing Policy Ap-proaches that Work.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, March 13, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Freedom of Information Act: Examining the Administration’s Progress on Reforms and Looking Ahead.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, March 13, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to hold a closed hearing. SUBCOMMITTEE ON CYBERSECURITY  
The Subcommittee on Cybersecurity of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, March 13, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON COMMUNICATION , 
TECHNOLOGY , INNOVATION , AND THE INTERNET  
The Subcommittee on Communica-tion, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet of the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, March 13, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing en-titled, ‘‘Rebuilding Infrastructure in America: Investing in Next Generation Broadband.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
AND MERCHANT MARINE INFRASTRUCTURE , 
SAFETY AND SECURITY  
The Subcommittee on Surface Trans-portation and Merchant Marine Infra-structure, Safety and Security of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, March 13, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Rebuild-ing Infrastructure in America: Invest-ing in State and local Transportation Needs.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. KING. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that a fellow in my of-fice, Carissa Cyran, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the ses-sion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NICK CASTLE PEACE CORPS REFORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 308, S. 2286. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2286) to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and serv-ices for Peace Corps volunteers, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with amend-ments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
S. 2286 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nick Castle Peace Corps Reform Act of 2018’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.011 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1689 March 13, 2018 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER SUPPORT Sec. 101. Peace Corps volunteer medical care reform. Sec. 102. Post-service Peace Corps volunteer medical care reform. Sec. 103. Peace Corps impact survey. Sec. 104. Extension of positions for Peace Corps employees. TITLE II—PEACE CORPS OVERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY Sec. 201. Peace Corps volunteer access to In-spector General. Sec. 202. Consultation with Congress re-quired before opening or closing overseas offices and country programs. Sec. 203. Publication requirement for volun-teer surveys. TITLE III—CRIME RISK REDUCTION ENHANCEMENTS Sec. 301. Independent review of volunteer death. Sec. 302. Monitoring training records. Sec. 303. Additional disclosures to appli-cants for enrollment as volun-teers. Sec. 304. Additional protections against sex-ual misconduct. Sec. 305. Immediate victim advocacy notifi-cation. Sec. 306. Extension of the Office of Victim Advocacy. Sec. 307. Reform and extension of the Sexual Assault Advisory Council. Sec. 308. Definitions. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Peace Corps. (3) P
EACE CORPS VOLUNTEER .—The term ‘‘Peace Corps volunteer’’ means an indi-vidual described in section 5(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2504(a)). TITLE I—PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER SUPPORT 
SEC. 101. PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER MEDICAL CARE REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 5 (22 U.S.C. 2504) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5A. HEALTH CARE FOR VOLUNTEERS AT PEACE CORPS POSTS. 
‘‘(a) H EALTH CARE MEDICAL OFFICERS SE-
LECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting medical offi-cers and support staff for overseas Peace Corps posts, the Director shall strive to hire well-qualified and capable personnel to sup-port the effectiveness of health care for Peace Corps volunteers by evaluating each candidate’s— ‘‘(1) medical training, experience, and ac-creditations or other qualifications; ‘‘(2) record of performance; ‘‘(3) administrative capabilities; ‘‘(4) understanding of the local language and culture; ‘‘(5) ability to work in the English lan-guage; ‘‘(6) interpersonal skills; and ‘‘(7) such other factors that the Director considers to be appropriate. ‘‘(b) REVIEW AND EVALUATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director, acting through the Associate Director of the Office of Health Services and the country directors, shall review and evaluate the performance and health care delivery of all Peace Corps medical staff, including medical officers— ‘‘(A) to ensure compliance with all rel-evant Peace Corps policies, practices, and guidelines; and ‘‘(B) to ensure that medical staff complete the necessary continuing medical education to maintain their skills and satisfy licensing and credentialing standards, as designated by the Director. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director shall include, in the annual Peace Corps con-gressional budget justification, a confirma-tion that the review and evaluation of all Peace Corps medical staff required under paragraph (1) has been completed. ‘‘(c) A
NTIMALARIAL DRUGS .—The Director shall consult with experts at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention regarding recommendations for prescribing malaria prophylaxis, in order to provide the best standard of care within the context of the Peace Corps environment.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS  
BY THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE PEACE  C
ORPS .— (1) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—As promptly as practicable, the Director shall implement the actions outlined in the agen-cy response for all open recommendations of the Inspector General of the Peace Corps set forth in the report entitled ‘‘Final Program Evaluation Report: OIG Follow-up Evalua-tion of Issues Identified in the 2010 Peace Corps/Morocco Assessment of Medical Care’’ (Report No. IG–16–01–E). (2) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .— (A) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes the Director’s strategy for im-plementing the recommendations referred to in paragraph (1). (B) S
UBSEQUENT REPORTS .—Not later than 6 months after the submission of the report re-quired under subparagraph (A), and semi-annually thereafter, the Director shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes the progress in implementing the recommendations referred to in paragraph (1) until all such rec-ommendations have been implemented in ac-cordance with the agency’s response to the report referred to in such paragraph. (3) N
OTIFICATION .—After the submission of each report required under paragraph (2), the Inspector General of the Peace Corps may notify the appropriate congressional com-mittees of any recommendations from the report referred to in paragraph (1) that the Inspector General determines remain unre-solved. 
SEC. 102. POST-SERVICE PEACE CORPS VOLUN-TEER MEDICAL CARE REFORM. 
Section 8142 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d)(1) The Secretary shall authorize the Director of the Peace Corps to furnish med-ical benefits to a volunteer, who is injured during the volunteer’s period of service, for a period of 120 days following the termination of such service if the Director certifies that the volunteer’s injury probably meets the re-quirements under subsection (c)(3). The Sec-retary may then certify vouchers for these expenses for such volunteer out of the Em-ployees’ Compensation Fund. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall prescribe the form and content of the certification required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) A certification under paragraph (1) will cease to be effective if the volunteer sus-tains compensable disability in connection with volunteer service. ‘‘(4) Nothing in this subsection may be con-strued to authorize the furnishing of any medical benefit that the Secretary of Labor is not otherwise authorized to reimburse for former Peace Corps volunteers who receive treatment for injury or disease proximately caused by their service in the Peace Corps in accordance with this chapter.’’. SEC. 103. PEACE CORPS IMPACT SURVEY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act and once every 2 years for the following 6 years, the Director shall conduct a survey of former Peace Corps volunteers. (b) S
COPE OF SURVEY .—The survey required under subsection (a) shall assess, with re-spect to each former Peace Corps volunteer completing the survey, the impact of the Peace Corps on the former volunteer, includ-ing the volunteer’s— (1) well-being; (2) career; (3) civic engagement; and (4) commitment to public service. (c) R
EPORT .—The Director shall submit a report containing the results of the survey conducted under subsection (a) to— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (4) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (d) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACTEXEMP -
TION.—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act of 1980’’), shall not apply to the collection of information through the survey required under this sec-tion. 
SEC. 104. EXTENSION OF POSITIONS FOR PEACE CORPS EMPLOYEES. 
Section 7(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2506(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) D
ESIGNATION OF CRITICAL POSITIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Peace Corps may designate Peace Corps posi-tions as critical management or manage-ment support positions that require special-ized technical or professional skills and knowledge of Peace Corps operations. Such positions may include positions in the fol-lowing fields: ‘‘(i) Volunteer health services. ‘‘(ii) Financial management. ‘‘(iii) Information technology. ‘‘(iv) Procurement. ‘‘(v) Personnel. ‘‘(vi) Legal services. ‘‘(vii) Safety and security. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY .—Subject to subpara-graphs (C) and (D), with respect to positions designated pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Director may make or extend renewable ap-pointments or assignments under paragraph (2) notwithstanding limitations under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2) and paragraph (5). ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In exercising author-ity under subparagraph (B), the Director shall ensure that all decisions regarding the appointment, assignment, or extension of employees to any such position— ‘‘(i) are consistent with Federal law and Peace Corps policy; and ‘‘(ii) are based upon operational and pro-grammatic factors. ‘‘(D) D
URATION OF APPOINTMENTS .—The term of any appointment or assignment to any position designated under subparagraph (A) may not exceed 5 years.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.024 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1690 March 13, 2018 
TITLE II—PEACE CORPS OVERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY 
SEC. 201. PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER ACCESS TO INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Section 8 of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘he’’ and inserting ‘‘the President’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF THE OFFICE OF INSPEC -
TORGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) T
RAINING REQUIREMENT .—As part of the training provided to all volunteers under subsection (a), and in coordination with the Inspector General of the Peace Corps, the President shall provide all volunteers with— ‘‘(A) information regarding the mandate of the Inspector General and the availability of the Inspector General as a resource for vol-unteers; øand ø‘‘(B) the contact information of the In-spector General.¿ ‘‘(B) the contact information of the Inspector General; ‘‘(C) information regarding the mandate of the Office of Victim Advocacy and the avail-ability of the Office of Victim Advocacy as a re-source for volunteers; and ‘‘(D) the contact information of the Office of Victim Advocacy. ‘‘(2) F
REQUENCY OF TRAINING .—The Presi-dent shall ensure that volunteers receive the information described in paragraph (1) not less frequently than— ‘‘(A) once during pre-enrollment training; and ‘‘(B) once during each significant training provided by the Peace Corps to volunteers after enrollment.’’. 
SEC. 202. CONSULTATION WITH CONGRESS RE-QUIRED BEFORE OPENING OR CLOS-ING OVERSEAS OFFICES AND COUN-TRY PROGRAMS. 
The Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 10 (22 U.S.C. 2509) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10A. CONSULTATION WITH CONGRESS RE-QUIRED BEFORE OPENING OR CLOS-ING OVERSEAS OFFICES AND COUN-TRY PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Director of the Peace Corps may not open, close, significantly re-duce, or suspend a domestic or overseas of-fice or country program unless the Director has notified and consulted with the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Director may waive the application of subsection (a) if an action de-scribed in such subsection is necessary to ameliorate a substantial security risk to Peace Corps volunteers or other Peace Corps personnel.’’. 
SEC. 203. PUBLICATION REQUIREMENT FOR VOL-UNTEER SURVEYS. 
Section 8E of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507e) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘The President shall ensure that each performance plan es-tablished under this subsection for a Peace Corps representative includes a consider-ation of the results, with respect to such rep-resentative and the country of service of such representative, of each survey con-ducted under subsection (c).’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The President shall publish, on a publicly available website of the Peace Corps, a re-port summarizing the results of each survey related to volunteer satisfaction in each country in which volunteers serve, and the early termination rate of volunteers serving in each such country. The information pub-lished shall be posted in an easily accessible place near the description of the appropriate country and shall be written in an easily un-derstood manner.’’. TITLE III—CRIME RISK REDUCTION ENHANCEMENTS SEC. 301. INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF VOLUNTEER DEATH. 
Section 5 of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2504) is amended by inserting after sub-section (c) the following: ‘‘(d)(1) Consistent with the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), the Inspector General of the Peace Corps may independ-ently review the facts and circumstances surrounding the death of a volunteer and the actions taken by the Peace Corps in respond-ing to such incident. ‘‘(2) Not later than 10 days after receiving notification of the death of a volunteer, the President shall provide a briefing to the In-spector General, which shall include— ‘‘(A)(i) the available facts and cir-cumstances surrounding the death of the vol-unteer, including a preliminary timeline of the events immediately preceding the death of the volunteer, subsequent actions taken by the Peace Corps, and any information available to the Peace Corps reflecting on the cause or root cause of the volunteer’s death; and ‘‘(ii) a description of any steps the Peace Corps plans to take to inquire further into the cause or root cause of the volunteer’s death, including the anticipated date of the completion of such inquiry; or ‘‘(B) an explanation of why the Peace Corps has determined that no further inquiry into the cause or root cause of the volun-teer’s death is necessary, including— ‘‘(i) a description of the steps the Peace Corps took to determine further inquiry was not necessary; and ‘‘(ii) the basis for such determination. ‘‘(3) If the Peace Corps has performed or engaged another entity to perform a root cause analysis or similar report that de-scribes the root cause or proximate cause of a volunteer death, the President shall pro-vide the Inspector General of the Peace Corps with— ‘‘(A) a copy of all information provided to such entity at the time such information is provided to such entity or used by the Peace Corps to perform the analysis; ‘‘(B) a copy of any report or study received from the entity or used by the Peace Corps to perform the analysis; and ‘‘(C) any supporting documentation upon which the Peace Corps or such entity relied to make its determination, including the volunteer’s complete medical record, as soon as such information is available to the Peace Corps. ‘‘(4) If a volunteer dies, the Peace Corps shall take reasonable measures, in accord-ance with local laws, to preserve any infor-mation or material, in any medium or for-mat, that may be relevant to determining the cause or root cause of the volunteer’s death, including personal effects, medica-tion, and other tangible items belonging to the volunteer, as long as such measures do not interfere with the legal procedures of the host country if the government of the host country is exercising jurisdiction over the investigation of such death. The Inspector General of the Peace Corps shall be provided an opportunity to inspect such items before their final disposition. ‘‘(5) For the purposes of undertaking a re-view under this section, an officer or em-ployee of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces may be detailed to the In-spector General of the Peace Corps from an-other department of the United States Gov-ernment on a nonreimbursable basis, as jointly agreed to by the Inspector General and the detailing department, for a period not to exceed 1 year. This paragraph may not be construed to limit or modify any other source of authority for reimbursable or non-reimbursable details. A nonreimbursable de-tail made under this section shall not be con-sidered an augmentation of the appropria-tions of the Peace Corps. ‘‘(6) Upon request, the Peace Corps may make available necessary funds to the In-spector General of the Peace Corps for re-views conducted by the Inspector General under this section. The request shall be lim-ited to costs relating to hiring, procuring, or otherwise obtaining medical-related experts or expert services, and associated travel. ‘‘(7) The undertaking of a review under this section shall not be considered a transfer of program operating responsibilities to the In-spector General of the Peace Corps.’’. 
SEC. 302. MONITORING TRAINING RECORDS. 
Section 8 of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507), as amended by section 201, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
RAINING RECORDS .—The President shall implement procedures to maintain a written record verifying the attendance of each individual completing the training re-quired under this section and sections 8A, 8B, and 8F.’’. 
SEC. 303. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES TO APPLI-CANTS FOR ENROLLMENT AS VOL-UNTEERS. 
Section 8A(d) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507a(d)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION REGARDING CRIMES AND  R
ISKS.—Each applicant for enrollment as a volunteer shall be provided, with respect to the country in which the applicant has been invited to serve, with information regarding crimes against and risks to volunteers, in-cluding— ‘‘(1) an overview of past crimes against vol-unteers in such country; ‘‘(2) the current early termination rate of volunteers serving in such country; ‘‘(3) health risks in such country; and ‘‘(4) the level of satisfaction reported by volunteers serving in such country.’’. 
SEC. 304. ADDITIONAL PROTECTIONS AGAINST SEXUAL MISCONDUCT. 
Section 8B(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507b(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ø‘‘(7) maintains a record of the resignation of any employee or volunteer of the Peace Corps who resigns before a determination has been made regarding an allegation that such person committed a sexual assault or other serious misconduct; ¿ ‘‘(7) maintains a record documenting the res-ignation of any employee or volunteer of the Peace Corps who resigns before a determination has been made regarding an alleged violation of the sexual misconduct policy or other serious policy violations; ‘‘(8) takes into account the record main-tained under paragraph (7) before such em-ployee or volunteer is hired, is enrolled, or otherwise work with the Peace Corps; and ø‘‘(9) provides orientation to families who host volunteers regarding the awareness and prevention of sexual assault. ¿ ‘‘(9) provides orientation or information re-garding the awareness and prevention of sexual assault to— ‘‘(A) Peace Corps-selected host families; and ‘‘(B) a designated person of authority at the volunteer’s initial workplace.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.024 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1691 March 13, 2018 
SEC. 305. IMMEDIATE VICTIM ADVOCACY NOTIFI-CATION. 
Section 8B(a)(3) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507b(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘SARLs to immediately contact’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Peace Corps to designate the staff at each post who shall be responsible for pro-viding the services described in subsection (c) and for immediately contacting’’. 
SEC. 306. EXTENSION OF THE OFFICE OF VICTIM ADVOCACY. 
Section 8C of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507c) is amended— (1) in the heading to subsection (a), by striking ‘‘V
ICTIMS ’’ and inserting ‘‘V ICTIM ’’; and ø(2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’.¿ (2) by striking subsection (e). 
SEC. 307. REFORM AND EXTENSION OF THE SEX-UAL ASSAULT ADVISORY COUNCIL. 
Section 8D of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507d) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘not less than 8 individuals selected by the President, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section,’’ and inserting ‘‘not fewer than 8 and not more than 14 indi-viduals selected by the President’’; and (2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 308. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 26 of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2522) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g) as paragraphs (1), (6), (2), (3), (8), (7), and (5), respectively, by ar-ranging such redesignated paragraphs in nu-merical order, and by moving such para-graphs 2 ems to the right; (2) in paragraph (1), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘(1)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1)’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(4) The term ‘medical officer’ means a physician, nurse practitioner, physician’s as-sistant, or registered nurse with the profes-sional qualifications, expertise, and abilities consistent with the needs of the Peace Corps and the post to which he or she is assigned, as determined by the Director of the Peace Corps.’’. 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to and the Corker amendment at the desk be agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The amendment (No. 2209) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To require the Director of the Peace Corps to notify and consult with the Committees on Appropriations before opening, closing, significantly reducing, or suspending a domestic or oversees office or country program) On page 13, line 9, insert ‘‘, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives,’’ after ‘‘Senate’’. 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 2286), as amended, was passed, as follows: S. 2286 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nick Castle Peace Corps Reform Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER SUPPORT Sec. 101. Peace Corps volunteer medical care reform. Sec. 102. Post-service Peace Corps volunteer medical care reform. Sec. 103. Peace Corps impact survey. Sec. 104. Extension of positions for Peace Corps employees. TITLE II—PEACE CORPS OVERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY Sec. 201. Peace Corps volunteer access to In-spector General. Sec. 202. Consultation with Congress re-quired before opening or closing overseas offices and country programs. Sec. 203. Publication requirement for volun-teer surveys. TITLE III—CRIME RISK REDUCTION ENHANCEMENTS Sec. 301. Independent review of volunteer death. Sec. 302. Monitoring training records. Sec. 303. Additional disclosures to appli-cants for enrollment as volun-teers. Sec. 304. Additional protections against sex-ual misconduct. Sec. 305. Immediate victim advocacy notifi-cation. Sec. 306. Extension of the Office of Victim Advocacy. Sec. 307. Reform and extension of the Sexual Assault Advisory Council. Sec. 308. Definitions. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Peace Corps. (3) P
EACE CORPS VOLUNTEER .—The term ‘‘Peace Corps volunteer’’ means an indi-vidual described in section 5(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2504(a)). TITLE I—PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER SUPPORT 
SEC. 101. PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER MEDICAL CARE REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 5 (22 U.S.C. 2504) the following: ‘‘SEC. 5A. HEALTH CARE FOR VOLUNTEERS AT PEACE CORPS POSTS. 
‘‘(a) H EALTH CARE MEDICAL OFFICERS SE-
LECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting medical offi-cers and support staff for overseas Peace Corps posts, the Director shall strive to hire well-qualified and capable personnel to sup-port the effectiveness of health care for Peace Corps volunteers by evaluating each candidate’s— ‘‘(1) medical training, experience, and ac-creditations or other qualifications; ‘‘(2) record of performance; ‘‘(3) administrative capabilities; ‘‘(4) understanding of the local language and culture; ‘‘(5) ability to work in the English lan-guage; ‘‘(6) interpersonal skills; and ‘‘(7) such other factors that the Director considers to be appropriate. ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW AND EVALUATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director, acting through the Associate Director of the Office of Health Services and the country directors, shall review and evaluate the performance and health care delivery of all Peace Corps medical staff, including medical officers— ‘‘(A) to ensure compliance with all rel-evant Peace Corps policies, practices, and guidelines; and ‘‘(B) to ensure that medical staff complete the necessary continuing medical education to maintain their skills and satisfy licensing and credentialing standards, as designated by the Director. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director shall include, in the annual Peace Corps con-gressional budget justification, a confirma-tion that the review and evaluation of all Peace Corps medical staff required under paragraph (1) has been completed. ‘‘(c) A
NTIMALARIAL DRUGS .—The Director shall consult with experts at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention regarding recommendations for prescribing malaria prophylaxis, in order to provide the best standard of care within the context of the Peace Corps environment.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS  
BY THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE PEACE  C
ORPS .— (1) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—As promptly as practicable, the Director shall implement the actions outlined in the agen-cy response for all open recommendations of the Inspector General of the Peace Corps set forth in the report entitled ‘‘Final Program Evaluation Report: OIG Follow-up Evalua-tion of Issues Identified in the 2010 Peace Corps/Morocco Assessment of Medical Care’’ (Report No. IG–16–01–E). (2) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .— (A) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes the Director’s strategy for im-plementing the recommendations referred to in paragraph (1). (B) S
UBSEQUENT REPORTS .—Not later than 6 months after the submission of the report re-quired under subparagraph (A), and semi-annually thereafter, the Director shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes the progress in implementing the recommendations referred to in paragraph (1) until all such rec-ommendations have been implemented in ac-cordance with the agency’s response to the report referred to in such paragraph. (3) N
OTIFICATION .—After the submission of each report required under paragraph (2), the Inspector General of the Peace Corps may notify the appropriate congressional com-mittees of any recommendations from the report referred to in paragraph (1) that the Inspector General determines remain unre-solved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.024 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1692 March 13, 2018 
SEC. 102. POST-SERVICE PEACE CORPS VOLUN-TEER MEDICAL CARE REFORM. 
Section 8142 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d)(1) The Secretary shall authorize the Director of the Peace Corps to furnish med-ical benefits to a volunteer, who is injured during the volunteer’s period of service, for a period of 120 days following the termination of such service if the Director certifies that the volunteer’s injury probably meets the re-quirements under subsection (c)(3). The Sec-retary may then certify vouchers for these expenses for such volunteer out of the Em-ployees’ Compensation Fund. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall prescribe the form and content of the certification required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) A certification under paragraph (1) will cease to be effective if the volunteer sus-tains compensable disability in connection with volunteer service. ‘‘(4) Nothing in this subsection may be con-strued to authorize the furnishing of any medical benefit that the Secretary of Labor is not otherwise authorized to reimburse for former Peace Corps volunteers who receive treatment for injury or disease proximately caused by their service in the Peace Corps in accordance with this chapter.’’. 
SEC. 103. PEACE CORPS IMPACT SURVEY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act and once every 2 years for the following 6 years, the Director shall conduct a survey of former Peace Corps volunteers. (b) S
COPE OF SURVEY .—The survey required under subsection (a) shall assess, with re-spect to each former Peace Corps volunteer completing the survey, the impact of the Peace Corps on the former volunteer, includ-ing the volunteer’s— (1) well-being; (2) career; (3) civic engagement; and (4) commitment to public service. (c) R
EPORT .—The Director shall submit a report containing the results of the survey conducted under subsection (a) to— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (4) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (d) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACTEXEMP -
TION.—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act of 1980’’), shall not apply to the collection of information through the survey required under this sec-tion. 
SEC. 104. EXTENSION OF POSITIONS FOR PEACE CORPS EMPLOYEES. 
Section 7(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2506(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) D
ESIGNATION OF CRITICAL POSITIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Peace Corps may designate Peace Corps posi-tions as critical management or manage-ment support positions that require special-ized technical or professional skills and knowledge of Peace Corps operations. Such positions may include positions in the fol-lowing fields: ‘‘(i) Volunteer health services. ‘‘(ii) Financial management. ‘‘(iii) Information technology. ‘‘(iv) Procurement. ‘‘(v) Personnel. ‘‘(vi) Legal services. ‘‘(vii) Safety and security. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY .—Subject to subpara-graphs (C) and (D), with respect to positions designated pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Director may make or extend renewable ap-pointments or assignments under paragraph (2) notwithstanding limitations under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2) and paragraph (5). ‘‘(C) REQUIREMENTS .—In exercising author-ity under subparagraph (B), the Director shall ensure that all decisions regarding the appointment, assignment, or extension of employees to any such position— ‘‘(i) are consistent with Federal law and Peace Corps policy; and ‘‘(ii) are based upon operational and pro-grammatic factors. ‘‘(D) D
URATION OF APPOINTMENTS .—The term of any appointment or assignment to any position designated under subparagraph (A) may not exceed 5 years.’’. TITLE II—PEACE CORPS OVERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY 
SEC. 201. PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER ACCESS TO INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Section 8 of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘he’’ and inserting ‘‘the President’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF THE OFFICE OF INSPEC -
TORGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) T
RAINING REQUIREMENT .—As part of the training provided to all volunteers under subsection (a), and in coordination with the Inspector General of the Peace Corps, the President shall provide all volunteers with— ‘‘(A) information regarding the mandate of the Inspector General and the availability of the Inspector General as a resource for vol-unteers; ‘‘(B) the contact information of the Inspec-tor General; ‘‘(C) information regarding the mandate of the Office of Victim Advocacy and the avail-ability of the Office of Victim Advocacy as a resource for volunteers; and ‘‘(D) the contact information of the Office of Victim Advocacy. ‘‘(2) F
REQUENCY OF TRAINING .—The Presi-dent shall ensure that volunteers receive the information described in paragraph (1) not less frequently than— ‘‘(A) once during pre-enrollment training; and ‘‘(B) once during each significant training provided by the Peace Corps to volunteers after enrollment.’’. 
SEC. 202. CONSULTATION WITH CONGRESS RE-QUIRED BEFORE OPENING OR CLOS-ING OVERSEAS OFFICES AND COUN-TRY PROGRAMS. 
The Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 10 (22 U.S.C. 2509) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10A. CONSULTATION WITH CONGRESS RE-QUIRED BEFORE OPENING OR CLOS-ING OVERSEAS OFFICES AND COUN-TRY PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Director of the Peace Corps may not open, close, significantly re-duce, or suspend a domestic or overseas of-fice or country program unless the Director has notified and consulted with the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Director may waive the application of subsection (a) if an action de-scribed in such subsection is necessary to ameliorate a substantial security risk to Peace Corps volunteers or other Peace Corps personnel.’’. 
SEC. 203. PUBLICATION REQUIREMENT FOR VOL-UNTEER SURVEYS. 
Section 8E of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507e) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘The President shall ensure that each performance plan es-tablished under this subsection for a Peace Corps representative includes a consider-ation of the results, with respect to such rep-resentative and the country of service of such representative, of each survey con-ducted under subsection (c).’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The President shall publish, on a publicly available website of the Peace Corps, a re-port summarizing the results of each survey related to volunteer satisfaction in each country in which volunteers serve, and the early termination rate of volunteers serving in each such country. The information pub-lished shall be posted in an easily accessible place near the description of the appropriate country and shall be written in an easily un-derstood manner.’’. TITLE III—CRIME RISK REDUCTION ENHANCEMENTS SEC. 301. INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF VOLUNTEER DEATH. 
Section 5 of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2504) is amended by inserting after sub-section (c) the following: ‘‘(d)(1) Consistent with the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), the Inspector General of the Peace Corps may independ-ently review the facts and circumstances surrounding the death of a volunteer and the actions taken by the Peace Corps in respond-ing to such incident. ‘‘(2) Not later than 10 days after receiving notification of the death of a volunteer, the President shall provide a briefing to the In-spector General, which shall include— ‘‘(A)(i) the available facts and cir-cumstances surrounding the death of the vol-unteer, including a preliminary timeline of the events immediately preceding the death of the volunteer, subsequent actions taken by the Peace Corps, and any information available to the Peace Corps reflecting on the cause or root cause of the volunteer’s death; and ‘‘(ii) a description of any steps the Peace Corps plans to take to inquire further into the cause or root cause of the volunteer’s death, including the anticipated date of the completion of such inquiry; or ‘‘(B) an explanation of why the Peace Corps has determined that no further inquiry into the cause or root cause of the volun-teer’s death is necessary, including— ‘‘(i) a description of the steps the Peace Corps took to determine further inquiry was not necessary; and ‘‘(ii) the basis for such determination. ‘‘(3) If the Peace Corps has performed or engaged another entity to perform a root cause analysis or similar report that de-scribes the root cause or proximate cause of a volunteer death, the President shall pro-vide the Inspector General of the Peace Corps with— ‘‘(A) a copy of all information provided to such entity at the time such information is provided to such entity or used by the Peace Corps to perform the analysis; ‘‘(B) a copy of any report or study received from the entity or used by the Peace Corps to perform the analysis; and ‘‘(C) any supporting documentation upon which the Peace Corps or such entity relied to make its determination, including the volunteer’s complete medical record, as soon as such information is available to the Peace Corps. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.023 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1693 March 13, 2018 
‘‘(4) If a volunteer dies, the Peace Corps shall take reasonable measures, in accord-ance with local laws, to preserve any infor-mation or material, in any medium or for-mat, that may be relevant to determining the cause or root cause of the volunteer’s death, including personal effects, medica-tion, and other tangible items belonging to the volunteer, as long as such measures do not interfere with the legal procedures of the host country if the government of the host country is exercising jurisdiction over the investigation of such death. The Inspector General of the Peace Corps shall be provided an opportunity to inspect such items before their final disposition. ‘‘(5) For the purposes of undertaking a re-view under this section, an officer or em-ployee of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces may be detailed to the In-spector General of the Peace Corps from an-other department of the United States Gov-ernment on a nonreimbursable basis, as jointly agreed to by the Inspector General and the detailing department, for a period not to exceed 1 year. This paragraph may not be construed to limit or modify any other source of authority for reimbursable or non-reimbursable details. A nonreimbursable de-tail made under this section shall not be con-sidered an augmentation of the appropria-tions of the Peace Corps. ‘‘(6) Upon request, the Peace Corps may make available necessary funds to the In-spector General of the Peace Corps for re-views conducted by the Inspector General under this section. The request shall be lim-ited to costs relating to hiring, procuring, or otherwise obtaining medical-related experts or expert services, and associated travel. ‘‘(7) The undertaking of a review under this section shall not be considered a transfer of program operating responsibilities to the In-spector General of the Peace Corps.’’. 
SEC. 302. MONITORING TRAINING RECORDS. 
Section 8 of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507), as amended by section 201, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
RAINING RECORDS .—The President shall implement procedures to maintain a written record verifying the attendance of each individual completing the training re-quired under this section and sections 8A, 8B, and 8F.’’. 
SEC. 303. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES TO APPLI-CANTS FOR ENROLLMENT AS VOL-UNTEERS. 
Section 8A(d) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507a(d)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION REGARDING CRIMES AND  R
ISKS.—Each applicant for enrollment as a volunteer shall be provided, with respect to the country in which the applicant has been invited to serve, with information regarding crimes against and risks to volunteers, in-cluding— ‘‘(1) an overview of past crimes against vol-unteers in such country; ‘‘(2) the current early termination rate of volunteers serving in such country; ‘‘(3) health risks in such country; and ‘‘(4) the level of satisfaction reported by volunteers serving in such country.’’. SEC. 304. ADDITIONAL PROTECTIONS AGAINST SEXUAL MISCONDUCT. 
Section 8B(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507b(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) maintains a record documenting the resignation of any employee or volunteer of the Peace Corps who resigns before a deter-mination has been made regarding an alleged violation of the sexual misconduct policy or other serious policy violations; ‘‘(8) takes into account the record main-tained under paragraph (7) before such em-ployee or volunteer is hired, is enrolled, or otherwise work with the Peace Corps; and ‘‘(9) provides orientation or information re-garding the awareness and prevention of sex-ual assault to— ‘‘(A) Peace Corps-selected host families; and ‘‘(B) a designated person of authority at the volunteer’s initial workplace.’’. 
SEC. 305. IMMEDIATE VICTIM ADVOCACY NOTIFI-CATION. 
Section 8B(a)(3) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507b(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘SARLs to immediately contact’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Peace Corps to designate the staff at each post who shall be responsible for pro-viding the services described in subsection (c) and for immediately contacting’’. 
SEC. 306. EXTENSION OF THE OFFICE OF VICTIM ADVOCACY. 
Section 8C of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507c) is amended— (1) in the heading to subsection (a), by striking ‘‘V
ICTIMS ’’ and inserting ‘‘V ICTIM ’’; and (2) by striking subsection (e). 
SEC. 307. REFORM AND EXTENSION OF THE SEX-UAL ASSAULT ADVISORY COUNCIL. 
Section 8D of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2507d) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘not less than 8 individuals selected by the President, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section,’’ and inserting ‘‘not fewer than 8 and not more than 14 indi-viduals selected by the President’’; and (2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 308. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 26 of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2522) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g) as paragraphs (1), (6), (2), (3), (8), (7), and (5), respectively, by ar-ranging such redesignated paragraphs in nu-merical order, and by moving such para-graphs 2 ems to the right; (2) in paragraph (1), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘(1)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1)’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(4) The term ‘medical officer’ means a physician, nurse practitioner, physician’s as-sistant, or registered nurse with the profes-sional qualifications, expertise, and abilities consistent with the needs of the Peace Corps and the post to which he or she is assigned, as determined by the Director of the Peace Corps.’’. f ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the postcloture time on Senate amendment No. 2151, as modified, expire at 3:45 p.m. on Wednes-day, March 14; further, that if cloture is invoked on S. 2155, the time count as if invoked at midnight, Wednesday, March 14. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCH 14, 2018 Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, March 14; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of S. 2155 under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 8 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, March 14, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate March 13, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
GILBERT B. KAPLAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INTER-NATIONAL TRADE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A13MR6.023 S13MRPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE297 March 13, 2018 
ANGELINA APODACA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Angelina Apodaca for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Angelina Apodaca is a student at Jefferson High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Angelina Apodaca is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Angelina Apodaca for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 175TH AN-NIVERSARY OF CARBON COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the people of Carbon County as that county celebrates its 175th Anniver-sary of incorporation. On March 13, 1843, Carbon County was created by combining parts of Northampton and Monroe Counties. The County was named for the vast abun-dance of anthracite coal found in the region. Carbon County consists of land originally obtained from the Delaware Tribe during the Walking Purchase of 1737. The first settle-ment established in the area was Gnadenhutten. Set up by twelve German monks of the Moravian order in 1745, today, the town of Lehighton stands in its place. Dur-ing the Industrial Revolution, Carbon County was the home of the first railroad in America that was built on any large scale, known as ‘‘The Switchback.’’ Carbon County is also the location of the trials and executions of the in-famous Molly Maguires, a secret organization whose members were accused of targeting mine company representatives with violence during early struggles over the treatment of miners. Carbon County spans over 500 square miles in the Pocono Mountain region of Penn-sylvania. Over two-thirds of the county is state game and park land. Because of its strategic location in the Poconos, its natural beauty, and its rich history, the county attracts many hikers, cyclists, history buffs, and people seek-ing adventure. With its seat located in Jim Thorpe, Carbon County has twenty-three mu-nicipalities, several unincorporated commu-nities, and close to 64,000 residents. The county is generally considered a bellwether county for statewide elections. It is an honor to recognize Carbon County as its residents observe the 175th Anniversary of incorporation. I take great joy in joining celebration of such an important milestone. I wish everyone in the county all the best as they continue to make history. f 
USS ‘‘COLORADO’’ COMMISSIONING 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORACO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Colorado’s 4th Congressional Dis-trict I am delighted to recognize the commis-sioning of the USS Colorado (SSN–788.) Since the time of the Civil War, U.S. Navy vessels named after the magnificent state of Colorado have proudly served our great na-tion. The commissioning ceremony will be held on Saturday, March 17th, which will be a spe-cial day for Coloradans as the United States Navy officially welcomes the fourth U.S. Navy vessel to bear the Colorado name. We rest assured in the knowledge that the crew of the USS Colorado, part of the Virginia- class of attack submarines, is equipped with the most advanced capabilities and sophisti-cated technology needed to maintain the strength of the U.S. Navy and the security of America’s shores. Coloradans are proud as USS Colorado and her crew joins forces in the endeavor to ensure security for all Americans. A relationship will be established between the USS Colorado and her remarkable service men and women. May that bond reach far be-yond Saturday’s ceremony and remain throughout the span of the USS Colorado’s lifetime of service. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to return from my home district in time for votes on Monday, March 5 or Tuesday, March 6. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 092; YEA on Roll Call No. 093; NAY on Roll Call No. 094; and YEA on Roll Call No. 095. JALISSA ARCHULETA HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Jalissa Archuleta for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Jalissa Archuleta is a student at Arvada West High School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Jalissa Archuleta is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jalissa Archuleta for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. JOE G. WRIGHT, JR. 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Joe G. Wright, Jr. of Raleigh, North Carolina. On behalf of the people of North Carolina, I would like to thank Mr. Wright for almost 30 years of service to our communities and congratulate him on his up-coming retirement. Joe Wright began his career in emergency management as an Emergency Services Di-rector for Caswell County in 1990. He began working with the North Carolina Division of Emergency Management as an Area Coordi-nator in 2004, became a Central Branch Man-ager in 2009, and rose to the position of Dep-uty Director in 2013. Over the course of his career, Mr. Wright has aided in twenty-two FEMA disaster declarations, including deploy-ing to New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina and assisting the state during Hurricane Mat-thew. Mr. Wright was instrumental in the de-velopment of a Field Standard Operational Guide that received a national best practice during accreditation inspections. He also chairs the Urban Search and Rescue Task Force Leaders Advisory Group. Mr. Wright is the 2010 recipient of the Colo-nel William A. Thompson Award for Out-standing Achievement in Emergency Manage-ment. Over the course of his career, Mr. Wright has successfully led local and state operational responses to disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, winter storms, wildfires, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13MR8.001 E13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE298 March 13, 2018 
public disturbances, and hazardous material events. Joe Wright has earned the respect and friendship of the people of North Carolina through his hard work and wide-ranging in-volvement throughout the state. For his serv-ice to North Carolina, I am honored to express to Mr. Wright the gratitude and best wishes of the people of North Carolina on his retirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE OKAWVILLE BOYS BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the 2018 Class 1A Illinois basketball champions the Okawville boys’ basketball team. Okawville won the title game 59–48 thanks to a record breaking barrage of three-point shots, with Okawville making eight out of their 14 attempts. Behind the shooting of junior guard Wyatt Krohne, who scored 18 points to lead the team, Okawville seized its first ever state basketball title. With the game dead-locked at halftime, Okawville broke it open with a 19–point third quarter blitz that decided the outcome. Just as impressive as the team’s third quarter offensive output was its stingy defense, which yielded a scant six points dur-ing the deciding stanza. I would like to congratulate the entire Okawville boys’ basketball team on their vic-tory: Payten Harre, Lucas Frederking, Caleb Frederking, Will Aubel, Jordan Green, Wyatt Krohne, Luke Hensler, Carter Killion, Drew Riechmann, Tyler Parsley, Tyler Roesener, Payton Riechmann, Lane Schilling, Tom Segelhorst, and Jackson Heckert, as well as Head Coach Jon Kraus, on a superb end to a great season. Mr. Speaker, today it is an honor for me to acknowledge the hard work and dedication of the Okawville boys’ basketball team in winning the 2018 boys’ basketball championship, and I wish the team, and their coach, all the best in the future. 
f 
EMILY BISHOP 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Emily Bishop for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Emily Bishop is a student at Everitt Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Emily Bishop is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Emily Bishop for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. f 
HONORING DAVID, JIMMY AND SUSAN SCOTTON 
HON. STEVE SCALISE 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the release of the short documen-tary film, I Lived On Parker Avenue, and rec-ognize adoptee David Scotton and his family, and to celebrate their inspirational story high-lighting adoption. I Lived on Parker Avenue follows the story of David Scotton, currently a law student at Louisiana State University, on his journey to meet his birth parents for the first time and thank them for the gift of his life. Through God’s grace, David’s birth mother walked out of an Indianapolis abortion facility at the last moment and lovingly placed David up for adoption, answering the prayers of Jimmy and Susan Scotton who adopted David at birth. To honor them for their work to better the lives of Louisiana children though adoption, David, Jimmy and Susan Scotton were award-ed by the Louisiana Institute for Children in Families as a Louisiana Angel in Adoption. I ask that my colleagues join me today in cele-brating their story and recognizing their con-tribution to promoting the blessing of adoption. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF COLONEL DWIGHT LAWRENCE TAYLOR 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Colonel Dwight Lawrence Taylor. Colonel Taylor served the nation as a bombardier in the Army Air Corps during World War II. After the war, Colonel Taylor en-tered the Air Force Reserves, retiring in 1984 as a Colonel. Colonel Taylor took great pride in his in-volvement in the community. He was a mem-ber of Coan Baptist Church in Heathsville, VA where he was a past Deacon. Additionally, he served as a past Master Mason of Heathsville Masonic Lodge number 109 AF and AM and was a member of Westmoreland Royal Arch Chapter number 41. He belonged to many civic organizations including the Northumber-land Lions Club and Historical Society. Colo-nel Taylor had a deep love of the Northern Neck and spent many years at his beloved home, ‘‘Wheatland,’’ where he loved to garden and work on preserving the historic antebellum home. Colonel Taylor typified a genuine Vir-ginia Gentleman in his character and charity to others. Colonel Taylor continued to serve his community as Chairman of the Northumber-land County Republican Committee and as a member of the First Congressional District Committee. Colonel Taylor is a graduate of The College of William and Mary. I had the pleasure of knowing Colonel Tay-lor for many years and witnessed his contribu-tions to the community. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in extending thoughts and prayers to his wife, Catherine; daughters Mary Cath-erine and Jennifer; five grandchildren; and their families during this difficult time. f 
ISABELLA BROWN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Isabella Brown for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Isabella Brown is a student at Arvada K–8 and received this award because her deter-mination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Isabella Brown is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Isa-bella Brown for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 175TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE INCORPORA-TION OF CARBON COUNTY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor for me to join the residents of Carbon County, Pennsylvania in celebrating the coun-ty’s 175th anniversary of its incorporation. The last 175 years have proven trans-formative for the county, demonstrating its vi-tality and strong sense of community. Located in the northeastern comer of the state, ap-proximately 90 miles west of New York City and 90 miles northeast of Philadelphia, Car-bon County covers over 500 square miles and is known for its scenic mountains and rivers. It truly carved out its place in the Common-wealth’s history when it became the home of the first railroad in America built on a large scale, called the Switchback. Construction of the Switchback railroad helped bring a thriving coal industry to Pennsylvania, which in turn brought businesses, schools, and a growing population to the region. While the Switchback railroad was retired in the 1920s, Carbon County still attracts thou-sands of visitors each year due to its attractive rural landscape that is rich in heritage and his-tory. With the northern and eastern portions of the county being part of the Pocono Mountain region, and over two thirds of the county being State Game Land and State Park Land, there is no shortage of families and businesses at-tracted to Carbon County’s quality of life. I am truly honored to represent this county in Penn-sylvania and take great pride in its history, success, and sense of community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MR8.004 E13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE299 March 13, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 175th anniversary of the incorporation of Carbon County. 
f 
DEPUTY JACOB PICKETT 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Deputy Jacob Pickett, who was killed in the line of duty in Lebanon, Indiana on March 2, 2018. Deputy Pickett was born on December 20, 1983 to Marlin and Rebecca Pickett in Colum-bus, Ohio. He graduated from Brownsburg High School in Brownsburg, Indiana and start-ed on his path to a career in law enforcement. He graduated from Marion County Sheriff’s Of-fice Training Academy in 2010 and the Indiana Law Enforcement Academy in 2014. After graduating, he went on to work at the Marion County Sheriff’s Office from 2010 to 2013 as a detention deputy and participated on the sheriff’s presentations corps. In 2013, he start-ed working for the Tipton County Sheriff’s De-partment and served as the Deputy until 2015. He then went on to serve with the Boone County Sheriff’s Department as a Taser In-structor and K–9 Team Leader. Deputy Pickett had a profound impact on those he served, evidenced by the outpours of support by Hoosiers across the state since his passing. He is remembered for his kind-heart, loyalty, selflessness and willingness to serve others, but most of all as a loving husband and father. Deputy Pickett is survived by his wife, Jen-nifer Pickett, his two sons; Wade Matthew Pickett, Lincoln David Pickett, parents; Marlin and Rebecca Pickett, sister, Kristi M. Woo, niece; Hannah N. Woo, his K–9 partner, Brik, parents-in-law; Jon and Carol Lindstrom, brothers-in-law; Jeremy Lindstrom, Christopher Lindstrom and a host of other relatives and friends. On behalf of all Hoosiers, I thank Deputy Pickett for his service and sacrifice to our great state. He represented his community, state, and country, with honor and dignity. We continue to pray for his family, friends, and all who knew him. Our hearts are with you. His service and sacrifice will always be remem-bered. 
f 
HONORING FETZER VINEYARDS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleague, Rep-resentative J
ARED HUFFMAN , to honor Fetzer Vineyards upon the occasion of its 50th anni-versary in operation. Fetzer Vineyards was founded in 1968 by Barney and Kathleen Fetzer of Mendocino County, California. The couple produced wine under the company’s flagship Fetzer label with the help of their eleven children. Though the family sold the business in 1992, Fetzer Vine-yards has carried on its founders’ legacy of social responsibility. It is now the world’s larg-est winery certified as a B Corporation, mean-ing the company meets high standards for en-vironmental and labor practices. For decades, Fetzer Vineyards has been a leader in organic farming and sustainability. In the 1980s, the winemaker converted all of its Mendocino County vineyards to organic meth-ods. Of the 960 acres Fetzer Vineyards has in cultivation today, 700 are certified as organic and the other 260 are biodynamic, which means no chemicals are used in the grape- growing process. In 1999, Fetzer Vineyards became the first vineyard to operate on 100 percent green power. It reported and verified its greenhouse gas emissions to The Climate Registry, a non-profit, as early as 2005. By 2014, Fetzer Vineyards had become the first winery to achieve TRUE Zero Waste certifi-cation. These achievements and others are a shining example for the agricultural commu-nity. They prove that economic success and environmental conservation go hand in hand. Fetzer Vineyards knows that a business only thrives when workers do too. The com-pany is enormously proud of its diverse man-agement team, half of which is made up of women or people from underrepresented groups. All 300 of the vintner’s employees earn above a living wage, receive health care benefits and are incentivized to volunteer in the community. In addition, Fetzer Vineyards encourages worker initiative. Many of the com-pany’s landmark environmental achievements were made possible by employee projects like internal waste audits. In this way, Fetzer Vine-yards shows what can be accomplished when businesses do more than take care of the bot-tom line. Fetzer Vineyards’ workforce invest-ment pays for itself through the ingenuity of its employees. Mr. Speaker, Fetzer Vineyards is the type of socially responsible company that every Amer-ican business should strive to be. It is there-fore fitting and proper that we honor Fetzer Vineyards here today. f 
ALLY BUCKNER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Ally Buckner for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Ally Buckner is a student at Ralston Valley High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Ally Buckner is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ally Buckner for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplish-ments. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for the vote on the Passage of H.R. 4607 (Roll Call No. 95). Had I been present, I would have voted no. I was also absent for the vote on the Pas-sage of H.R. 1119 (Roll Call No. 101). Had I been present, I would have voted no. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOME RULE NON- DISCRIMINATION ACT OF 2018 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the District of Columbia Home Rule Non- Discrimination Act of 2018 to end the unique applicability of the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 (RFRA) to the District of Columbia. My bill will protect the District’s right to self-government, as well as LGBTQ and reproductive rights in D.C. RFRA, which provides more protection for religious exercise than the First Amendment, applies to the federal government, the D.C. government and the territorial governments, but not to state governments. As RFRA does not apply to the states, under the principles of home rule, it should likewise not apply to the District. While RFRA was designed to be a shield to protect religious freedom, it is being used, as evidenced by the Supreme Court’s 2014 Hobby Lobby decision, as a sword to discrimi-nate against the LGBTQ community and women. Members of Congress have used RFRA as a justification for trying to overturn D.C. antidiscrimination laws. Republicans have voted three times since 2015 to nullify or block the District’s Reproductive Health Non-Dis-crimination Act (RHNDA), which prohibits em-ployers from discriminating against employees and their families based on reproductive health decisions, claiming, in part, that it vio-lates RFRA. However, it appears that no one has challenged RHNDA’s legality under RFRA in court. My bill ensures that District residents are treated the same as residents of the states under RFRA. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JAMES JAY DELANEY, RECIPIENT OF THE 2018 GREATER PITTSTON FRIEND-LY SONS’ SWINGLE AWARD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize James Jay Delaney, who will receive the W. Francis Swingle Award from the Greater Pittston Friendly Sons of St. Patrick. Jay will be honored formally during the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MR8.008 E13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE300 March 13, 2018 
Friendly Sons’ 104th annual celebration on March 17, 2018. He has been part of the Wilkes-Barre Fire Department since 1981 and has served as the city’s fire chief for the past 13 years. Chief Delaney is a longtime resident of Avoca, Pennsylvania and a graduate of St. John the Evangelist High School. He attended Luzerne County Community College to study Fire Science Technology. He has completed advanced course work at the National Fire Academy in Emmitsburg, Maryland and at the Center for Domestic Preparedness in Annis-ton, Alabama. He is also a certified para-medic. In addition to his role as chief, Delaney serves as Wilkes-Barre’s Emergency Manage-ment Coordinator. Under Chief Delaney’s leadership, the Wilkes-Barre Fire Department’s ISO Public Protection Classification was ele-vated to Class 2, which put Wilkes-Barre in the top 1 percent of fire departments in Penn-sylvania. He has been responsible for secur-ing a substantial amount of federal support and has made multiple upgrades to the city’s emergency response operations and equip-ment. Chief Delaney has earned appointments by Governor Ed Rendell to the Pennsylvania Game Commission Board of Commissioners and by Governor Tom Wolf to the Governor’s Advisory Council for Hunting, Fishing, and Conservation. He resides in the Miners Mills section of Wilkes-Barre with his wife, the former Valerie Sakaduski. They have three children, Sarah, Jamie and Megan and seven grandchildren. It is an honor to recognize Chief Delaney as he accepts the W. Franics Swingle Award. I am grateful to him for having spent his entire career in service to the people of Northeastern Pennsylvania. His 37 years as a fire fighter is an outstanding contribution to the community. I wish him all the best this St. Patrick’s Day. 
f 
ROWANCHAYSE CLEVELAND 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Rowanchayse Cleveland for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Rowanchayse Cleveland is a student at Ar-vada K–8 and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Rowanchayse Cleveland is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Rowanchayse Cleveland for winning the Ar-vada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. AVERY HUDDLESTON HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to commend Avery Huddleston, a first grader in my district from Mechanics-burg, Illinois. Avery, along with his classmates at Tri-City Elementary School, collected more than twen-ty pounds of school supplies for students in Puerto Rico—where schools are still recov-ering after Hurricane Maria. Avery was so excited to help students in Puerto Rico that he asked his friends to bring school supplies instead of gifts to his seventh birthday party. Soon, his whole class got in on the fun. When Avery’s mom learned that local Ameren crews were scheduled to go to Puerto Rico, she arranged for Ameren to take the box of donations with them. But when the crews dropped off the donations, they discovered that the school was still experiencing problems with electricity. Within thirty minutes, Ameren workers were able to restore the school’s light and air conditioning after nearly six months without power. Thanks to the kindness of a special seven year old and his classmates, students in Rio Grande not only have new school supplies, but now have their lights back on. I’m very proud of Avery and inspired by his ambition to help others. He’s a perfect exam-ple of the kindness we should show our neigh-bors every day. Keep up the good work, Avery. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LARRY GREEN, HOUS-TON CITY COUNCILMAN AND A SPECIAL HUMAN BEING WITH AN UNSURPASSED EXUBERANCE AND PASSION FOR THE PEOPLE OF HOUSTON 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Houston City Councilmember Larry Green who passed away suddenly on March 6, 2018, at the age of 52. I was shocked and saddened to learn of the death of my dear friend, Councilman Larry Green, and my heart goes out to his family and loved ones. Although the years of his life were short, the life lived in those years by Councilman Larry Green was vibrant, dynamic, purposeful, and directed toward service to others. Larry Green was an extraordinary human being with an unsurpassed exuberance and passion for our city, its neighborhoods, its fu-ture, and most of all, its people. Councilman Larry Green was devoted to providing opportunities for his constituents, in-deed all Houstonians, to realize their potential and their dreams. Larry Green worked as my District Director, and in this role he helped me to serve the constituents of the 18th Congressional District. I am proud to have served as one of his mentors. In fact it was during this service to my office that I observed first hand his dedication to the community that claimed him, because he was one of Houston’s own. But as anyone who knew Larry Green can attest, you also learned a lot from him be-cause he was so generous with his knowledge and expertise. Larry Green was a lifelong Houstonian. You often hear it said that greatness is measured by the magnitude of one’s service. By that measure there is no greater public servant than Larry Green, whom we lost en-tirely too soon. Larry Green proudly served the citizens of District K on Houston’s City Council for almost six years. Larry Green was a native Houstonian; a graduate of Madison High School, the Univer-sity of Houston, and the Thurgood Marshall School of Law. It was in my office that Larry Green honed the skills for which he is well known for: hard work, long hours, attention to details regarding the lives of those he serves, getting the job done, and making sure that the needs and in-terests of the poor and vulnerable would never be forgotten. As the shock and grief over his untimely death recedes, left in its place is our memory of his dedication as a public servant; his sense of humor when faced with a challenge; his tireless work for the people of District K, and omnipresence at community meetings was legendary. In fact, it was at those community meetings where his love for his constituents shined brightest. As members of the community attested after he passed: ‘‘Larry was everywhere—he’s at the civic club meetings; the coalition meeting; he was like your friend. I’d call him all the time.’’ The loss of Larry Green’s leaves is heart breaking. I am reminded of the common refrain that ‘‘all death teaches us is that nothing is prom-ised, but only that life was worth it.’’ Larry Green lived that wisdom and always sought to give back and live a life worth it. Among his numerous contributions and ac-complishments, it is Larry Green’s dedication to his constituents that stand tallest, and will stand the test of time. Larry Green knew the value of viewing neighborhoods and towns as communities— rather than districts—and sought to make the everyday lives of people better. Larry Green educated people about how to become citizen activists so that they could im-prove the quality of their communities or their own lives. Larry Green sought to remedy blighted neighborhoods by attracting development; he helped neighbors set up civic clubs and taught them how to beautify their neighborhoods. And as the rough waters of life have stilled his body, his soul lives on and his legacy will not be diminished. Larry Green will be remembered always as a fearless advocate; a tireless champion; a true friend; a man whose passion for Houston was contagious. Scripture teaches us that blessed are those that mourn, for they will be comforted. To his entire family, who shared him with us for 52 years, on behalf of all Houstonians, we thank you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MR8.013 E13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE301 March 13, 2018 
To his brother, two nieces and a nephew, all of whom survive him, we pray that God will deliver you from the pain that his passing has visited on you. To those he was honored to serve as a proud representative of District K: all of us in public life are inspired by his example and his fortitude and while we know he is looking down on us, we can only seek to honor his time on Earth by emulating his service. In a time of wanting leadership, let those of us still on this Earth be inspired by Larry Green’s example and his service and strive to be worthy of his legacy. I ask the House to observe a moment of si-lence in memory of the beloved Larry Green, who as much as anyone reflected the heart-beat of Houston. 
f 
JORDAN CROSS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Jordan Cross for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Jordan Cross is a student at Arvada West High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Jordan Cross is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jor-dan Cross for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
VIRGINIA KINCH 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the generosity of Virginia Kinch and her family in Longmont, Colorado. Last year during the holiday season, Virginia and her daughters were preparing to deliver Thanksgiving meals to the homeless. They were shocked to hear about a family living in a broken down school bus behind a truck stop, so they went to deliver food to them. They discovered that this struggling family had three young daughters—a 5 year old, a 14- month old, and a 4-week old. After providing the family with a hot meal, Virginia wanted to do more to help. Fortunately, the Kinch’s had just completed renovations on a house in Greeley that they planned to rent out or sell. Instead, Virginia went above and beyond and decided to invite the struggling family to move into that home rent-free. The kindness and selflessness displayed by the Kinch family is truly remarkable. They fully embody the Christmas spirit of giving, and are an inspiration to us all. For that, I am pleased to honor and recognize their outstanding act of kindness. f 
RECOGNIZING CHRISTIAN OAKES FOR HIS EXTRAORDINARY HU-MANITARIAN AND RELIEF EF-FORTS TO HURRICANE VICTIMS 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Christian Oakes of Walton County, for his success and remarkable relief efforts to reach those devastated by hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria. Weathering through the storm to reach those previously deemed ‘‘unreachable,’’ Christian Oakes defied all odds. His leader-ship and persistence represent what North-west Florida is all about—helping those in times of need. Christian and Cass Oakes were married on August 21, 2017. Four days later, they ex-changed their honeymoon for a rescue mis-sion. Without a second thought, they loaded up donated supplies that Christian miracu-lously accumulated by reaching out to busi-ness partners and clients, and headed to help Harvey victims in Texas. Mr. Oakes’ relentless spirit in helping the people of Texas is a spirit that I hope every-one can look to and admire. He proved noth-ing would stop him from doing everything he could to help, when he offered the very shoes off his feet. He traveled from truck to foot to boat and finally had to be airlifted by a Blackhawk—which he thought was pretty cool. Christian extended his hand to people he had never met before. He simply wanted to help. When Hurricane Irma hit south Florida, Christian and Cass immediately began plan-ning and executing. Using only their Excursion and U-Haul trailer, they delivered over 5,000 cubic feet of supplies in Collier County, Florida alone. Christian was so incredibly dedicated to this mission, he passed up an opportunity to meet the President so he could immediately begin preparation for the next relief effort. Following the aftermath of Maria in Puerto Rico, Mr. Oakes’ rose to overcome many chal-lenges. One of those being the need to admin-ister vaccines to those affected by the flu. After running into some issues, he contacted my office for assistance and throughout the night, together, through many phone calls and emails, we were able to successfully get those vaccines to the proper destination in time for most to be administered. I am very proud of Christian, his wife Cass and their incredible team for the phenomenal aid for victims in Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico. This spirit of duty to help others during times of disaster should inspire and be emu-lated by every American. Cass Oakes summed up their mission state-ment well as she stated, ‘‘I never want to buy anything for myself again, I just want to help others. Everything you work so hard for in life can just be taken away in an instance.’’ Christian and Cass Oakes continue to give of themselves on a daily basis to assist those in need. I look forward to partnering with them in the future and I am honored to be their Congressman. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize Chris-tian and Cass Oakes for their extraordinary humanitarian and relief efforts across our state of Florida and around the United States of America. f 
RUBY EAMES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Ruby Eames for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Ruby Eames is a student at Drake Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Ruby Eames is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ruby Eames for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
REMEMBERING DANN SPEAR 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Dann Spear, a 40- year resident of Yuba County, who passed away unexpectedly on February 22, 2018. Dann was born to William C. ‘‘Doc’’ and Margie Spear in Ventura, California in 1954. He grew up around horses and livestock, and worked at the family business at the Ojai Val-ley Inn Riding Stables and Matalija Ranch in his youth. He graduated from Nordhoff High School in 1972, and while attending Cal Poly S.L.O., he competed in college rodeo and went on to compete successfully in profes-sional rodeo in the team roping event. He married the love of his life, Roberta Eskew Spear, in 1974. After attending Cal Poly, they moved back to Ojai, where Dann began working in the construction industry. After two years, they realized their dream of owning a small ranch and moved to Marysville, California, where Dann continued to compete in professional rodeo and contin-ued his construction career. Dann worked in the Public Works Department of Sutter County for 30 years, where he loved helping the peo-ple of Sutter County. Dann also had a strong faith and love for the Lord in a quiet way and always treated people like family. Dann and Roberta had two sons, Carson and Brandon. They were involved in 4–H, little league, and high school rodeo, and they never 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MR8.015 E13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE302 March 13, 2018 
missed a game of Wheatland Pirates football. Dann’s boys grew up to become a Captain in the Army and Iraq War Veteran and a Ser-geant in the Yuba County Sheriffs Depart-ment. Dann dearly loved his daughters-in-law, Erin, who is an estate planning attorney at Guth & Changaris, and Cotie, who is the Nurs-ing Administrator for Yuba County Corrections. While raising his family, Dann founded the Museum of the Forgotten Warriors in 1983. Dann had always been interested in military history, and after meeting several World War Two Flying Tigers Veterans, it inspired the start of his military memorabilia collecting. Dann’s collection and passion for telling vet-erans’ stories continued to grow and shape the museum. Dann enjoyed every minute of life and I know that his spirit and his memory will be cherished by his family, friends, and many oth-ers throughout the community. 
f 
WINGS UP 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to not only congratulate the Florida Gulf Coast University (FGCU) women’s basketball team as they head to the NCAA tournament for the fifth time in seven seasons, but also to wish them continued suc-cess throughout the tournament. The Eagles fought hard to beat Jacksonville and clinch the Atlantic Sun Conference Tour-nament Championship. I congratulate Coach Karl Smesko and all of the players for their hard work this season—best of luck and con-tinue to make us proud. Wings up. 
f 
DARRIEN ESPINOZA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Darrien Espinoza for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Darrien Espinoza is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Darrien Espinoza is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Darrien Espinoza for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. RECOGNIZING AND CONGRATU-LATING RANDY AND DIANE FRYKBERG FOR THEIR SERVICE WITH THE NATIONAL SKI PA-TROL HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Randy and Diane Frykberg for their retirement from the National Ski Patrol after a combined 103 years of service. Through their exceptional leadership and steadfast devotion to their community, Diane and Randy have become an indispensable part of Northern Michigan. Since its founding in 1938, the National Ski Patrol has dedicated itself to serving the public and ensuring the safety of those who seek to enjoy outdoor recreation. It is currently com-prised of more than 26,000 members serving in over 600 different patrols. With 52 and 51 years of service respectively, Randy and Diane are one of only 14 husband-wife pairs to each devote over half a century to the safe-ty of their local community. Under the service of Randy and Diane, the team at Boyne Highlands was named the Out-standing Large Ski Patrol 2015–16, ranked first out of 127 patrols in the region and sec-ond nationally. Serving as Patrol Director at Boyne Highlands since 2012, Randy’s innova-tive leadership has led to wide success and recognition. Among these innovations include the Boyne Highlands Host Program—the first such program in the nation. He also created a relationship with Michigan State University College of Medicine, providing the opportunity for 3rd year students to shadow patrollers to study the field techniques and outdoor emer-gency care. Additionally, Randy was instru-mental in ensuring guest safety during an arson fire at the Highlands Lodge in Decem-ber of 2016. Outside of their service with the National Ski Patrol, Diane and Randy have two sons and own and operate a floral shop in Boyne City. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to congratulate Randy and Diane Frykberg for their combined 103 years of service to the people of Northern Michigan with the National Ski Patrol. Michiganders can take great pride in knowing the First District is home to such devoted indi-viduals. On behalf of my constituents, I wish Diane and Randy all the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO MARTIN M
ACDONALD FOR HIS INDUCTION INTO THE MISSOURI SPORTS HALL OF FAME 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Mr. Martin MacDonald for his induc-tion into the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame. Mr. MacDonald serves as the Director of Conservation for Bass Pro Shops, seeking to connect those who love the outdoors with the ideals of protecting wildlife and the habitat in which they live. He has worked with and as-sisted in the founding of several organizations that strive to promote conservation based poli-cies, including the Upper White River Basin Foundation. He serves on the James River Basin Partnership and is a board member at the Wonders of Wildlife National Museum and Aquarium. Being a prominent member of the conservation community, Mr. MacDonald works closely with the National Association of Fish and Wildlife agencies to determine how best to preserve and protect Missouri’s out-door resources. His record over the course of a twenty-plus year career has earned him spe-cial recognition from the National Association of State Park Directors as someone who is deeply committed to promoting the outdoors. This commitment to the ideals of conservation has now earned him a much-deserved spot in the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame. My highest appreciation goes to Mr. Mac-Donald for all the fine work he has done for southwest Missouri and to all the efforts he has made in the conservation and wildlife communities. My district is one that many folks enjoy hunting, fishing and the beauty of the outdoors and I know they join me in thanking Mr. MacDonald for all the great work he has accomplished throughout his career. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DEPART-MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY RESERVE SERVICE ACT 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Department of Home-land Security Reserve Service Act, a bill that establishes a reserve service for five agencies within the Department of Homeland Security: the United States Secret Service, Federal Pro-tective Service, Customs and Border Protec-tion, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and the Transportation Security Administra-tion. Personnel shortages in each of these agen-cies are well documented. Many current or former directors have made public statements linking personnel shortages to gaps in hiring processes, issues with retention of employees, and temporary or ongoing surges in need. The Department of Homeland Security Office of In-spector General, the U.S. Government Ac-countability Office, and the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform have issued reports spotlighting these issues. The implication is clear. Many agencies within the Department of Homeland Security lack the workforce necessary to carry out their critical missions during surges in need. These shortages are a matter of national security. By way of example, the United States Se-cret Service has faced hiring and retention issues for years. In August 2017, the Director asked Congress for additional funds because these shortages, coupled with surges in need, caused more than 1,000 agents work hun-dreds of hours of uncompensated overtime. Representatives J
ONKATKO (R–New York) and E
LIJAH CUMMINGS (D–MD) subsequently introduced a bill allowing the Secret Service to raise special agents’ salaries and overtime caps for 2017 and 2018. While I support the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MR8.018 E13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE303 March 13, 2018 
measure, it does not solve the larger issue. Also, repeatedly increasing and lowering sal-ary caps is inefficient and costly. There is precedent for reserve services in the Department of Homeland Security. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) responded to Hurricane Harvey, Hurri-cane Irma, Hurricane Jose, and Hurricane Maria by mobilizing temporary on-call reserv-ists and Cadre On-Call Response/Recovery (CORE) personnel to assist with rescue and recovery. The Department of Homeland Security Re-serve Service Act establishes adapts this model for other pervasive, yet unpredictable national security requirements. The bill estab-lishes a reserve service, comprised of skilled, ready-to-work former employees, including re-tirees that can be temporarily mobilized to fill personnel shortages and meet emergent de-mands. This reserve service allows components to be innovative in structure and application. While some positions could mirror existing ones, components are encouraged to find new ways to call upon a reservist’s skill set, in whole or in part. For example, if a retired United States Se-cret Service agent has expertise in planning for the United Nations General Assembly, but is not able or does not want to carry a gun and/or meet the physical demands required in some protective missions, they could fill a crit-ical planning role, freeing permanent per-sonnel or other gun carriers for other assign-ments. Under this bill agencies are urged to find innovative approaches that decouple skills held by reserve service members from those required of full-time employees. Rather than maintaining the status quo, this program represents an opportunity to curb costs by capitalizing on investments taxpayers and agencies have already made in the human capital of former employees while si-multaneously preserving institutional knowl-edge and experience. I urge my colleagues to join me in helping the Department of Homeland Security perform their mission critical duties of investigation, pa-trol, response, security, protection, recovery, and inspection by supporting this act. 
f 
MARIAH FERNANDEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Mariah Fernandez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Mariah Fernandez is a student at Arvada K–8 and received this award because her de-termination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Mariah Fernandez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mariah Fernandez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. f 
TRIBUTE TO CITY OF FLORENCE, ALABAMA COMMEMORATING THE 200TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MO BROOKS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I recognize the great City of Florence, Alabama, as it celebrates its 200th Anniversary. I am honored to serve the people of Florence, which is located in Ala-bama’s 5th District. By way of background, on March 12, 1818, General John Coffee saw the potential for a settlement on the banks of the Tennessee River, and he founded Florence, Alabama. General Coffee led the Cypress Land Com-pany, and these visionaries established what they envisioned as a bold, new prosperous settlement. At this time, these founding fathers of Flor-ence commissioned an Italian surveyor named Ferdinand Sannoner. In deciding on a name for the new settlement, he named it Florence after the beautiful and historic city of Florence, Italy. Through the years, the city grew steadily and many businesses and educational institu-tions were established in Florence. The city became known for having a legacy of industry, music and the arts, education, and architec-ture. Today, Florence stands as a testament to the Tennessee Valley’s rich heritage, and I am proud to celebrate Florence today. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating the City of Florence on this momentous occasion of its 200th Anniversary and wish the city the best for another 200 years. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DOROTHY R. (DOTTIE) SPINDLE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of Fairfax County’s leading citi-zens, Dottie Spindle, who is retiring as Sec-retary of The 123 Club after 27 years of serv-ice. The 123 Club was formed over 30 years ago by a group of Northern Virginia Business Leaders who were interested in promoting economic development in Northern Virginia and George Mason University. Since that time, Fairfax County has blossomed into one of the most vibrant business corridors in the nation, and George Mason University has grown to house over 35,000 students at the graduate and undergraduate level, making it the largest University in Virginia. Through the last 27 years, Dottie Spindle has served as Secretary (a volunteer position), coordinating meetings, reaching out to speak-ers, and keeping the books on an evolving membership of movers and shakers across Northern Virginia. The 123 Club has hosted Governors, Senators, Congressmen, State Legislators, Cabinet officers and leaders in economic academia. Though membership has changed, along with a growing and diverse business establishment, Dottie Spindle has been the one constant, holding together a band of eclectic community leaders and scheduling meetings, ensuring quorums and keeping the group together. A long time employee of Dewberry, a large engineering firm in Fairfax, Dottie has an-nounced her well-earned retirement, and will be stepping down this spring from both enti-ties. The 123 Club and the citizens of Fairfax County will greatly miss her, as she has made a substantial mark serving behind the scenes. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Dottie Spindle for her contributions to our community. f 
COMMEMORATING WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 31st observance of March as Women’s History Month. I want to list several women who made his-tory with their election to the U.S. House of Representatives: 1. Congresswoman Jeanette Rankin of Montana who was the first elected woman member of the House of Representatives; 2. Congresswoman Patsy Mink of Hawaii was the first woman of color and the first Asian American woman elected to Congress; 3. Congresswoman Shirley Anita Chisholm of New York who was the first African-Amer-ican Congresswoman member of the House of Representatives; and 4. Congresswoman I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN  whom we have the honor of working with is the first Hispanic woman elected to serve in Congress; 5. Senator T
AMMY BALDWIN of Wisconsin is from the LGBTQ community to serve in this body and the first to serve in the United States Senate; and 6. N
ANCY PELOSI , the first woman elected Speaker of the House of Representatives. National Women’s History Month can be traced back to March 8, 1857, when women from New York City factories staged a protest over working conditions. International Women’s Day was first ob-served in 1909. In 1981, Congress passed a law authorizing the President to proclaim March 7, 1982 as ‘‘Women’s History Week.’’ It was a modest beginning, but very signifi-cant to women because it started a societal and cultural change in how women—and es-pecially young girls—saw themselves within American story. In 1987, Congress expanded the week to a month and every year since, Congress has passed a resolution for Women’s History Month, and the President has issued a procla-mation. This month we recognize Women’s History Month by noting the fundamental role women have played in shaping America’s history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MR8.022 E13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE304 March 13, 2018 
But a month is not enough to make known the significant contributions of women to the success of the United States of America. We taught our girls about ‘Rosie the Riveter’ who represented the millions of American women who went to work on assembly lines to manufacture tanks, planes, and weapons for the defense of this nation during World War II. America has been blessed to have the con-tributions of American women heroes in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM). Women like Sally Kristen Ride, the first women sent into space; Eileen Marie Collins, the first women space shuttle pilot; and Grace Murray Hopper, an American computer sci-entist and United States Navy rear admiral. Admiral Hopper developed the first compiler for a computer programming language, which made it possible to program computers with-out using punch cards. There are many women in the State of Texas and in the city of Houston who have made significant contributions to the American story: 1. Congresswoman Barbara Jordan of Texas was the first African American woman elected to the House of Representatives; 2. Kathryn ‘‘Kathy’’ Whitmire was the first woman elected to serve in the Houston City government; and 3. Mae Carol Jemison was the first African American woman astronaut. I was proud to have been a cosponsor of the ‘‘National Women’s History Commission Act,’’ signed into law by President Barack Obama in December 2014 and which estab-lished a commission to study the potential for creating a National Women’s History Museum and submit to the President and Congress a report containing recommendations on a plan of action for the establishment and mainte-nance of a National Women’s History Museum in Washington, D.C. The Commission delivered its report to Con-gress in November 2016 which contains the following recommendations: 1. America deserves a physical national mu-seum dedicated to integrating women’s dis-tinctive contributions into our culture and his-tory. 2. The Museum should be built on a highly prominent location close to other museums on or very close to the National Mall. 3. The Museum should be composed of a strong permanent collection with supplemental exhibits or objects on loan from other muse-ums and archives, including components of the Smithsonian. I agree and that is why I strongly support and am an original co-sponsor of H.R. 19, the ‘‘Women’s History Museum Act,’’ which estab-lishes a comprehensive women’s history mu-seum within the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC to provide for the collection, study, and establishment of programs related to women’s contributions that have influenced the direction of the United States. A National Women’s History Museum is needed to ensure that when the story of our nation is told that the role of women is rep-resented in the narrative of our nation. But there is much that remains to be done to ensure that women receive the same op-portunities as their male counterparts and are equally represented in the public, civic, and economic life of the nation. Women represent more than 50 percent of the population and cast more than 50 percent of the votes in the last several national elec-tions but no woman has yet been elected to serve as President or Vice-President of the United States, although Hillary Clinton made history by becoming the first woman to win the nomination of a major political party and won 65,853,516 votes, nearly 3 million more than her opponent, the current President. Today, on average women still make only 77 cents for every dollar made by men and this gap is wider for African American and His-panic women. Nearly two-thirds of minimum-wage workers are women. The poverty rate—14.5 percent for women—remains the highest in two decades. Family and medical leave protections fail to cover nearly half of full-time employees. Women-owned businesses continue to lag behind men-owned businesses. The average revenue of women-owned businesses is only 27 percent of the average revenue of men- owned businesses. Mr. Speaker, Democrats know that when women succeed, America succeeds. That is why in July 2013, House Democrats unveiled ‘‘When Women Succeed, America Succeeds: An Economic Agenda for Women and Families.’’ This agenda addresses the need to ensure that women get equal pay for equal work. It helps ensure work and family balance by allowing working parents to support their fami-lies and care for their children. And it recognizes that expanding edu-cational opportunities, increased job training, and investments in women entrepreneurs are essential for women’s success in our econ-omy. American women have made great strides over the last 100 years—but the fight for equal opportunity and to provide women with the economic security and opportunities they de-serve and their families need is far from over. We cannot rest until all of America’s moth-ers, wives, and daughters truly have the same opportunities as America’s fathers, husbands, and sons. 
f 
STATE OF MINNESOTA RESPONDS TO PRESIDENT’S FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET PROPOSAL 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I recently held a hearing in St. Paul, Minnesota’s capital city, to receive feedback on President Trump’s fiscal year 2019 budget proposal. I am deeply appreciative for the input from the State of Minnesota, the University of Minnesota, Ramsey County, Washington County, the City of Saint Paul, and vital nonprofits like Lutheran Social Services, Clean Water Action, the Alz-heimer’s Association, Habitat for Humanity, Community Action Agencies, the Sierra Club, and the Minnesota Council on Nonprofits. The testimony I heard was clear and unam-biguous, the President’s budget will harm every aspect of our community—students, seniors, low-income families, housing, the en-vironment, refugees, and the list goes on and on. If a White House intentionally wanted to write a budget that shredded vital services to communities and essential services to school districts, local governments and state agencies this is that destructive, dangerous document. As this Republican Congress limps along trying to finish work on the fiscal year 2018 federal budget (nearly six months past the start of the fiscal year), we are now starting appropriations work for 2019. I expect there to be largely bipartisan agreement that President Trump’s budget will be largely rejected in favor of some bipartisan common sense, if such a thing exists anymore. I include in the RECORD the following testi-mony from Eric Hallstrom, Deputy Commis-sioner, Minnesota Management and Budget and it clearly articulates what is at risk in our state if Mr. Trump’s backwards agenda is ad-vanced: 
Good Morning. For the record, my name is Eric Hallstrom and I am Deputy Commis-sioner at Minnesota Management and Budg-et, the state’s budget agency. On behalf of Governor Dayton and the State of Min-nesota, thank you for the opportunity to provide comments on the president’s budget proposal. Federal budget decisions have a direct im-pact on the services Minnesotans receive. In considering the budget proposal, we appre-ciate your attention to the profound effects federal budget and fiscal policy decisions have on the State of Minnesota. The presi-dent’s budget contains deep cuts in programs that have a disproportionate impact on the most vulnerable Minnesotans, including chil-dren, the elderly, and those living in pov-erty. As you are aware, at the state government level we adopt balanced budgets on a two- year cycle. We make budget decisions based on revenue projections that look out two and four years into the future. Governor Dayton has spent the last seven years working hard to right out state’s fiscal ship by ensuring Minnesota’s budget is balanced. Under Gov Dayton’s leadership, we corrected the 6 bil-lion dollar deficit left by the previous admin-istration. We restored the state’ s credit rat-ings to be some of the highest in the nation. And nine out of the last ten budget forecasts showed positive balances, compared to the decade of deficits before Governor Dayton took office. While we always face risk that our revenue projections will fluctuate, we are seeing more uncertainty and risk at what we can expect in federal funding levels than at any other point in recent history. The President’s Fiscal Year 2019 budget cuts domestic programs by a total of $3.6 trillion. In the absence of substantial new spending by the State, the consequences of these cuts would be an increase in hunger, poverty and inequality in Minnesota. The President’s budget cuts would undermine the well-being of children and families, lead to increases to Minnesota’s uninsured rate and homeless population. These cuts will result in our land and waterways being less clean, our economic progress will be slowed, and education opportunities will be denied to many Minnesotans. In order to avoid these outcomes, the cuts would shift costs to the state. Yet even if the State of Minnesota at-tempts to bear as much of the burden as it can, we will simply not be able to make up for the cuts outlined in the president’s dra-conian proposal. With the limited time I have, I’d like to discuss a few major areas of the state budget that will experience the most severe im-pacts. First I will start with health and human services. Health and Human Services: Over the next decade, the president’s budget calls for cut-ting more than $800 billion from Medicaid— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MR8.024 E13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE305 March 13, 2018 
the federal health program for lower income and persons with disabilities—as well as $192 billion from nutritional assistance and $272 billion over all from anti-poverty programs. These cuts create an enormous shortfall in Minnesota’s state budget, taking away bil-lions of dollars per year in federal Medicaid matching funds. The budget would rescind the ACA’s Med-icaid expansion and replace it with a plan similar to the Graham-Cassidy bill that failed in the Senate last year. These changes would create Medicaid block grants to states and a per person spending cap-in effect cut-ting spending and taking billions of dollars per year away from Minnesota in federal Medicaid matching funds. To make up for these losses, the state would be faced with making difficult decisions to reduce health care eligibility or benefits to make up for the shortfall. These options make coverage uncertain for over 1 million Minnesotans currently under Medical Assistance (MA), Minnesota’s Medicaid program, and the 100,000 Minnesotans who purchased low-cost coverage through MinnesotaCare. Medicaid cuts of this level will also have a significant impact on Minnesota schools. School districts and charter schools rely heavily on Medicaid reimbursements to pro-vide federally mandated services to students with disabilities. An estimated $46 million of federal reimbursements is paid to Minnesota for these services annually. Any reduction will be absorbed by a reallocation of school district general education revenue or through increased burden on the state budg-et or local tax payers. The President’s budget cuts to the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, by 30 percent, or $213 billion over ten years. SNAP is the most effective anti-hun-ger program in our country and provides food to more than 645,000 low-income Min-nesota children, seniors, people with disabil-ities, and working families. Minnesota would lose $150 million per year and over a billion dollars over 10 years, causing low-income Minnesotans to lose or reduce their nutrition benefits. The President’s budget cuts Temporary As-sistance to Needy Families (TANF) by 10 per-cent, resulting in a loss of $25 million per year for some of the lowest income Min-nesota families. In 2017, an average of 95,000 people—more than 70 percent of them chil-dren—in 34,000 families are receiving assist-ance from the Minnesota Family Investment Program, our state’s TANF program. The following programs in the area of health and human services are completely eliminated by President Trump’s budget. To continue any of the services they provide, the state will have to backfill all of the fund-ing. Social Services Block Grants (SSBG), a program that funds child and adult protec-tive services in Minnesota, is eliminated. Minnesota receives $31 million from this pro-gram annually, 95 percent of which is pro-vided to counties and tribes for direct serv-ices for vulnerable children and adults. Community Services Block Grants (CSBG) is eliminated. The program funds commu-nity action programs that serve every coun-ty in Minnesota by providing locally-defined solutions to address poverty. In 2015, more than 514,000 Minnesotans were served by these funds. Low-Income Home Energy As-sistance Program (LIHEAP) is eliminated. In federal FY 2017, Minnesota received $114 mil-lion in federal funds from LIHEAP and served nearly 320,000 Minnesotans. The impact of these cuts on the most vul-nerable Minnesotans cannot be emphasized enough. However, for the sake of time, I will now briefly touch on the budget proposal’s impact on the state in several critical areas, including education, infrastructure, housing, the environment, and agriculture. Education: All children in Minnesota de-pend on access to a great education for good jobs and a bright future. Governor Dayton has prioritized investments in education every year he has served as governor, includ-ing paying back our schools, increased in-vestments in the K12 funding formula, fund-ing all-day kindergarten across the state, funding pre-K programs for our youngest learners, and investing in our institutions of higher education. Once again, the president’s budget threat-ens to undo much of this progress. The pro-posal includes an $8 billion or 12 percent cut from FY18 continuing resolution to the U.S. Department of Education. These cuts in-clude: The elimination of 29 programs with an an-nual reduction of $5.9 billion (from FFY 17) The cancellation of $1.6 billion of unobli-gated balances in the Pell Grant program. A few of the programs that the president’s budget completely eliminates include: Supporting Effective Instruction State Grants: Which provided Minnesota $31.5 mil-lion that went to Minnesota schools. 21st Century Community Learning Cen-ters: Minnesota currently receives about $12.2 million that programs programming at 108 community and school-based centers. In the 2015–16 school year the programs service 23,517 students attending 384 different schools, including public, private, charter, and BIE schools. Federal Supplemental Educational Oppor-tunity Grant (FSEOG) Program, a campus- based federal grant for undergraduates with exceptional financial need. In Minnesota in 2014 through 2015, approximately 27,000 post-secondary students received approximately $19 million of these funds: Department of Education GEAR UP Pro-gram, which provides funding for services at high-poverty middle and high schools to help students succeed and prepare for college. In Minnesota, over 61 ,000 students would lose valuable support for postsecondary prepara-tion and access, 158 schools and over 40 high-er education partners would be impacted, and about 20 full time employees would be out of a job. Again, this list is not exhaustive, but in-stead only illustrates some of the crucial so-cial and economic programs that the presi-dent’s budget eliminates. Infrastructure/Transit: Turning to Infra-structure and Transportation. Throughout his time as governor, Mark Dayton has pro-posed honest, straightforward policies to fix Minnesota’s aging and under-funded trans-portation systems. The economic success of the state hinges on long-term vision and planning of our infrastructure. The governor welcomes a discussion on increased invest-ments in infrastructure and the state stands ready to use increased funding on worthy projects. However, the president’s budget is short- sighted and would significantly underfund critical projects. The budget flips the tradi-tional source of federal funding for capital construction from a 20 percent state match to an 80 percent state match. Under this sce-nario, Minnesota would have trouble finding competitive projects. Critical to several ongoing transit projects across the metro area, the President’s budg-et proposes to fund only those projects with-in the Federal Transit Administration’s Cap-ital Investment Grant Program (CIG) that already have existing full funding grant agreements. This policy would prohibit the extension of the Green Line (Southwest LRT), the Blue Line (Bottineau LRT) and Orange Line (Bus Rapid Transit). The CIG program supports and generates regional economic growth, connects workers to em-ployers, relieves congestion, and improves urban air quality. The President’s FY2019 budget proposal would essentially stop any of these projects from moving forward by eliminating funding for projects that are in the Capital Investment Grant pipeline but have not yet secured federal funding agree-ments. Housing: More than 554,000 Minnesota households struggle to afford quality hous-ing, a 58 percent increase since 2000. Under Governor Dayton’s leadership, public and private investments totaling more than $5 billion has helped nearly 325,000 low-and moderate-income households. He established a task force on housing and has worked to find consensus on policies to help alleviate Minnesota’s housing challenges. Significant work has yet to be done and the cuts to af-fordable housing that are outlined in the president’s budget would take us backward. They would significantly impact the sta-bility of the most vulnerable households in Minnesota and would increase the state’s homeless population. The President’s budget includes an 11 per-cent decrease in Section 8 program funding. Minnesota Housing manages Section 8 project-based rental assistance on behalf of the federal government. In FY 2016, this funding assisted nearly 32,000 households with median incomes of $12,000, 48 percent who are seniors, and 22 percent are families with children. Housing choice vouchers as-sist another 31,000 households. In addition to cuts, the budget proposal would significantly strain low-income households by increasing the share of income paid towards rent and eliminating utility reimbursements. The president’s budget completely elimi-nates the several programs that provide funding for affordable housing services, pri-marily within the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). A few exam-ples include: The HUD HOME Investment Partnership, the Low-Income Weatherization Assistance Program at the Department of Energy, and as mentioned earlier, the Community Develop1nent Block Grant. These programs have collectively provided roughly $68 mil-lion to Minnesota for affordable rental hous-ing, home rehabilitation, and energy effi-ciency improvements for low-income family homes. In addition, the Interagency Council on Homelessness would be eliminated, which would jeopardize Minnesota’s recent suc-cesses in effectively ending veteran’s home-lessness as well as our 17 percent drops in family homelessness between 2014 and 2015. Environment: In the area of environmental policy, Governor Dayton has been consistent and outspoken in advocating for climate change prevention, the importance of clean water, and the adverse impacts President Trump’s presidency has been on recent progress. The budget’s attempt to gut the EPA and funding to states is another step in the wrong direction. Even as the Trump Administration con-tinues to roll back a decade of hard-fought progress, Governor Dayton has made it clear that Minnesota will not flinch. We will show the nation what can be achieved by working together to solve the challenges facing our people, our economy, and our environment. We will share best practices with other states, and work with them to mitigate the damaging impacts of the President’s dan-gerous and divisive policies. As the ranking member of the Interior-En-vironment Appropriations Subcommittee, we sincerely appreciate your efforts to relay Governor Dayton’s concerns over the presi-dent’s enormous cuts to the EPA and pro-grams it supports. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR8.025 E13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE306 March 13, 2018 
The Environmental Protection Agency is cut by 23 percent in the President’s budget, which equates to a severe 54 percent cut to the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency (MPCA). The impact to the state would be a loss $11.1 million in the 2019 federal fiscal year. These grants provide continuing envi-ronmental program funding for all areas of work at the MPCA. Programs proposed for elimination at EPA include the Nonpoint Source Implementation Program which tar-gets local watershed studies and implemen-tation projects to reduce or eliminate sources of water quality pollution from dif-fuse sources; Pollution Prevention Program which targets source reductions; and Under-ground Storage Tank (UST) Program that targets permitting and compliance activities for regulated USTs. Included in the cuts to the EPA, the Presi-dent’s budget reduces the Brownfield pro-grams by 33 percent, limiting redevelopment and restoration of land to commercial uses. The president’s budget also cuts the EPA’s Great Lakes Restoration Initiative by 90 per-cent. The program supports restoring and protecting watersheds in eight states sur-rounding the Great Lakes that provide drinking water for over 40 million Americans and drives a $62 billion annual economy of fishing, boating and recreational activities. The Minnesota Department of National Re-sources and the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency receive Restoration Initiative fund-ing for the following activities: Annual grants for prevention and manage-ment of Aquatic Invasive Species in the Great Lakes Basin ($800,000), Habitat restoration and remedial action plan implementation activities in the St. Louis River Area of Concern Project ($4.5 million grant), and Lake management activities to protect water quality in Lake Superior Basin through efforts to reduce impairments and toxic chemicals ($896,000). In addition, the Coastal Zone Management program through National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration is cut by 20 per-cent. The program funds $972,000 annually for protecting streams and rivers in the Great Lakes area. Agriculture: Agriculture is a cornerstone of Minnesota’s economy, providing more than 400,000 jobs and $121 billion in economic activity. The President’s FY2019 budget pro-poses a 16 percent reduction in USDA discre-tionary spending and showcases a lack of un-derstanding about what is important to rural America and the agriculture economy. The budget seeks to weaken the safety net of crop insurance during a time of low com-modity prices putting our rural economies at risk. Crop insurance provides farmers with the security they need to increase yields, im-prove efficiencies, and stay competitive in world markets. The President’s budget calls for steep cuts to premium subsidies and ex-cludes producers with an Adjusted Gross In-come of more than $500,000. These budget and policy changes will harm Minnesota’s agricultural economy. We are hopeful that the next Farm Bill will focus on fostering a robust farm and rural economy, maintaining a strong nutrition title, and prioritizing conservation and water quality programs. On behalf of Governor Dayton, the execu-tive branch of the State of Minnesota, and the millions of Minnesotans served by the state, please voice your opposition to these cuts in the President’s budget, as well as any other draconian cuts to programs that Min-nesotans rely on. Moving forward, we are available to work with you and others to en-sure that the 2019 federal budget is a fair ap-proach for the services upon which Minneso-tans depend. Thank you for the opportunity to provide these remarks. FINDLAY NAMED TOP MICROPOLITAN COMMUNITY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Findlay, Ohio for being named the 2018 Top Micropolitan Community in the United States. Awarded by Site Selection magazine, Findlay has now received this recognition as the top city for business for four straight years. To qualify, a micropolitan city must have a population ranging from 10,000 to 50,000. Site Selection judged 575 of these cities on busi-ness growth and sustainable success. In total-ity, Findlay listed 21 projects that met Site Se-lection’s criteria leading to its fourth straight first-place finish. It is a team effort top to bottom that has led the way to Findlay’s consistent success. I commend Mayor Lydia Mihalik, the Findlay- Hancock County Economic Development of-fice, the Hancock County Commissioners, and the entire community for everything they’ve done to top the charts once again. Mr. Speaker, the ‘Findlay Formula’ has an established track record that meant to cultivate growth and prosperity for the community. With their business-friendly environment, I have no doubt that Findlay will be at the top again next year. Congratulations once again to Findlay for being named the country’s No. 1 Micropolitan Community. 
f 
CENTENNIAL OF UPPER ARLINGTON, OHIO 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of Ohio’s 15th Congres-sional District to recognize the centennial of Upper Arlington, Ohio. Since King and Ben Thompson formed the Upper Arlington Com-pany and purchased the original 840 acres, Upper Arlington has been a hub of activity in Central Ohio, reminding us of much of our na-tion’s history and entrepreneurial spirit. In 1913, the Thompson brothers saw the value of the Country Club District—as it was originally named—and believed it to be the ideal location for a residential community. The brothers were not alone in their assessment, and their efforts were temporarily halted in 1916 when the National Guard employed the area as a training camp, Camp Willis. Despite this, they persisted, and the village was incor-porated in March of 1918. Following its incorporation and based on its strategic location east of Columbus, the area grew rapidly in its earliest years. In the 1920s, Upper Arlington reaffirmed its commitment to the entrepreneurial spirit, and the Mallway business district was developed. Professional office spaces and retail businesses sprung up along Upper Arlington Avenue. Today, Upper Arlington remains a wonderful place to work, live, and raise a family. I am grateful for the leadership of Mayor Kip Greenhill, the Members of the City Council, and all of the neighbors and friends who have maintained Upper Arlington’s strong commit-ment to community. I am honored to represent this city, where the core values of our nation are exemplified. This is a place with a Cherished Past and a Golden Future, and I ask my colleagues to join me in commemorating the centennial of Upper Arlington, Ohio. f 
IN HONOR OF SPRING GARDEN WINNING AHSAA CLASS 1A HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL TITLE 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Spring Garden High School Varsity Girls for winning the Alabama High School Athletic Association (AHSAA) Class 1A basketball state title. The Panthers beat the Phillips Bears 52–38 on March 1, 2018 at the Legacy Arena at the BJCC in Birmingham, Alabama. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating the students and faculty of Spring Gar-den High School, the coaches, the players and all the Panthers fans on this exciting achievement! Go Panthers. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE SINKING OF THE USS ‘‘HOUSTON’’ 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring your attention to a memo-rial ceremony for the men who served aboard the USS Houston (CA–30) held this month in Sam Houston Park in my hometown of Hous-ton. Descendants of the sailors and Marines of the ‘‘Flagship’’ of the U.S. Asiatic Fleet that was sunk by Imperial Japanese Naval forces on March 1, 1942 which honored their bravery and determination. Seventy-six years ago, the American heavy cruiser USS Houston (CA–30) and Australian light cruiser HMAS Perth, outnumbered and outgunned by an Imperial Japanese Navy Bat-tle Fleet, fought to the last in the Sunda Strait between Sumatra and Java. Both went down with their captains aboard and their guns still firing. Nearly 1,000 Allied servicemen per-ished. It marked the end of the U.S. Asiatic Fleet and the naval forces of the American- British-Dutch-Australian (ABDA) Command. As the crews abandoned the sinking ships, Japanese sailors machine-gunned the decks and the men in the oil-soaked sea. Only 368 sailors and Marines, including four Chinese stewards and mess attendants from the Hous- ton, made it to shore where they were taken as POWs of Japan. Some were held in a POW camp on Java, eight officers were sent to Japan to corporate POW camps, and others to the infamous Changi Prison in Singapore. Most, 220 of the survivors were shipped to Burma to be slave laborers constructing the Thai-Burma Death Railway. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13MR8.026 E13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE307 March 13, 2018 
For the next three and one-half years, the surviving men of the Houston and Perth suf- fered together through humiliation, degrada-tion, physical and mental torture, starvation and horrible tropical diseases. Only 291 men from the Houston’s complement of 1008, and 214 of the Perth’s complement of 681, re-turned home after the War. This shared his-tory speaks to the American spirit and grit as well as to our enduring alliance with Australia. Back in Houston, Texas, news of the de-struction of the warship hit the city hard. The result was a mass recruiting drive for volun-teers to replace the lost crew. On Memorial Day 1942, a crowd of nearly 200,000 wit-nessed 1,000 ‘‘Houston Volunteers’’ inducted into the Navy. An accompanying bond drive raised over $85 million, enough to pay for a new cruiser and an aircraft carrier, the USS San Jacinto. According to a 1949 Houston Chronicle arti-cle commemorating the event, word of the ship’s fate ‘‘aroused a fever pitch of patriot-ism’’ in the city. ‘‘Her loss made the war something more of a personal conflict to more than half a million people,’’ the article reads. ‘‘Official news of her destruction . . . slapped the city squarely between the eyes, and set off a series of events that stands unequaled in the nation.’’ So this week, we pause to remember the brave men of the USS Houston (CA–30) who inspired their country and who gave so much to fight tyranny in the Pacific. They who ‘‘Still Stand Watch Over Sunda Strait’’ represent our enduring commmitment to liberty. And I thank the American Defenders of Bataan and Cor-regidor Memorial Society and the USS Hous-ton CA–30 Survivors’ Association and Next Generations for ensuring that the sacrifice and lessons of this greatest generation is remem-bered and honored. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE ROTARY CLUB OF LANCASTER, OHIO 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of Ohio’s 15th Congres-sional District to celebrate the 100th Anniver-sary of the Rotary Club of Lancaster, Ohio. From its founding in 1918 in the parlor of the New Martens Hotel, countless members of our Lancaster community have been called by the Club’s motto ‘‘Service above Self,’’ to spread goodwill to their neighbors. The impact of this organization throughout the 15th District is immeasurable; like a pebble dropped in a pond, the ripples are far-reaching. Over the past century, the Lancaster Rotary Club has been involved in numerous initiatives and projects benefitting not only their commu-nity, but the furthest corners of the globe. From supporting local students with a scholar-ship fund that honors the late Dr. Jacob Sims, to fundraising for PolioPlus and supporting the development of Operation Smile, the Lan-caster Rotary Club has made the Fairfield County community and the world a better place. Today, the Lancaster Rotary Club works to foster cultural understanding and bring people together. Each year, the Rotary hosts and helps to subsidize foreign exchange students who attend Lancaster area high schools, and promotes Group Study Exchanges between international Rotary Districts. I am extremely grateful to all those involved for their contin-ued efforts. Again, I wish to congratulate President David Uhl and the entire Lancaster Rotary Club upon this historic milestone, and convey my most sincere appreciation for their ability to place ‘‘Service above Self.’’ f 
AMERICAN HELLENIC INSTITUTE LETTER TO PRESIDENT TRUMP REGARDING TURKEY’S CONTIN-UED AGGRESSIVE ACTIONS IN THE EASTERN MEDITERRANEAN 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 13, 2018 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the American Hellenic Institute regarding Turkey’s continued dan-gerous actions in the eastern Mediterranean and broader region that threaten regional se-curity and U.S. interests. As one of the co- chairs of the Congressional Hellenic Caucus, I have advocated for the rights of Greece and Cyprus against the intimidating actions of Tur-key. Since Turkey’s Presidential referendum vote, Erdogan’s government continues to ig-nore and violate long-standing international law and treaties—a threat to regional security and an impediment to regional interests, sta-bility, and prosperity. As we have done times before, we must continue to condemn these acts of aggression and renew our call for President Erdogan’s government to demonstrate to the international community that it is committed to all inter-national laws and agreements. Additionally, the United States and our strategic regional al-lies must be better prepared to respond quick-ly and forcefully to transgression of inter-national law from any nation including NATO ally Turkey through targeted sanctions and for-eign aid restrictions. 
President D ONALD J. T RUMP , President of the United States, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. PRESIDENT : On behalf of the na-tionwide membership of the American Hel-lenic Institute (AHI), I write to urge the U.S. government to condemn strongly the acts of Turkish provocation and aggression in the eastern Mediterranean and broader region that have dire implications to U.S. security interests. During this month alone, Turkey’s antago-nistic behavior—or ‘‘gunboat diplomacy’’—in the Aegean Sea against NATO partner Greece, and bellicose threats to EU member Republic of Cyprus’ sovereign right to ex-plore for natural gas with its exclusive eco-nomic zone (EEZ), were taken to new dan-gerous heights. In fact, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatened Greece, Cyprus, and international oil and gas compa-nies, warning them not to ‘‘step out of line.’’ Furthermore, Turkey’s acts of provocation have also been directed at the United States. With regard to the Aegean Sea, a Turkish coastguard vessel collided with a stationary Greek coastguard vessel near the Greek is-land of Imia, on February 12, 2018. Video footage of the incident has since been re-leased and shows damage to the Greek ves-sel’s stern. In addition, Turkey continues to violate Greece’s airspace. According to press reports, 33 Turkish aircraft have violated Greece’s airspace during the first twelve days of February 2018. Combined with what transpired on the seas, these are very serious incidents that risk placing lives in harm’s way and violate international law. With regard to Cyprus and implications to the potential for energy security, Turkish warships harassed the surveying vessel of Italian oil company Eni and threatened on February 23, 2018 to sink it in the exclusive economic zone of Cyprus. According to press reports, Eni’s ship was forced to make ma-neuvers to avoid a collision after the Italian captain’s request to the Turkish vessel to change course went unanswered. The Republic of Cyprus has the sovereign right under international law to explore and exploit its natural resources within its ex-clusive economic zone. The United States has stated repeatedly it supports Cyprus’ sovereign right to explore energy in its off-shore areas, most recently by a State De-partment Spokesperson earlier this month. ‘‘The United States recognizes the right of the Republic of Cyprus to develop its re-sources in its Exclusive Economic Zone,’’ the spokesperson said, adding, ‘‘the island’s oil and gas resources, like all of its resources, should be equitably shared between both communities in the context of an overall set-tlement. Furthermore, Turkish aggression in Cyprus’ EEZ presents an endangerment to U.S. companies, such as ExxonMobil and Noble Energy, who have been, or will be, working to explore for hydrocarbons in the eastern Mediterranean. Moreover, Turkey continues to dem-onstrate it is not a true and dependable U.S. and NATO ally. President Erdogan threat-ened United States military forces with an ‘‘Ottoman slap’’ if they continued to partner with Syrian Kurds. Turkey’s military cam-paign against the Kurds in Syria places U.S. troops in Manbij at risk of peril at the hands of a NATO partner. Further, Turkey’s $2.5 billion purchase of four divisions of S–400 surface-to-air missiles from Russia has raised concern among NATO partners and potentially subjects Turkey to U.S. sanc-tions based upon the recently-enacted Coun-tering America’s Adversaries Through Sanc-tions Act (CAATSA), according to a U.S. ad-ministration official. Mr. President, Turkey is a significant force of instability and a failed U.S. ally. Histori-cally, this has been the case; however, Tur-key demonstrated this yet again in the short span of three weeks this month. Turkey’s ag-gressive and provocative actions directed at the United States and U.S. allies, Greece and Cyprus, are overt, egregious and dangerous. I urge the administration to act to uphold the rule of law and to call on Turkey, the provocateur of these tensions, to cease and desist with its aggressive actions that are a threat to peace and stability and are not in the best interests of the United States. Sincerely, N
ICKLARIGAKIS , President. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13MR8.030 E13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D259 Tuesday, March 13, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1645–S1693 Measures Introduced: Five bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 2539–2543, and S. Res. 433.
                                                                Pages S1686–88 
Measures Reported: Report to accompany S. 1015, to require the Fed-eral Communications Commission to study the feasi-bility of designating a simple, easy-to-remember di-aling code to be used for a national suicide preven-tion and mental health crisis hotline system. (S. Rept. No. 115–213)
                                                Page S1686 
Measures Passed: Nick Castle Peace Corps Reform Act: Senate passed S. 2286, to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and services for Peace Corps volunteers, after agreeing to the committee amendments, and the following amendment pro-posed thereto:
                                                      Pages S1688–93 
Rounds (for Corker) Amendment No. 2209, to re-quire the Director of the Peace Corps to notify and consult with the Committees on Appropriations be-fore opening, closing, significantly reducing, or sus-pending a domestic or overseas office or country pro-gram.
                                                                        Pages S1691–93 
Measures Considered: Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Con-sumer Protection Act—Agreement: Senate contin-ued consideration of S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and en-hance consumer protections, taking action on the fol-lowing amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S1646–56, S1656–84 
Pending: McConnell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 2151, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Page S1646 
Crapo Amendment No. 2152 (to Amendment No. 2151), of a perfecting nature.
                              Page S1646 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, the post- cloture time on McConnell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 2151 (listed above), expire at 3:45 p.m., on Wednesday, March 14, 2018; and that if cloture is invoked on the bill, the time count as if invoked at midnight, on Wednesday, March 14, 2018.                                                                                Page S1693 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, March 14, 2018.
                                                                                Page S1693 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: Gilbert B. Kaplan, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade.
                                                                      Pages S1684–85 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S1685–86 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1686–88 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S1688 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S1688 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1688 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1688 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, March 14, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1693.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States Central Command and United States Africa Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiv-ing testimony from General Joseph L. Votel, USA, Commander, United States Central Command, and General Thomas D. Waldhauser, USMC, Com-mander, United States Africa Command, both of the Department of Defense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MR8.REC D13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD260 March 13, 2018 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Cyber-security concluded a hearing to examine the cyber posture of the Services in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program, after receiving testi-mony from Vice Admiral Michael M. Gilday, USN, Commander, United States Fleet Cyber Command, and Commander, United States Tenth Fleet, Lieuten-ant General Paul M. Nakasone, USA, Commanding General, United States Army Cyber Command, Major General Loretta E. Reynolds, USMC, Com-mander, Marine Forces Cyberspace Command, and Major General Christopher P. Weggeman, USAF, Commander, Twenty-fourth Air Force, and Com-mander, Air Forces Cyber, all of the Department of Defense. NEXT GENERATION BROADBAND Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Communications, Technology, Innova-tion, and the Internet concluded a hearing to exam-ine rebuilding infrastructure in America, focusing on investing in next generation broadband, after receiv-ing testimony from Mayor Gary Resnick, Wilton Manors, Florida; Steven K. Berry, Competitive Car-riers Association, and Brad Gillen, CTIA, both of Washington, D.C.; Robert DeBroux, TDS Tele-communications, LLC, Madison, Wisconsin; and Mi-chael Romano, NTCA—The Rural Broadband Asso-ciation, Arlington, Virginia. STATE AND LOCAL TRANSPORTATION NEEDS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security concluded a hearing to examine rebuilding infrastructure in America, focusing on state and local transportation needs, after receiving testimony from Kyle Schneweis, Nebraska Department of Transportation, Lincoln; Jordan Kass, C.H. Robinson, Chicago, Illi-nois; Jo E. Strang, American Short Line and Re-gional Railroad Association, Washington, D.C.; and Daniel P. Gilmartin, Michigan Municipal League, Ann Arbor, on behalf of the National League of Cit-ies. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR BUDGET Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for the De-partment of the Interior, after receiving testimony from Ryan Zinke, Secretary of the Interior. STATE FRAGILITY, GROWTH, AND DEVELOPMENT Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine state fragility, growth, and de-velopment, focusing on designing policy approaches that work, after receiving testimony from David Cameron, Commission on State Fragility, Growth and Development, London, United Kingdom. FOIA REFORMS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Freedom of Information Act, focusing on the Administration’s progress on re-forms, including agency implementation of require-ments and the need to take additional action, after receiving testimony from Melanie Ann Pustay, Di-rector, Office of Information Policy, Department of Justice; Alina M. Semo, Director, Office of Govern-ment Information Services, National Archives and Records Administration; and David A. Powner, Di-rector, Information Technology Management Issues, Government Accountability Office. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5247–5267; and 8 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 114; and H. Res. 771–772, 774–778 were introduced.
                                                            Pages H1541–43 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1543–44 Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4293, to reform the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review process, the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test process, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–593); H.R. 1093, to require the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration and the Federal Transit Authority to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MR8.REC D13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D261 March 13, 2018 
provide appropriate Congressional notice of safety audits conducted with respect to railroads and rail transit agencies, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–594); H. Res. 773, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4545) to amend the Federal Financial In-stitutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to im-prove the examination of depository institutions, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1116) to require the Federal financial in-stitutions regulatory agencies to take risk profiles and business models of institutions into account when taking regulatory actions, and for other pur-poses; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4263) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to small company capital formation, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–595); and Report of the Joint Economic Committee on the 2018 Economic Report of the President (H. Rept. 115–596).
                                                                      Page H1541 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Donovan to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1509 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:25 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H1512 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:05 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:44 p.m.
                                                   Page H1512 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: State Veterans Home Adult Day Health Care Improvement Act: S. 324, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans;
                Pages H1513–15 
Endangered Fish Recovery Programs Extension Act: H.R. 4465, to maintain annual base funding for the Upper Colorado and San Juan fish recovery pro-grams through fiscal year 2023, to require a report on the implementation of those programs, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 392 yeas to 6 nays, Roll No. 103;
                                                             Pages H1515–16, H1529 
Directing the Secretary of Agriculture to trans-fer certain Federal land to facilitate scientific re-search supporting Federal space and defense pro-grams: H.R. 1800, to direct the Secretary of Agri-culture to transfer certain Federal land to facilitate scientific research supporting Federal space and de-fense programs;
                                                   Pages H1516–17 
Designating the bridge located in Blount Coun-ty, Tennessee, on the Foothills Parkway (commonly known as ‘‘Bridge 2’’) as the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’: H.R. 3469, to designate the bridge located in Blount County, Tennessee, on the Foothills Parkway (commonly known as ‘‘Bridge 2’’) as the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’;                                                     Pages H1517–18 
Acadia National Park Boundary Clarification Act: H.R. 4266, amended, to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park; and
                           Pages H1518–20 
Modifying the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota: H.R. 1350, to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota.
                                   Pages H1520–21 
Suspensions: The House failed to agree to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Authorizing the use of eligible investigational drugs by eligible patients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligi-ble illness: H.R. 5247, to authorize the use of eligi-ble investigational drugs by eligible patients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or con-dition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible illness, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 259 yeas to 140 nays, Roll No. 102. 
                                                                Pages H1521–27, H1528–29 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H1512 and H1528. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1528–29 and H1529. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:41 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
TAILOR ACT OF 2017; REGULATION AT IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017; FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAMINATION FAIRNESS AND REFORM ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1116, the ‘‘TAILOR Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4263, the ‘‘Regulation At Improvement Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4545, the ‘‘Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act’’. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 4545. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MR8.REC D13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD262 March 13, 2018 
order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in part B of the rules committee report, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ment printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 1116 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part C of the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 3, the rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 4263 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part D of the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. Testimony was heard from Chair-man Hensarling and Representative Maxine Waters of California. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCH 14, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine Department of En-ergy atomic energy defense activities and programs in re-view of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine rebuilding infrastructure in America, focusing on Administration perspectives, 10 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘the Agriculture Creates Real Employment (ACRE) Act’’, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy, to hold hearings to examine Somalia’s current security and stability status, 10 a.m., SD–419. Subcommittee on Multilateral International Develop-ment, Multilateral Institutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy, to hold hear-ings to examine food security, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold an oversight hear-ing to examine opioids in Indian country, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Parkland shooting and legislative pro-posals to improve school safety, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: business meeting to consider S. 526, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, S. 791, to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellectual property education and train-ing for small businesses, S. 1538, to amend the Small Business Act to establish awareness of, and technical as-sistance for, the creation of employee stock ownership plans, S. 1961, to amend the Small Business Act to tem-porarily reauthorize certain pilot programs under the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program, S. 1995, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to im-prove the number of small business investment companies in underlicensed States, S. 2283, to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, S. 2419, to amend the Small Business Act to improve the technical and business assistance services under the SBIR and STTR programs, S. 2527, to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies, and the nominations of David Christian Tryon, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel for Advocacy, and Hannibal Ware, of the Virgin Islands, to be Inspector General, both of the Small Business Administration, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans serv-ice organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on the U.S. Air Force, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the U.S. Army 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MR8.REC D13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D263 March 13, 2018 Corps of Engineers and Bureau of Reclamation, 10 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Space Warfighting Readiness: Policies, Authori-ties, and Capabilities’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of the Air Force FY 2018 Budget Request for Sea Power and Projection Forces’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review and Assessment of the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request for Department of Defense Science and Technology Programs’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘CBO Oversight: Perspectives from Outside Ex-perts’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘DOE Modernization: Legislation Addressing Cybersecurity and Emergency Response’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthor-ization of Animal Drug User Fees: ADUFA and AGDUFA’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-amining the Cryptocurrencies and ICO Markets’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing Export Controls: Protecting Cut-ting-Edge Technology and U.S. National Security’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Trans-portation and Protective Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-amining the President’s FY 2019 Budget Request for the Transportation Security Administration’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 401, to designate the mountain at the Devils Tower National Monument, Wyoming, as Devils Tower, and for other purposes; H.R. 3008, the ‘‘George W. Bush Childhood Home Study Act’’; H.R. 4609, the ‘‘West Fork Fire Station Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4851, the ‘‘Ken-nedy-King Establishment Act of 2018’’; S. 35, the ‘‘Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act’’; and S. 466, a bill to clarify the description of certain Federal land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include ad-ditional land in the Kaibab National Forest, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Shining Light on the Federal Regulatory Process’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘State of Play: Federal IT in 2018’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 4061, the ‘‘Financial Stability Oversight Council Im-provement Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4293, the ‘‘Stress Test Improvement Act of 2017’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘National Laboratories: World- Leading Innovation in Science’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4743, the ‘‘Small Business 7(a) Lending Oversight Reform Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5178, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Small Business Contracting Assistance Act of 2018’’; H.R. 3170, the ‘‘Small Business Development Center Cyber Training Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4668, the ‘‘Small Business Advanced Cybersecurity Enhancements Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2655, the ‘‘Small Business Innovation Pro-tection Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 5236, the ‘‘Main Street Employee Ownership Act of 2018’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Review of Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Re-quest for the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Programs’’, 11 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Tax Policy, hearing entitled ‘‘Post Tax Reform Evaluation of Recently Expired Tax Provisions’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Long-worth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: organizational business meeting to consider com-mittee rules for the second session of the 115th Congress, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13MR8.REC D13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD264 March 13, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, March 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of S. 2155, Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, and vote on McConnell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 2151 at 3:45 p.m. Following disposition of McConnell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 2151, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, March 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 1116—TAILOR Act (Subject to a Rule). The House is also expected to begin consideration of H.R. 4545—Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 4263—Regulation A+ Im-provement Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E298 Bergman, Jack, Mich., E302 Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E307 Brooks, Mo, Ala., E303 Buck, Ken, Colo., E297, E301 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E302 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E297, E299 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E303 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E300 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E301 Garamendi, John, Calif., E301 Green, Gene, Tex., E306 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E300, E303 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E306 Long, Billy, Mo., E302 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E304 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E297 Messer, Luke, Ind., E299 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E299 Olson, Pete, Tex., E297 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E297, E297, E298, E298, E299, E300, E301, E301, E302, E303 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E306 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E302 Scalise, Steve, La., E298 Shimkus, John, Ill., E298 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E306, E307 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E299 Walz, Timothy J., Minn., E299 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E298 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13MR8.REC D13MRPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST