Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5583 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 25, 2018 No. 106 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 25, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ODEY C. A
RRINGTON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
IMMIGRANT CHILDREN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, as we recover from the chaos emanating from the White House and the tweeter- in-chief last week, it is important to recognize children are not invaders. Children must not be used as political pawns for reckless immigration en-forcement policy. I thank J
USTIN AMASH for being a lonely, but principled Republican voice, reminding your colleagues, even if Donald Trump doesn’t recognize the Fifth Amendment, that under the Con-stitution, nobody is denied of life, lib-erty, or property without due process of law. There are over 300 other Republicans in the House and Senate, and I hope America hears from them. And Demo-crats should welcome a contest of ideas and a contest at the ballot box, not shouting at restaurants. It is important that we don’t lose sight of the bigger picture. There is a reason that tens of thousands of people have come to the southern border: the chaos and violence in parts of Mexico, especially Central America, and the vi-olence especially strong in the triangle of Honduras, Guatemala, and El Sal-vador. The United States is not an entirely innocent bystander there. We have sup-ported repressive dictators in those countries in the 1980s, and we have been meddling in their affairs for gen-erations. It is the lucrative American drug market that has fueled the drug trade and gang activity. Part of our failed drug policies have destabilized the lives of millions. The immense profits from the American drug trade drives that activity to the borders, corrupts governments, and has created a situa-tion where we cannot even keep drugs and cell phones out of American pris-ons. What is the answer? I would suggest that it is not to deny people fearing for their lives a right to prove their case as refugees seeking asylum. The an-swer is not to hold children hostages in a macabre, hateful drama that is a shame on all Americans. The answer is not to forcibly take children out of the arms of their moth-er, and then lose them in the system. I mean, wait a minute. If the Postal Service and UPS can tell you where the sweat socks and the razors that you or-dered a week ago are in the system, why can’t we tell parents where their most precious possession, their chil-dren, are—and the notion that some are walking away from detention fa-cilities. The Trump administration is talking about reorganizing essential govern-ment departments. Maybe if they want to do that, they ought to start with the Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment. They ought to start with the De-partment of Homeland Security and the Department of Health and Human Services, all of the agencies that are a part of this embarrassing spectacle, to figure out how to do it right, how to do it humanely, in an open and trans-parent fashion, and stop the notion that somehow there will be zero toler-ance; that we will separate children from their families at the borders; and we will criminalize people who are seeking asylum. Let’s stop this malignant policy. Let’s get children back to their par-ents. Let’s elevate the discourse re-spectfully, but forcefully battle ideas and support the vulnerable. It is not merely a question of justice for immigrant children, but of justice and integrity of all Americans. f 
TIME TO TACKLE THE DILEMMA OF IMMIGRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Un-less someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get bet-ter. It’s not.’’ For those who are not familiar with the insights of Dr. Seuss, that quote concludes ‘‘The Lorax.’’ You see, when I got home on Friday night, my 8-year- old wanted to watch a move with dad. We watched ‘‘The Lorax’’ with him belly laughing at some of the scenes and me just enjoying him curled up be-side me, happy to be together at home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.000 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5584 June 25, 2018 
Playing through my mind also—as it has for some time—was our collective struggle with legal immigration and our Nation’s struggle with addressing this problem. For anyone wondering if I did not see or feel the real painful events of sepa-rating children from their parents at the border last week, as I curled up with my little guy, know that I did. I felt it to my soul. You see, my 8-year- old son is also an immigrant. My wife and I adopted him from Russia just be-fore Vladimir Putin slammed the door shut for other children who could des-perately use a loving home in America. We had to come home after adoption was granted and wait out an appeal pe-riod. We had to leave our son behind and then go back and get him weeks later. So I understand the problem well and what is at stake. America has struggled with this issue since our creation. We are a Nation of immigrants. My ancestors arrived in America during the Irish potato fam-ine. We can’t ignore immigration, both illegal and legal, any longer. The issue surrounds us every day, especially if you live in border communities, areas of large immigrant populations—legal and illegal—or resort communities or agriculture communities who depend upon guest workers to even function. In 1986, Congress passed the Simpson- Mazzoli Act, which was signed into law by President Reagan, the last major immigration legislation. This granted legal status to about 4 million illegal immigrants with a commitment to fund what was necessary to secure our borders. However, clearly, we did not secure our borders, and that failure is why we struggle right now with this problem. Our Nation’s border agents stop about 2,000 people deemed to be high risk, at-tempting to enter the United States from Africa and the Middle East at our southern border every year. Does anybody care to estimate the number of people we do not apprehend and the risks they pose to our security? A group of young people, often called the DACA population, are estimated at 1.6 to 1.8 million people and they are here, young people brought here by their parents—yes, illegally, I grant that—but the question remains: What do we do? Leave them in limbo? Leave them in fear on the edge of society? America has an immigration system that is old-fashioned at best. Rather than doing what is necessary, like other nations have, a merit-based im-migration system, we have visa lot-tery, family chain migration, and a ref-ugee and asylum system that does not work—all backed up by illegal immi-gration that we can’t address solely through deportations and hearings. We must secure our borders now. Not some day. Not maybe. We must end the political circus of the DACA program and fix the limbo status for the DACA population now. We must move to merit-based immi-gration, end the visa lottery, and end family chain migration. There is no answer to these issues that is perfect, in the view of myself and many, because we are in a rep-resentative democracy. I don’t believe perfect exists in the world. I spent 35 years in a private business. I don’t think I ever saw perfect. My spouse and children will tell you I am far from their definition of perfect. I came here to address our Nation’s chal-lenges and take those tough votes glad-ly because I want to make a difference. I chatted with a more senior member at the airport Friday who commented that only 100 or 150 Members of this body are prepared to truly work on solving this problem, to compromise, and take a tough vote on immigration. Some believe their idea is the only approach. Some have election fears. Some want to message on this issue at elections. Less than 12,000 individuals have ever served in the House of Representatives. To all with the honor and responsi-bility of being in this Chamber, I say, now is the time to step up, work on this issue, compromise, tackle the di-lemma, and then take a vote to move it forward to a better place. Because, again: ‘‘Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It’s not.’’ 
f 
COMPASSIONATE, COMPREHEN-SIVE IMMIGRATION REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, this week we plan on voting on a very strong bill known as the Border Secu-rity and Immigration Reform Act. To better assess our immigration system and the security of our border, I went to the United States-Mexico border near El Paso, Texas, this week-end. I rise today to share some of the stories I heard from our Customs and Border Patrol officers and the compas-sion they had for these families and children they interact with. These agents and officers had the highest on-the-job injury rate among all law enforcement groups across the country. Additionally, these officers see some of the worst conditions and are exposed to wide-ranging health risks like scabies, lice, tuberculosis, chicken pox, and many others. Day to day, these officers are on the front lines protecting our Nation’s bor-ders. They are often stopping drug traf-ficking, human trafficking, and much more. They see the worst of the worst, and put their lives on the line to secure our Nation every day. In exchange for this, they are often portrayed on the national media as cruel and are com-pared to unthinkable, unimaginable groups from our world’s history. This is not the experience I had with them this weekend. These officers have huge hearts, and they are often given a tough task at the border. They told me story after story of how they bring per-sonal items like teddy bears and toys from their homes to provide to chil-dren, and oftentimes run to McDon-ald’s and other restaurants to get food for hungry kids who had a very long, dangerous journey. No one is denying that the situation on our Nation’s border is terrible, and our agents at the border see this trag-edy daily. Seeing this for myself first-hand, I quickly realized, there is no perfect fix. But it is imperative that we recognize and honor our Border Patrol agents’ hard work, and do our part in Congress to pass compassionate, com-prehensive immigration reform that still secures our borders and helps al-leviate the situation of crisis which now exists. f 
AMERICA IS A NATION OF LAWS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, some of the political rhetoric and political opportunism is at an all-time high of ridiculous on this issue of immigration. Let’s take a step back and let’s think through this, and let us reason to-gether as Americans. No American who I have talked to in my district in west Texas or beyond, has any problem with folks immi-grating to this great Nation. We are a Nation of immigrants. But we are a Na-tion of laws. And just like if I took folks out of the unemployment line and took them to your office and sat them in your of-fice and said, you have got to hire them, or you are heartless. You don’t care about them. You would look at me like I had three heads, and you would say, they have got to go through an application process. We have got to vet them. We need to know that they have the merit to fill the job, that they are competent, that they have the moral character, that they are qualified. b1215 There is not a single Democrat, if I brought them people from that unem-ployment line, who would just hire them on account of my threats of their being heartless and any other fear tac-tic. Why would we be any different with the standards of citizenship in this great Nation? Why? Most of these kids coming over here are unaccompanied, about 83 percent, and then some with their parents. There has been this recent uproar about kids coming and being separated from their parents. I don’t like that. I wish it weren’t the case. I am prepared to fix it. That is what we should do in Congress, fix the laws when we find something that is not working. This President is just enforcing the laws. We haven’t had a President en-force the laws. We haven’t had the re-spect for the Constitution and the rule of law in so long that we are outraged that a President would actually just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.003 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5585 June 25, 2018 
hold people accountable for breaking the law and violating our sovereignty. Then there is that little hang-up with the 1997 Flores case, which is the law of the land that says you can’t hold a minor for more than 20 days. That is the law. If you want it changed, then write your Congressman, call your Congressman, and get him to fix it. In-stead of holding press conferences on the border, why don’t you get back to work, roll up your sleeves, and work across the aisle to solve the problem. Remember, most of these kids are coming from a place where they pre-sumably fear for their lives. Their lives are at risk every day, and now they are in a country where they get three hot meals, and they get shelter. They don’t have to worry about whether somebody is going to kill them. I would say that is a great start, for a benevolent coun-try to do that. Meanwhile, we have to process folks who don’t come to a port of entry—as is the law of the land—to present your-self as an asylum seeker. We have the law for that. We have an answer: Present yourself at a port of entry. But if you cross the border any other place, then you are going to be caught now, under this President, arrested, and processed for your hearing. And if found unlawfully to be here, you will be deported. That is the way it works. That is the way it ought to work. Now, international law says that if you are fleeing for your life, you should stop in the first safe country you come to. That would be Mexico. That is where they should all be, if they are truly asylum seekers. If you are truly afraid for your life, you ought to be grateful that you are safe, that you don’t have to worry, that you trust that the process will work, and that you will be vetted and found legiti-mate. I don’t want to separate the parents from their kids. This President doesn’t want to either. Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to get off our duff, do our job, and fix the problem. Everybody who is running around, taking this opportunity to fly whatever flag he or she wants to fly on this, let’s solve the problem. In Texas, illegal immigration costs us $6,000 per illegal immigrant, $12 bil-lion, over 10 percent of our budget, and $100 billion nationwide. It is a huge cost: education, healthcare, the list goes on. We are already insolvent, $21 trillion in debt. We can’t afford to make good on the promises for our kids and grandkids. What is wrong with this picture? Mr. Speaker, we have to work to-gether to solve this problem, secure the border, stop illegal immigration, move to a merit-based immigration system, and move this country forward as lead-ers. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 18 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Without a future, as a people we are depressed and limited in creative imag-ing. Without a past, we are inexperi-enced and lost between success and failure. Be as present to this Nation today as You were to our Founders. As the Cre-ator and providential Lord, guide the Members of this people’s House, and all their efforts, to uphold the Constitu-tion and have it interface with present realities until true priorities arise as the Nation’s agenda. Stir within all Americans a soli-darity that will always unite and never divide us. Renew in us a spirit that will enable this country to be a righteous leader into a bold future, shaping a new culture of collaboration and under-standing for the 21st century. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 22, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 22, 2018, at 1:50 p.m.: That the Senate agree to the amendments of the House of Representatives S.1091. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 2 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1516 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana) at 3 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
COOPERATE WITH LAW ENFORCE-MENT AGENCIES AND WATCH ACT OF 2018 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5783) to provide a safe harbor for financial institutions that maintain a customer account at the request of a Federal or State law enforcement agency, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5783 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SAFE HARBOR WITH RESPECT TO KEEP OPEN LETTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5333. Safe harbor with respect to keep open letters ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—With respect to a cus-tomer account of a financial institution, if a Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforce-ment agency requests, in writing, the finan-cial institution to keep such account open— ‘‘(1) the financial institution shall not be liable under this subchapter for maintaining such account consistent with the parameters of the request; and ‘‘(2) no Federal or State department or agency may take any adverse supervisory ac-tion under this subchapter with respect to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.005 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5586 June 25, 2018 
the financial institution for maintaining such account consistent with the parameters of the request. ‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— ‘‘(1) from preventing a Federal or State de-partment or agency from verifying the valid-ity of a written request described under sub-section (a) with the Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency making the written request; or ‘‘(2) to relieve a financial institution from complying with any reporting requirements, including the reporting of suspicious trans-actions under section 5318(g). ‘‘(c) L
ETTER TERMINATION DATE.—For pur- poses of this section, any written request de-scribed under subsection (a) shall include a termination date after which such request shall no longer apply.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5332 the fol-lowing: ‘‘5333. Safe harbor with respect to keep open letters.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. H
ILL) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as a former community banker, I have dealt with the conflict of wanting to help law enforcement agencies when receiving what is called a keep open letter, while not being able to because of the need also to comply with the requirements of my regu-latory responsibilities, the rules on set-ting out how banks have to open and close a suspected account by a regu-lator. Today, the overall purpose of this bill is to support law enforcement and re-duce money laundering and terrorist fi-nancing through our banking system. That is why, along with my good friend from Illinois, Dr. F
OSTER , I was pleased to introduce this commonsense bill. It enables partnerships without repercus-sions between law enforcement agen-cies and local community financial in-stitutions by allowing law enforcement to monitor the cash flows associated with criminal investigations at a finan-cial institution. Under the Bank Secrecy Act and the anti-money laundering regulations, banks face strict rules for managing accounts so that they cannot facilitate money laundering, terrorism financing, drug running, or other illegal activi-ties. Sometimes banks receive notices from law enforcement agencies known as keep open letters. That requests a bank to keep open an account so that the law enforcement agency can track payments and better monitor crimi-nals. Such requests might come from the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration, the Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, known as FinCEN, local police, or any other law enforcement agency. If banks help law enforcement com-ply with keep open letter requests, they in turn, unfortunately, risk being penalized by regulators for allowing an account to be open and continue to be open by someone who is suspected of a crime. This commonsense bill supports those efforts by law enforcement by al-lowing the financial institutions to comply with the keep open requests and maintain a suspicious account without being penalized by regulators. Financial institutions will no longer be liable for maintaining an account for law enforcement investigative pur-poses. Under this bill, no Federal depart-ment or agency may take an adverse supervisory action with respect to that financial institution for keeping open such an account. This is a commonsense bill and I urge all my colleagues to support it. It will give law enforcement the tools they need to prosecute bad actors and, I think, be better and more fair in its treatment for our financial institu-tions. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill would strengthen cooperation between finan-cial institutions and law enforcement to better combat terrorism and finan-cial crime by providing a narrow safe harbor from BSA/AML—that is Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laun-dering, that is the acronym—scrutiny of financial institutions that keep a customer account open at the written request of Federal and State law en-forcement. This cooperation will enable law en-forcement agencies to follow the money in the bank accounts of terror-ists, human traffickers, corrupt offi-cials, and those involved in organized crime. We support this. This is a common-sense, bipartisan bill, and I urge sup-port. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to just urge my colleagues to recognize this as a strong group of bipartisan work by Dr. F
OSTER and it received solid support in the committee, that it balances the law enforcement obliga-tions to investigate criminals, but also treats, in the regulatory system, our community financial institutions in a more fair manner. I hope all my col-leagues will support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5783, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
THE CREDIT ACCESS AND INCLUSION ACT OF 2017 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 435) to amend the Fair Credit Re-porting Act to clarify Federal law with respect to reporting certain positive consumer credit information to con-sumer reporting agencies, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 435 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘The Credit Access and Inclusion Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. POSITIVE CREDIT REPORTING PER-MITTED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 623 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) F
ULL-FILECREDIT REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the limitation in paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, a person or the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development may furnish to a consumer reporting agency information relating to the performance of a consumer in making payments— ‘‘(A) under a lease agreement with respect to a dwelling, including such a lease in which the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment provides subsidized payments for oc-cupancy in a dwelling; or ‘‘(B) pursuant to a contract for a utility or telecommunications service. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Information about a con-sumer’s usage of any utility services pro-vided by a utility or telecommunication firm may be furnished to a consumer reporting agency only to the extent that such informa-tion relates to payment by the consumer for the services of such utility or telecommuni-cation service or other terms of the provi-sion of the services to the consumer, includ-ing any deposit, discount, or conditions for interruption or termination of the services. ‘‘(3) P
AYMENT PLAN .—An energy utility firm may not report payment information to a consumer reporting agency with respect to an outstanding balance of a consumer as late if— ‘‘(A) the energy utility firm and the con-sumer have entered into a payment plan (in-cluding a deferred payment agreement, an arrearage management program, or a debt forgiveness program) with respect to such outstanding balance; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.003 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5587 June 25, 2018 
‘‘(B) the consumer is meeting the obliga-tions of the payment plan, as determined by the energy utility firm. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the following definitions shall apply: ‘‘(A) E
NERGY UTILITY FIRM .—The term ‘en-ergy utility firm’ means an entity that pro-vides gas or electric utility services to the public. ‘‘(B) U
TILITY OR TELECOMMUNICATION  
FIRM.—The term ‘utility or telecommuni-cation firm’ means an entity that provides utility services to the public through pipe, wire, landline, wireless, cable, or other con-nected facilities, or radio, electronic, or similar transmission (including the exten-sion of such facilities).’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—Section 623(c) of the Consumer Credit Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) subsection (f) of this section, including any regulations issued thereunder; or’’. (c) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the impact of furnishing information pursuant to subsection (f) of section 623 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2) (as added by this Act) on consumers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. H
ILL) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 435, introduced by my good friend from Minnesota, K
EITH E
LLISON , The Credit Access and Inclu-sion Act of 2017, would amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to authorize the Department of Housing to furnish con-sumer credit reports to include an indi-vidual’s payment history from rental payments for a dwelling, including HUD-subsidized properties, and pay-ment history for utility and tele-communications contracts. I want to thank my friend for this great piece of work on his part on mak-ing credit more accessible, making it easier to get the data that consumers need to build a credit record. It is not all just credit card payments, Mr. Speaker, or payments to banks. This kind of work that my friend from Minnesota has tackled improves consumers’ ability to build that very, very important thing in our society, which is access to credit. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Arkansas and the bipar-tisan group that came together to make this passage of The Credit Access and Inclusion Act possible. Mr. Speaker, let me just ask you, and anyone, a question. If you could help millions of people get access to an apartment, get a lower-cost loan, a lower phone or utility deposit all with-out creating a new government pro-gram, without spending any govern-ment money, without a government mandate, and virtually no new tax dol-lars, would you take that deal? I think that is a good deal. This is what we are proposing here. I know I would take that deal. Mr. Speaker, I am urging all Mem-bers to vote in favor of the passage of The Credit Access and Inclusion Act, because that is what it would do sim-ply by saying we are going to use all the data that consumers rely on now that is not necessarily credit related but does show that they pay their bills to be included in the construction of that credit score. That is why I am proud to be here today, because the passage of this bi-partisan Credit Access and Inclusion Act is going to help Americans be more successful in this economy. It will re-ward people who pay their utility and their phone bills on time, because it is important to note that when those bills are not paid on time, they are al-ready reported. People get credit, under this bill, for the bills that they pay on time, and still are able and in a position to be able to get perhaps lower interest rates, get lower deposits they have to put down, and be able to lead more prosperous economic lives. This bill is about bringing some basic fairness to the credit scoring system. I mean, credit is currently a currency in our society. It unlocks access to goods and services hardworking Americans need to build some economic security for themselves and their families. But there are currently, Mr. Speaker, 26 million, or at least one in ten Ameri-cans, who do not have a credit record. They are what they call invisibles. An-other 19 million Americans do not have enough information to score. Low-in-come individuals and racial and ethnic minorities are often in the worst shape. If we want to do something about closing the wealth gap between dif-ferent peoples of different backgrounds and really bringing economic oppor-tunity to all, this is the right bill to take a step. About one in four Latinos and Afri-can Americans either don’t have a credit record or don’t have enough of a record to score, and almost half of the residents of low-income communities do not have a score. That doesn’t mean they don’t have needs, Mr. Speaker. That doesn’t mean they don’t get phones and they don’t pay bills and they don’t get apart-ments. It just means they tend to pay more for them. In fact, we have heard the old adage that the poor pay more. It is expensive to be poor. Those things are true. This bill can make that a little less true and bring a little bit more happiness and economic prosperity to people. This bill allows credit rating agen-cies to use on-time rent, phone, and utility payments when determining credit scores. As a result, more than a third of previously unscoreable Ameri-cans will now have access to prime credit and the opportunities that come with it. This bill isn’t just about access to credit, though. It is about a little bit more than that. It is also about saving hardworking Americans real money, thousands of dollars, Mr. Speaker, on their car loans and on their mortgages, because if you are unscoreable or if your score is unnecessarily high be-cause that non-loan data is not count-ed, you may get the loan, but you will pay more for it. That is money that could be used to help build a family’s wealth, create some savings, Mr. Speaker, so that when you get into an emergency, you can use your own money as opposed to going to a payday lender. This is a good bill. That is why it has bipartisan support and that is why I am glad that Congressman FRENCH  H
ILLand I were able to work together on it. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a favorable vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank my friend from Minnesota. We have worked together on this bill during the year. I am pleased to see it back on the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I urge bipartisan sup-port for helping all American con-sumers have a new and better way to help build their credit and get access to credit to preserve the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, we have no other speak-ers on this side, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 435, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1530 PREVENTION OF PRIVATE INFOR-MATION DISSEMINATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4294) to amend the Financial Sta-bility Act of 2010 to provide a criminal penalty for unauthorized disclosures of certain individually identifiable infor-mation by officers or employees of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.004 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5588 June 25, 2018 
Federal department or agency, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4294 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Prevention of Private Information Dissemination Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURES. 
Section 165 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5365) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) C
RIMINAL PENALTY FOR UNAUTHORIZED  D
ISCLOSURES .—Section 552a(i)(1) of title 5, United States Code, shall apply to a deter-mination made under subsection (d) or (i) based on individually identifiable informa-tion submitted pursuant to the requirements of this section to the same extent as such section 552a(i)(1) applies to agency records which contain individually identifiable infor-mation the disclosure of which is prohibited by such section 552a or by rules or regula-tions established thereunder.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. H
ILL) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD an exchange of letters be-tween the committees of jurisdiction. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 22, 2018. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING : I write with respect to H.R. 4294, the ‘‘Prevention of Pri-vate Information Dissemination Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 4294 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consider-ation of this bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House floor for consider-ation. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 4294 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4294 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, June 25, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your June 22, 2018 letter regarding H.R. 4294, the ‘‘Prevention of Private Information Dis-semination Act of 2017’’. I am most appreciative of your decision to forego action on H.R. 4294 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I ac-knowledge that although you are waiving ac-tion on the bill, the Committee on the Judi-ciary is in no way waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In ad-dition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. Finally, I shall be pleased to include your letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 4294. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ), the author of this bill. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 4294, the Prevention of Pri-vate Information Dissemination Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will es-tablish criminal penalties for the unau-thorized disclosure of living will and stress test determinations and other individually identifiable information by Federal officials. With recent data breaches and leaks of sensitive information, it is essential that we ensure that this information is safely guarded and that people are pun-ished for their illicit actions. Since the enactment of Dodd-Frank in 2010, bank holding and certain nonbank companies, designated as sys-temically important financial institu-tions, otherwise known as SIFIs, are required to submit annual reports to the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Company, the FDIC. The purpose of these reports is to outline the company’s strategy for a potential bankruptcy in times of mar-ket stress. Through the living will and the stress test process, banks submit detailed financial reports about their businesses, such as assets, trade se-crets, and other classified information to the Federal Reserve and to the FDIC. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the in-formation has the potential to be leaked by employees and, unfortu-nately, in April of 2016, this did occur. In fact, on April 12, 2016, it was discov-ered that nonpublic confidential super-visory information related to the living will results was leaked to the press di-rectly. The Wall Street Journal article from that day cited ‘‘people familiar with the matter’’ indicated that the agen-cies planned to reject the revised living wills of at least half of the U.S. banks that resubmitted proposals before for-mal decisions were sent to the institu-tions. In this instance, the leak was ex-tremely harmful, as financial institu-tions were preparing their quarterly in-vestor reports. As a result, regulators were forced to formally release their findings the next day. In addition, this private information has market-mov-ing implications and can result in in-sider trading and illegal sharing of in-formation. Mr. Speaker, prior to Dodd-Frank, the FDIC did not have market-moving information on high-profile industries. Stress test requirements therefore meant that the FDIC had to create new policies and new procedures to help protect the information. According to the FDIC’s Principal Deputy Inspector General in 2016, the agency is ‘‘not there yet,’’ and it may not be prepared to safeguard the information. Sadly, between 2015 and 2016, the FDIC experienced many data breaches that involved employees leaving the company. One such incident occurred in 2015, in which a departing employee downloaded sensitive stress test data onto a thumb drive. These leaks are deeply troubling and, overall, they are unacceptable. This in-formation could be obtained by individ-uals to either invest or to divest in par-ticular stocks, which, obviously, can be quite damaging to bank investors and to the capital markets. The unauthorized disclosure of infor-mation that can significantly alter the stock market is an extremely punish-able offense. By increasing penalties on employees of these agencies, it proves, frankly, that they are not above the law. That is why I introduced this bill, to ensure that sensitive market informa-tion is properly protected and that peo-ple who improperly disclose nonpublic, confidential information are, in fact, punished. Mr. Speaker, ultimately, this is commonsense legislation that will help mitigate future leaks of sensitive information. I do want to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and the entire Financial Serv-ices Committee for their continued hard work. I urge my colleagues to support this extremely important piece of legisla-tion. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the bill makes clear that the penalties apply to officers and employees of Federal departments or agencies who willfully disclose agency records that contain personal identifi-able information pursuant to section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act. These acts are already illegal, and this bill is a clarification to make sure that these penalties apply. This is a commonsense bipartisan bill, and I urge support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.013 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5589 June 25, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4294, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FIGHT ILLICIT NETWORKS AND DETECT TRAFFICKING ACT Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6069) to require the Comptroller General of the United States to carry out a study on how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are used to buy, sell, or facilitate the financing of goods or services associated with sex trafficking or drug trafficking, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6069 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fight Illicit Net-works and Detect Trafficking Act’’ or the ‘‘FIND Trafficking Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) According to the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration (DEA) 2017 National Drug Threat Assessment, transnational criminal organiza-tions are increasingly using virtual currencies. (2) The Treasury Department has recognized that: ‘‘The development of virtual currencies is an attempt to meet a legitimate market demand. According to a Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago economist, U.S. consumers want payment op-tions that are versatile and that provide imme-diate finality. No U.S. payment method meets that description, although cash may come clos-est. Virtual currencies can mimic cash’s imme-diate finality and anonymity and are more versatile than cash for online and cross-border transactions, making virtual currencies vulner-able for illicit transactions.’’. (3) Virtual currencies have become a promi-nent method to pay for goods and services asso-ciated with illegal sex trafficking and drug traf-ficking, which are two of the most detrimental and troubling illegal activities facilitated by on-line marketplaces. (4) Online marketplaces, including the darkweb, have become a prominent platform to buy, sell, and advertise for illicit goods and services associated with sex trafficking and drug trafficking. (5) According to the International Labour Or-ganization, in 2016, 4.8 million people in the world were victims of forced sexual exploitation, and in 2014, the global profit from commercial sexual exploitation was $99 billion. (6) In 2016, within the United States, the Cen-ter for Disease Control estimated that there were 64,000 deaths related to drug overdose, and the most severe increase in drug overdoses were those associated with fentanyl and fentanyl analogs (synthetic opioids), which amounted to over 20,000 overdose deaths. (7) According to the U.S. Department of the Treasury 2015 National Money Laundering Risk Assessment, an estimated $64 billion is generated annually from U.S. drug trafficking sales. (8) Illegal fentanyl in the United States origi-nates primarily from China, and it is readily available to purchase through online market-places. SEC. 3. GAO STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall conduct a study on how virtual currencies and online market-places are used to facilitate sex and drug traf-ficking. The study shall consider— (1) how online marketplaces, including the darkweb, are being used as platforms to buy, sell, or facilitate the financing of goods or serv-ices associated with sex trafficking or drug traf-ficking (specifically, opioids and synthetic opioids, including fentanyl, fentanyl analogs, and any precursor chemicals associated with manufacturing fentanyl or fentanyl analogs) destined for, originating from, or within the United States; (2) how financial payment methods, including virtual currencies and peer-to-peer mobile pay-ment services, are being utilized by online mar-ketplaces to facilitate the buying, selling, or fi-nancing of goods and services associated with sex or drug trafficking destined for, originating from, or within the United States; (3) how virtual currencies are being used to facilitate the buying, selling, or financing of goods and services associated with sex or drug trafficking, destined for, originating from, or within the United States, when an online plat-form is not otherwise involved; (4) how illicit funds that have been trans-mitted online and through virtual currencies are repatriated into the formal banking system of the United States through money laundering or other means; (5) the participants (state and non-state ac-tors) throughout the entire supply chain that participate in or benefit from the buying, sell-ing, or financing of goods and services associ-ated with sex or drug trafficking (either through online marketplaces or virtual currencies) des-tined for, originating from, or within the United States; (6) Federal and State agency efforts to impede the buying, selling, or financing of goods and services associated with sex or drug trafficking destined for, originating from, or within the United States, including efforts to prevent the proceeds from sex or drug trafficking from enter-ing the United States banking system; (7) how virtual currencies and their under-lying technologies can be used to detect and deter these illicit activities; and (8) to what extent can the immutable and traceable nature of virtual currencies contribute to the tracking and prosecution of illicit fund-ing. (b) S
COPE.—For the purposes of the study re-quired under subsection (a), the term ‘‘sex traf-ficking’’ means the recruitment, harboring, transportation, provision, obtaining, patron-izing, or soliciting of a person for the purpose of a commercial sex act that is induced by force, fraud, or coercion, or in which the person in-duced to perform such act has not attained 18 years of age. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report summarizing the results of the study required under subsection (a), to-gether with any recommendations for legislative or regulatory action that would improve the ef-forts of Federal agencies to impede the use of virtual currencies and online marketplaces in facilitating sex and drug trafficking. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. H
ILL) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend from California, J
UAN V
ARGAS , and my colleague from Penn-sylvania, K
EITH ROTHFUS , for their work together to cosponsor H.R. 6069, the Fight Illicit Networks and Detect Trafficking Act. This is extremely important, and it is in keeping with the work that we have been doing in our subcommittee on terror finance, illicit financing, and also the work we have done on this House floor about stopping human traf-ficking that we see in this country and, also, the intensive work in the last 2 weeks on opioid legislation in trying to stop these kinds of drugs coming into our country. This legislation would require the Government Accounting Office, the GAO, to study and report to Congress on how online marketplaces, including those on the dark web, are used as plat-forms to facilitate the financing of goods associated with drug trafficking or sex trafficking. They would study payment methods, including virtual currencies and peer- to-peer payment services, that are also being used in drug and sex trafficking online; illicit funds that have been transmitted online and how virtual currencies are reintegrated into the U.S. financial system; and finally, Mr. Speaker, the study would have the par-ticipants of sex trafficking or drug trafficking trade online that benefit from the trade. Although virtual currencies can be used for legal purchases, they have be-come a common financial payment method for criminals. Online marketplaces, including the dark web, have become a prominent platform to buy, sell, and advertise for illicit goods and services associated with sex trafficking and drug traf-ficking. According to the International Labor Organization, in 2016, 4.8 million people in the world were victims of forced sex-ual exploitation, and in 2014, the global profit from commercial sexual exploi-tation was $99 billion. According to the U.S. Treasury’s 2015 National Money Laundering Risk As-sessment, an estimated $64 billion is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.015 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5590 June 25, 2018 
generated from U.S. drug trafficking operations. Illegal fentanyl in the United States originates primarily from China and is readily available to purchase through online marketplaces. Certainly, all of my colleagues have heard extensively, over the last 2 weeks, the stunning hor-rors of how fentanyl has entered our marketplace, with one estimate that, just last year alone, enough came across our borders in this country to kill half the U.S. population. According to the DEA, in 2017, the National Drug Threat Assessment, transnational criminal organizations are increasingly using virtual cur-rencies. This bill will allow Congress to fully understand the extent to which virtual currencies are being used to fa-cilitate drug and sex trafficking. The bill will also study how virtual currencies can be used to detect and deter illicit activities and propose leg-islative solutions to fight these crimes. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ), a respected, active member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6069, the Fight Illicit Networks and Detect Trafficking Act, FIND. Allow me first to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for his leadership and also Ranking Member W
ATERS for her lead-ership, and also for their support of this legislation. I would also like to thank my good friend, Mr. F
RENCH HILL. I thank him for his kind words and for his support of this bill. I especially would like to thank Mr. R
OTHFUS for his leadership on the Ter-rorism and Illicit Finance Sub-committee and for generously agreeing to colead this commonsense, narrowly tailored legislation. As you may know, a virtual currency is a digital representation of value that can be digitally traded. Since the cre-ation of bitcoin, the first and most widely known example of cryptocurrency, thousands of cryptocurrencies have emerged and are designed to serve a variety of purses. Some forms of virtual currency pro-vide a digital alternative to cash that lacks the oversight of a government or central bank and, potentially, offers greater anonymity than conventional payment systems. Just as virtual currencies have grown in use in legitimate commerce, they have also become an increasingly pop-ular financial payment method for criminals. Virtual currencies have been and continue to be exploited to pay for goods and services associated with il-licit illegal sex and drug trafficking. These are two of the most detrimental and troubling illegal activities sold on-line. According to the DEA 2017 National Drug Threat Assessment, transnational criminal organizations are increasingly using virtual currencies due to their ease of use and the anonymity they provide. b1545 While evidence points to the growth of virtual currencies as a payment method for illicit sex and drug traf-ficking, the true scope of the problem and the potential solutions have not been fully established. According to the International Labour Organization, in 2016, 4.8 mil-lion people in the world were victims of forced sexual exploitation, and in 2014, the global profit from commercial sex-ual exploitation was $99 billion. Unfortunately, virtual currencies are also being used as a payment method for transnational drug traffickers. As you may know all too well, the United States is struggling to combat the rising number of lives cut short by the tragic use of opioids. As was stated earlier by my good friend Mr. HILL, in 2016 alone, the CDC estimated that there were 64,000 deaths—64,000 deaths—in the U.S. related to drug overdose. The most severe increases in drug overdoses were those associated with fentanyl and also fentanyl analogs. Fentanyl is an extremely deadly opioid that is 50 to 100 times more potent than morphine. Fentanyl is being illicitly manufactured in China and Mexico, with most of the illegal fentanyl in the United States originating from China, and it is readily available to purchase through the online marketplaces. If we are to craft effective regulatory and legislative solutions to combat these transnational criminal organiza-tions, we need to fully study and ana-lyze how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are used to facilitate sex and drug trafficking to determine how to best eliminate their use. H.R. 6069, the FIND Trafficking Act of 2018, requires the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States to: one, carry out a study on how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are used to fa-cilitate sex or drug trafficking; and, two, make recommendations to Con-gress on legislative and regulatory ac-tions that would impede the use of vir-tual currencies and online market-places in facilitating sex and drug traf-ficking. It is my sincere hope that this bill is the first step toward crafting bipar-tisan legislation to impede and eventu-ally eliminate the use of virtual cur-rencies by transnational criminal orga-nizations that facilitate drug and sex trafficking. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I again thank both my colleagues here for their kind words about this bill and the biparti-sanship that we have had on this bill. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, for the bipar-tisan work on this bill, I want to again thank Mr. R
OTHFUS and my good friend Mr. VARGAS . You can see that he has the heart of a Jesuit and the mind of a Harvard lawyer. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6069, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES IMPROVEMENT AMENDMENTS ACT Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 221) to reauthorize the Hydro-graphic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 221 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Hydrographic Services Improvement Amendments Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 1998. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATIONS .—Section 306 of the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892d) is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘There are authorized’’ the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’; (2) in subsection (a) (as designated by para-graph (1))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘surveys—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘surveys, $70,814,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘vessels—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘vessels, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Administra-tion—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘Administration, $29,932,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $26,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $30,564,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) A
RCTIC PROGRAMS .—Of the amount au-thorized by this section for each fiscal year— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 is authorized for use to ac-quire hydrographic data, provide hydrographic services, conduct coastal change analyses nec-essary to ensure safe navigation, and improve the management of coastal change in the Arctic; and ‘‘(2) $2,000,000 is authorized for use to acquire hydrographic data and provide hydrographic services in the Arctic necessary to delineate the United States extended Continental Shelf.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  
FOR SURVEYS .—Section 306 of such Act (33 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.017 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5591 June 25, 2018 
U.S.C. 892d) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Of amounts authorized by this section for each fiscal year for hydro-graphic surveys, not more than 5 percent is au-thorized for administrative costs.’’. 
SEC. 3. GAO STUDY. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall, by not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act— (1) conduct a study comparing the unit costs of hydrographic surveys conducted by the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the unit costs of procuring performance of such surveys; and (2) report to the Congress on the findings of such study. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material for the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alaska? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 221, the Hydrographic Services Improvement Amendments Act. I was an original cosponsor and chairman of the House Natural Re-sources Committee when Representa-tive Jim Saxton of New Jersey intro-duced the Hydrographic Services Im-provement Act of 1998. My legislation will reauthorize the act through 2022 and will allow NOAA to conduct and contract for hydrographic surveys around the U.S., with specific focus on the Arctic. Alaska is what makes the United States an Arctic Nation. My State has more coastline than any other State in this country, and we don’t know what is under the surface. We are seeing a significant increase in vessel traffic, exploration, and resource development in our Arctic waters. While hydrographic surveys are a critical part of the maritime safety, economic, and environmental efforts nationwide, they are especially impor-tant in the Arctic. Mr. Speaker, there are more than 550,000 square nautical miles in the U.S. Arctic exclusive economic zone, otherwise a 200-mile limit. It would take decades to survey even half of that space. NOAA has designated 38,000 miles as survey priority areas, and estimates a range up to 25 years to survey just those priority areas, if resources re-main at their current level. Alaskan waters are incredibly under- surveyed. Before this year, the last time the entrances and mouth to the Yukon River were surveyed was 1899. The river is the most effective route to deliver food and goods to coastal and inland villages in western Alaska, and the last on-the-ground surveys were completed the same year that gold was discovered in Nome. Mr. Speaker, there are other areas around the Nation that have the same problem. This is a very important piece of legislation. If we are to continue to utilize the ocean onshore and offshore, I urge the passage of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill reauthorizes the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act, which funds vital navigation and safety services of NOAA’s Office of Coast Survey, which maintains more than 1,000 charts and publications used by Federal and State agencies, private organizations, and the public. It is no small feat to do this for our Nation’s 95,000 miles of shoreline and 3.4 million square nautical miles of water. It is critical that we ensure Federal capacity for hydrographic surveys, mapping, and charting. NOAA vessels and data support a wide range of ac-tivities and inform decisions with sig-nificant economic, environmental, and safety impacts. As we face rapidly changing ocean conditions, hydrographic services will only become more important. This is particularly true in the Arctic, where we will eventually see almost entirely ice-free summers. It is not a matter of if, but when and how soon. With that comes an entirely new seascape for maritime commerce and transport, de-fense, and natural resources. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend my colleague Mr. Y
OUNG for his hard work. I encourage adoption of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 221, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GOLDEN SPIKE 150TH ANNIVERSARY ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5751) to redesignate Golden Spike National Historic Site and to es-tablish the Transcontinental Railroad Network, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5751 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Golden Spike 150th Anniversary Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DJACENT LANDOWNER .—The term ‘‘ad-jacent landowner’’ means the non-Federal owner of property that directly abuts the Park boundaries. (2) H
ISTORICAL CROSSING .—The term ‘‘his-torical crossing’’ means a corridor with a maximum width of 30 feet across former rail-road rights-of-way within the Park— (A) that has been used by adjacent land-owners in an open manner multiple times in more than 1 of the past 10 years for vehicle, farm machinery, or livestock travel; or (B) where existing utility or pipelines have been placed. (3) N
ETWORK .—The term ‘‘Network’’ means the Transcontinental Railroad Network es-tablished under section 4. (4) P
ARK.—The term ‘‘Park’’ means the Golden Spike National Historical Park des-ignated under section 3. (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service. (6) T
RANSCONTINENTAL RAILROAD .—The term ‘‘Transcontinental Railroad’’ means the approximately 1,912-mile continuous railroad constructed between 1863 and 1869 from Council Bluffs, Iowa, to San Francisco, California. 
SEC. 3. REDESIGNATION. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The Golden Spike Na-tional Historic Site designated April 2, 1957, and placed under the administration of the National Park Service under the Act of July 10, 1965 (79 Stat. 426), shall be known and des-ignated as the ‘‘Golden Spike National His-torical Park’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Golden Spike National Historic Site shall be consid-ered a reference to the ‘‘Golden Spike Na-tional Historical Park’’. (c) N
ETWORK .—The Park shall be part of the Network. 
SEC. 4. TRANSCONTINENTAL RAILROAD NET-WORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish, within the National Park Service, the Transcontinental Railroad Network. The Network shall not include properties used in active freight railroad operations (or other ancillary purposes) or reasonably antici-pated to be used for freight railroad oper-ations in the future. (b) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall— (1) inventory National Park Service sites, facilities, and programs; and (2) identify other sites, facilities, and pro-grams, to determine their suitability for inclusion in the Network, as delineated under sub-section (e). (c) D
UTIES OF THE SECRETARY .—In carrying out the Network, the Secretary shall— (1) produce and disseminate appropriate education materials relating to the history, construction, and legacy of the Trans-continental Railroad, such as handbooks, maps, interpretive guides, or electronic in-formation; (2) identify opportunities to enhance the recognition of immigrant laborers’ contribu-tions to the history, construction, and leg-acy of the Transcontinental Railroad; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.011 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5592 June 25, 2018 
(3) enter into appropriate cooperative agreements and memoranda of under-standing to provide technical assistance under subsection (d); and (4) create and adopt an official, uniform symbol or device for the Network and issue guidance for the use of such symbol or de-vice. (d) E
LEMENTS .—The Network shall encom-pass the following elements: (1) All units and programs of the National Park Service that are determined by the Secretary to relate to the history, construc-tion, and legacy of the Transcontinental Railroad. (2) With the consent of each person owning any legal interest in the property, other Fed-eral, State, local, and privately owned prop-erties that have a verifiable connection to the history, construction, and legacy of the Transcontinental Railroad and are included in, or determined by the Secretary to be eli-gible for inclusion in, the National Register of Historic Places. (3) Other governmental and nongovern-mental programs of an educational, research, or interpretive nature that are directly re-lated to the history, construction, and leg-acy of the Transcontinental Railroad. (e) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS AND MEMO-
RANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—To achieve the purposes of this section and to ensure effec-tive coordination of the Federal and non- Federal elements of the Network described in subsection (d) with National Park System units and programs of the National Park Service, the Secretary may enter into coop-erative agreements and memoranda of un-derstanding with, and provide technical as-sistance to, the heads of other Federal agen-cies, States, units of local government, re-gional governmental bodies, and private en-tities. 
SEC. 5. AGREEMENTS AFFECTING CERTAIN HIS-TORICAL CROSSINGS. 
(a) P ROGRAMMATIC AGREEMENT .—No later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into a Programmatic Agreement with the Utah State Historic Preservation Office and other consulting parties to add certain under-takings in the Park to the list of those eligi-ble for streamlined review under section 106 of the Historic Preservation Act of 1966 (54 U.S.C. 306108). In the development of the Pro-grammatic Agreement, the Secretary shall collaborate with adjacent landowners, Tribes, and other consulting parties. (b) P
ROCESS FOR APPROVAL .—After the completion of the Programmatic Agreement under subsection (a), an adjacent landowner shall give the Secretary notice of proposed certain undertakings. Within 30 days of the receipt of the notice, the Secretary shall re-view and approve the proposed certain under-takings if consistent with the Programmatic Agreement. (c) D
EFINITION OF CERTAIN UNDER -
TAKINGS .—As used in this section, the term ‘‘certain undertakings’’ means those activi-ties that take place on, within, or under a historical crossing and— (1) will last less than 1 month and will have limited physical impact on the surface of the historical crossing; (2) have been implemented by an adjacent landowner or other adjacent landowners in the past; or (3) is the subject of a categorical exclusion under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
SEC. 6. INVASIVE SPECIES CONTROL. 
At the request of an adjacent landowner, within 30 days of such a request, the Sec-retary shall authorize the adjacent land-owner to participate in the eradication of invasive species in the Park for a period of up to 10 years, subject to renewal. Such an authorization shall provide— (1) that the invasive species proposed for eradication is identified as such by the Na-tional Park Service; (2) that the method, timing, and location of the eradication must be approved by the Secretary; and (3) appropriate indemnification of the adja-cent landowner. SEC. 7. FUNDING CLARIFICATION. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such re-quirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. May 10, 1869, is one of the most sig-nificant dates that we have in Amer-ican history because that is the date when a congressionally mandated pro-vision to try to unite the two oceans on this continent Nation together actu-ally came into being. The final spike that was put into this effort that was originated by Congress and, actually, oddly enough, Congress had to get them to stop going at dif-ferent directions and come together at one point, took place in Promontory Summit in my State of Utah, in my district, about 30 miles from where I live. This is a prominent symbol of the most significant achievement we had in the 19th century. It is, for transpor-tation, as significant as landing a man on the moon would be for the 20th cen-tury. Having the rail system go in there meant that some of my ancestors who had to walk every step across the plains, taking months to get to Utah, could now do it in 7 days on the new train that was going through there. This is one of those things that has the support of the National Park Serv-ice, which wants to make sure that some of the less visual parks are given the quality attention they deserve, to make them something that is impor-tant for the future history of this coun-try. So it is not just going to be a park. This is going to be a historic park, and it is going to be part of a trans-continental railroad network that will take all sorts of other activities that deal with transportation within the area, allow them to make them more public, and allow people to spend sev-eral days visiting different areas. It is also important since, ironically, within a few miles of this location is also the site where most of the motors that were made for outer space travel were also built at the same time. This can also become a hub of truly educational value about transportation in both the 19th century as well as the 20th century. It can also be an oppor-tunity to tell the story of the literally thousands of immigrants who helped build the system going both ways in both directions. And it establishes a process so that challenges that have been longstanding with neighboring landowners can be resolved in an easy and simple way not only now but also going into the future. b1600 Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill which will make the Golden Spike a national historical park in time for the 150th birthday which will be May 10, 2019. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5751 redesignates the Golden Spike National Historic Site as the Golden Spike National His-torical Park and directs the Secretary of the Interior to establish a program known as the Transcontinental Rail-road Network within the National Park Service. On May 10, 1869, a historically very significant day in the history of our country, the Atlantic and Pacific Coasts were linked for the first time in our Nation’s history when the 1,912- mile system of hand-built tracks was completed in Promontory, Utah. This national historical park des-ignation is a fitting tribute that ac-knowledges the significance of this event. The bill will also help the Na-tional Park Service educate the public about the history, construction, and legacy of the transcontinental railroad without additional funds. I would like to thank the chairman for his efforts to preserve an important part of our history. This is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I invite all of you out next May 10 to a celebration at this site. It will be a party you will not forget. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues’ adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5751, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.008 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5593 June 25, 2018 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TULARE YOUTH RECREATION AND WOMEN’S HISTORY ENHANCE-MENT ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 805) to authorize the convey-ance of and remove the reversionary interest of the United States in certain lands in the City of Tulare, California. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 805 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tulare Youth Recreation and Women’s History En-hancement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) The City of Tulare requires clear title to two Parcels of land within the City’s busi-ness corridor. (2) The Parcels are part of a right-of-way granted to the Railroad by the Federal Gov-ernment by the Act dated July 27, 1866. (3) The Parcels, which are currently under lease to the City, are currently occupied by an outdoor recreation facility for youth and a historic women’s club. (4) The City desires to improve and restore these facilities but cannot absent clear title to the Parcels. (5) The United States retained a rever-sionary interest in the Parcels conveyed to the Railroad in 1866 and has not exercised this authority. (6) The Union Pacific Railroad desires to sell the Parcels to the City. (7) Public Law 105–195 conveyed the rever-sionary interest to all surrounding Parcels in 1998, which were conveyed by the Union Pacific Railroad to the City. 
SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATION OF CONVEYANCE AND REMOVAL OF REVERSIONARY IN-TEREST. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ITY.—The term ‘‘City’’ means the City of Tulare, California. (2) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Tulare Railroad Parcels Proposed to be Acquired’’, dated April 30, 2015. (3) P
ARCELS .—The term ‘‘Parcels’’ means the land identified as ‘‘Tulare Railroad Pro-posed Parcels’’ on the Map. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (5) R
AILROAD .—The term ‘‘Railroad’’ means the Union Pacific Railroad. (b) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST EXTIN-
GUISHED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To promote recreational opportunities for youth and commemorate women’s history in the City, the United States authorizes the conveyance of and re-linquishes its reversionary interest in the Parcels retained under the Act of July 27, 1866 (14 Stat. 292, chapter 278). (2) R
EQUIRED DOCUMENTATION .—The relin-quishment of the reversionary interest under paragraph (1) shall be executed by the Sec-retary in an instrument that— (A) is suitable for recording in the records of Tulare County, California; and (B) references this Act and any prior in-struments relating to the United States in-terest in the Parcels. (3) C
OSTS.—Any costs associated with the required documentation under paragraph (2) shall be paid by the City. (4) CONDITION .—The relinquishment of the reversionary interest under paragraph (1) shall be effective on the date that the Rail-road conveys the Parcels to the City. (c) M
AP ON FILE.—The Map shall be kept on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. (d) P
RESERVATION OF EXISTING RIGHTS OF  A
CCESS .—Nothing in this Act shall impair any existing rights of access in favor of the public or any owner of adjacent lands over, under or across the Parcels. (e) S
URFACE ENTRY .—The Parcels shall be subject to the same conditions as those par-cels affected by Public Law 105–195 regarding rights of surface entry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for allowing this bill to come up today. I rise in support of H.R. 805, the Tulare Youth Recreation and Women’s History Enhancement Act. This bill simply removes a Federal revisionary interest in two parcels of land in my hometown of Tulare, Cali-fornia, and offers their conveyance to the city. This would allow the city to purchase this land from the Union Pacific Rail-road, which received the land from the Federal Government by right-of-way in the 19th century. One parcel has long been home to a historic Women’s Club House which has served as an impor-tant community center for more than 100 years. The Women’s Club House is in need of critical repairs, but the city of Tulare has been reluctant to make repairs without clear title to the land. If this bill were enacted, the city would be making needed repairs to this histor-ical landmark, preserving it for genera-tions to come. The second parcel of land is home to the Rotary Skate Park, which is a rec-reational park used by young and old residents alike. Both of these commu-nity locations are extremely important to the people of the San Joaquin Val-ley, and this bill will ensure their con-tinued use for many years to come. I want to thank, again, the chair and ranking member for their support, and urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 805, releases the reversionary interests on two parcels of land in Tulare County in California. These parcels are currently leased from the Union Pacific Railroad and contain a skate park and historic women’s club, owned and operated by the city. City officials want to make improve-ments to both facilities, but are unable to secure financing without clean and free titles to the property. In the 19th century, Congress granted the land to Southern Pacific Railroad, the predecessor of Union Pacific, for use as a railroad right-of-way. Congress subsequently authorized the railroad to lease the land to Tulare for other pub-lic purposes. However, the land re-mains encumbered with a reversionary interest. Congress passed a law in 1998 that re-leased the reversionary interest on 12 parcels in Tulare. H.R. 805 deals with two additional parcels, allowing Union Pacific to sell the land to Tulare and clear the way for planned improve-ments. The 1998 law was the first time Con-gress authorized the release of a rever-sionary interest for redevelopment pur-poses. At the time, the railroad had al-ready sold the land at Tulare, even though it belonged to taxpayers, and Congress had to intervene to remedy the situation. Unlike the situation in 1998, the two parcels affected by this bill have not been sold and under nor-mal circumstances, the Federal Gov-ernment—not Union Pacific—should receive payment for the parcels if they are no longer used as originally in-tended by Congress. However, the history of congressional involvement in Tulare justifies an ex-ception to this standard. Due to the circumstances, I am happy to support this bill and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This is not a significant bill. We are talking about a couple of acres of prop-erty that used to be owned by the Fed-eral Government that had no purpose and use for it. So they gave it up. But instead, Congress decided to include a reversionary clause with this stuff so that if they ever wanted to do some-thing different with these 2 acres of property, they would have to come crawling back to us to ask for our per-mission to do it, which is silly. It is ridiculous that we have to go through this process time, after time, after time. The Federal Government didn’t need this land originally. They still don’t need it, but they still have that particular clause attached to it. This land needs to be given over to the city who uses it so they can make improvements on facilities that have been used since the 1800s. And that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.025 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5594 June 25, 2018 
have to go through an actual law to do this, is a silly practice that we main-tain here in Congress. It should not be done. This is a perfect example of why the reversionary clause is no longer needed. If you really care about people, put a clause in there that says that if they want to change the practice, it has to be for the public interest and the pub-lic good. That would be logical. But what we have to do now is illogical in doing this particular bill. It needs to be done. It has to be done for the people who live there and for these properties, but it is silly that we have to go through this process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I agree. I think no Member of Con-gress enjoys an unnecessary crawl back, but I think the majority of the Members of Congress recognize our duty to protect the public interest. We resoundingly support what is a very, very good bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 805. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CALIFORNIA OFF-ROAD RECRE-ATION AND CONSERVATION ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 857) to provide for conserva-tion and enhanced recreation activities in the California Desert Conservation Area, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 857 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘California Off-Road Recreation and Con-servation Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. California Off-Road Recreation and Conservation. Sec. 3. Visitor center. Sec. 4. California State school land. Sec. 5. Designation of wild and scenic rivers. Sec. 6. Conforming amendments. 
SEC. 2. CALIFORNIA OFF-ROAD RECREATION AND CONSERVATION. 
Public Law 103–433 (16 U.S.C. 410aaa et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE XIII—WILDERNESS 
‘‘SEC. 1301. DESIGNATION OF WILDERNESS AREAS. 
‘‘(a) D ESIGNATION OF WILDERNESS AREAS TO B
EADMINISTERED BY THE BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT .—In accordance with the Wilder-ness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.) and sections 601 and 603 of the Federal Land Policy and Man-agement Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1781, 1782), the following land in the State is designated as wil-derness areas and as components of the Na-tional Wilderness Preservation System: ‘‘(1) A
VAWATZ MOUNTAINS WILDERNESS .—Cer- tain land in the Conservation Area administered by the Director of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, comprising approximately 91,800 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Avawatz Mountains Proposed Wilderness’ and dated June 30, 2015, to be known as the ‘Avawatz Mountains Wilderness’. ‘‘(2) G
OLDEN VALLEY WILDERNESS .—Certain land in the Conservation Area administered by the Director of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, comprising approximately 1,250 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Golden Valley Proposed Wilderness Additions’ and dated June 22, 2015, which shall be considered to be part of the ‘Golden Valley Wilderness’. ‘‘(3) G
REAT FALLS BASIN WILDERNESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Certain land in the Con-servation Area administered by the Director of the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 7,870 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Great Falls Basin Proposed Wilderness’ and dated April 29, 2015, to be known as the ‘Great Falls Basin Wilderness’. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—Designation of the wilder-ness under subparagraph (A) shall not establish a Class I Airshed under the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). ‘‘(4) K
INGSTON RANGE WILDERNESS .—Certain land in the Conservation Area administered by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 53,320 acres, as generally de-picted on the map entitled ‘Kingston Range Pro-posed Wilderness Additions’ and dated February 18, 2015, which shall be considered to be a part of as the ‘Kingston Range Wilderness’. ‘‘(5) S
ODA MOUNTAINS WILDERNESS .—Certain land in the Conservation Area, administered by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 79,990 acres, as generally de-picted on the map entitled ‘Soda Mountains Proposed Wilderness’ and dated February 18, 2015, to be known as the ‘Soda Mountains Wil-derness’. ‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION OF WILDERNESS AREAS TO B
EADMINISTERED BY THE NATIONAL PARKSERV-
ICE.—In accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.) and sections 601 and 603 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1781, 1782), the following land in the State is designated as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: ‘‘(1) D
EATH VALLEY NATIONAL PARK WILDER -
NESS ADDITIONS -NORTH EUREKA VALLEY .—Cer- tain land in the Conservation Area administered by the Director of the National Park Service, comprising approximately 11,496 acres, as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘Death Val-ley National Park Proposed Wilderness Area- North Eureka Valley’, numbered 143/100,082C, and dated October 7, 2014, which shall be con-sidered to be a part of the Death Valley Na-tional Park Wilderness. ‘‘(2) D
EATH VALLEY NATIONAL PARK WILDER -
NESS ADDITIONS -IBEX.—Certain land in the Con-servation Area administered by the Director of the National Park Service, comprising approxi-mately 23,650 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Death Valley National Park Pro-posed Wilderness Area-Ibex’, numbered 143/ 100,081C, and dated October 7, 2014, which shall be considered to be a part of the Death Valley National Park Wilderness. ‘‘(3) D
EATH VALLEY NATIONAL PARK WILDER -
NESS ADDITIONS -PANAMINT VALLEY .—Certain land in the Conservation Area administered by the Director of the National Park Service, com-prising approximately 4,807 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Death Valley Na-tional Park Proposed Wilderness Area-Panamint Valley’, numbered 143/100,083C, and dated Octo-ber 7, 2014, which shall be considered to be a part of the Death Valley National Park Wilder-ness. ‘‘(4) DEATH VALLEY NATIONAL PARK WILDER -
NESS ADDITIONS -WARM SPRINGS .—Certain land in the Conservation Area administered by the Di-rector of the National Park Service, comprising approximately 10,485 acres, as generally de-picted on the map entitled ‘Death Valley Na-tional Park Proposed Wilderness Area-Warm Spring Canyon/Galena Canyon’, numbered 143/ 100,084C, and dated October 7, 2014, which shall be considered to be a part of the Death Valley National Park Wilderness. ‘‘(5) D
EATH VALLEY NATIONAL PARK WILDER -
NESS ADDITIONS -AXE HEAD .—Certain land in the Conservation Area administered by the Director of the National Park Service, comprising ap-proximately 8,638 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Death Valley National Park Proposed Wilderness Area-Axe Head’, numbered 143/100,085C, and dated October 7, 2014, which shall be considered to be a part of the Death Valley National Park Wilderness. ‘‘(6) D
EATH VALLEY NATIONAL PARK WILDER -
NESS ADDITIONS -BOWLING ALLEY .—Certain land in the Conservation Area administered by the Director of the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 28,923 acres, as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘Death Val-ley National Park Proposed Wilderness Area- Bowling Alley’, numbered 143/128,606, and dated May 14, 2015, which shall be considered to be a part of the Death Valley National Park Wilder-ness. ‘‘(c) D
ESIGNATION OF WILDERNESS AREATOBE A
DMINISTERED BY THE FOREST SERVICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the land in the State described in paragraph (2) is des-ignated as a wilderness area and as a compo-nent of the National Wilderness Preservation System. ‘‘(2) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land referred to in paragraph (1) is certain land in the San Bernardino National Forest, comprising ap-proximately 7,141 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘San Gorgonio Proposed Wil-derness Expansion,’ and dated November 2, 2016, which shall considered to be a part of the San Gorgonio Wilderness. ‘‘(3) F
IRE MANAGEMENT AND RELATED ACTIVI -
TIES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may carry out such activities in the wilderness area des-ignated by paragraph (1) as are necessary for the control of fire, insects, and disease, in ac-cordance with section 4(d)(1) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(1)) and House Report 98– 40 of the 98th Congress. ‘‘(B) F
UNDING PRIORITIES .—Nothing in this subsection limits the provision of any funding for fire or fuel management in the wilderness area designated by paragraph (1). ‘‘(C) R
EVISION AND DEVELOPMENT OF LOCAL  
FIRE MANAGEMENT PLANS .—As soon as prac-ticable after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary shall amend the local fire manage-ment plans that apply to the wilderness area designated by paragraph (1). ‘‘(D) A
DMINISTRATION .—In accordance with subparagraph (A) and other applicable Federal law, to ensure a timely and efficient response to fire emergencies in the wilderness area des-ignated by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this title, establish agency approval procedures (including appropriate delegations of authority to the Forest Supervisor, District Manager, or other agency officials) for respond-ing to fire emergencies in the wilderness area designated by paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) enter into agreements with appropriate State or local firefighting agencies relating to that wilderness area. 
‘‘SEC. 1302. MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) A DJACENT MANAGEMENT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.026 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5595 June 25, 2018 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this title creates any protective perimeter or buffer zone around the wilderness areas designated by section 1301. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES OUTSIDE WILDERNESS AREAS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The fact that an activity (including military activities) or use on land outside a wilderness area designated by section 1301 can be seen or heard within the wilderness area shall not preclude or restrict the activity or use outside the boundary of the wilderness area. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT ON NONWILDERNESS ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In any permitting pro-ceeding (including a review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.)) conducted with respect to a project de-scribed in clause (ii) that is formally initiated through a notice in the Federal Register before December 31, 2013, the consideration of any vis-ual, noise, or other impacts of the project on a wilderness area designated by section 1301 shall be conducted based on the status of the area be-fore designation as wilderness. ‘‘(ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROJECTS .—A project re-ferred to in clause (i) is a renewable energy project or associated energy transport facility project— ‘‘(I) for which the Bureau of Land Manage-ment has received a right-of-way use applica-tion on or before the date of enactment of this title; and ‘‘(II) that is located outside the boundary of a wilderness area designated by section 1301. ‘‘(3) N
O ADDITIONAL REGULATION .—Nothing in this title requires additional regulation of activi-ties on land outside the boundary of the wilder-ness areas. ‘‘(4) E
FFECT ON MILITARY OPERATIONS .—Noth- ing in this title alters any authority of the Sec-retary of Defense to conduct any military oper-ations at desert installations, facilities, and ranges of the State that are authorized under any other provision of law. ‘‘(5) E
FFECT ON UTILITY FACILITIES AND  
RIGHTS -OF-WAY.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), nothing in this title terminates or precludes the renewal or reauthorization of any valid existing right-of-way or customary operation, mainte-nance, repair, upgrading, or replacement activi-ties in a right-of-way, issued, granted, or per-mitted to the Southern California Edison Com-pany or predecessors, successors, or assigns of the Southern California Edison Company that is located on land included in the San Gorgonio Wilderness Area or the Sand to Snow National Monument. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The activities described in subparagraph (A) shall be conducted in accord-ance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.) for the San Gorgonio Wilderness Area and in a manner compatible with the protection of objects and values for which the Sand to Snow National Monument was designated. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICABLE LAW .—In accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), any approval required for an increase in the voltage of the Coachella distribution circuit shall require consideration of alternative alignments, including alignments adjacent to State Route 62. ‘‘(b) M
APS; LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary shall file a map and legal description of each wilderness area and wilderness addition des-ignated by section 1301 with— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. ‘‘(2) F
ORCE OF LAW .—A map and legal descrip-tion filed under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this title, except that the Secretary may correct errors in the maps and legal descriptions. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each map and legal description filed under paragraph (1) shall be filed and made available for public inspection in the appropriate office of the Secretary. ‘‘(c) ADMINISTRATION .—Subject to valid exist-ing rights, the land designated as wilderness or as a wilderness addition by section 1301 shall be administered by the Secretary in accordance with this Act and the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), except that any reference in that Act to the Secretary of Agriculture shall also be considered to be a reference to the Secretary of the Interior, and any reference to the effective date shall be considered to be a reference to the date of enactment of this title. 
‘‘SEC. 1303. RELEASE OF WILDERNESS STUDY AREAS. 
‘‘(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that, for pur-poses of section 603 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782), any portion of a wilderness study area described in subsection (b) that is not designated as a wil-derness area or wilderness addition by section 1301 or any other Act enacted before the date of enactment of this title has been adequately studied for wilderness. ‘‘(b) D
ESCRIPTION OF STUDY AREAS.—The study areas referred to in subsection (a) are— ‘‘(1) the Cady Mountains Wilderness Study Area; ‘‘(2) the Kingston Range Wilderness Study Area; ‘‘(3) the Avawatz Mountain Wilderness Study Area; ‘‘(4) the Death Valley National Park Bound-ary and Wilderness Study Area; ‘‘(5) the Great Falls Basin Wilderness Study Area; and ‘‘(6) the Soda Mountains Wilderness Study Area. ‘‘(c) R
ELEASE .—Any portion of a wilderness study area described in subsection (b) that is not designated as a wilderness area or wilderness addition by section 1301 is no longer subject to section 603(c) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)). 
‘‘SEC. 1304. TREATMENT OF CHERRY-STEMMED ROADS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF CHERRY -STEMMED  R
OAD.—In this section, the term ‘cherry- stemmed road’ means a road or trail that is ex-cluded from a wilderness area or wilderness ad-dition designated by section 202 by a non-wil-derness corridor having designated wilderness on both sides, as generally depicted on the maps described in such section. ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON CLOSURE OR TRAVEL RE-
STRICTIONS ON CHERRY -STEMMED ROADS.—The Secretary concerned shall not— ‘‘(1) close any cherry-stemmed road that is open to the public as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act; ‘‘(2) prohibit motorized access on a cherry- stemmed road that is open to the public for mo-torized access as of the date of the enactment of this Act; or ‘‘(3) prohibit mechanized access on a cherry- stemmed road that is open to the public for mechanized access as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act. ‘‘(c) R
ESOURCE PROTECTION OR PUBLIC SAFE-
TYEXCEPTIONS .—Subsection (b) shall not apply to a cherry-stemmed road if the Secretary con-cerned determines that a closure or traffic re-striction of the cherry-stemmed road is nec-essary for purposes of significant resource pro-tection or public safety. 
‘‘SEC. 1305. DESIGNATION OF POTENTIAL WIL-DERNESS AREA. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Certain land administered by the National Park Service, comprising ap-proximately 1 acre as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Proposed Potential Wilderness, Mormon Peak Microwave Facility, Death Valley National Park’ and dated March 1, 2018, is des-ignated as a potential wilderness area. ‘‘(b) U
SES.—The Secretary shall permit only the uses on the land described in subsection (a) that were permitted on the date of enactment of the California Desert Protection Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–433). ‘‘(c) REESTABLISHMENT OF WILDERNESS DES-
IGNATION .— ‘‘(1) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register when the Sec-retary determines that— ‘‘(A) the communications site within the po-tential wilderness area designated under sub-section (a) is no longer used; ‘‘(B) the associated right-of-way is relin-quished or not renewed; and ‘‘(C) the conditions in the potential wilderness area designated by subparagraph (a) are com-patible with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.). ‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION .—Upon publication by the Secretary of the notice described in paragraph (1), the land described in subsection (a) shall be— ‘‘(A) designated as wilderness and as a com-ponent of the National Wilderness Preservation System; and ‘‘(B) incorporated into the Death Valley Na-tional Park Wilderness designated by section 601 of Public Law 103–433. ‘‘TITLE XIV—NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM ADDITIONS 
‘‘SEC. 1401. DEATH VALLEY NATIONAL PARK BOUNDARY REVISION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The boundary of Death Valley National Park is adjusted to include— ‘‘(1) the approximately 28,923 acres of Bureau of Land Management land in Inyo County, California, abutting the southern end of the Death Valley National Park that lies between Death Valley National Park to the north and Ft. Irwin Military Reservation to the south and which runs approximately 34 miles from west to east, as depicted on the map entitled ‘Death Valley National Park Proposed Boundary Addi-tion-Bowling Alley’, numbered 143/128,605, and dated May 14, 2015; and ‘‘(2) the approximately 6,369 acres of Bureau of Land Management land in Inyo County, California, located in the northeast area of Death Valley National Park that is within, and surrounded by, land under the jurisdiction of the Director of the National Park Service, as de-picted on the map entitled ‘Death Valley Na-tional Park Proposed Boundary Addition-Cra-ter’, numbered 143/100,079C, and dated October 7, 2014. ‘‘(b) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP.—The maps de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall be on file and available for public in-spection in the appropriate offices of the Na-tional Park Service. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this title as the ‘Sec-retary’) shall— ‘‘(1) administer any land added to Death Val-ley National Park under subsection (a)— ‘‘(A) as part of Death Valley National Park; and ‘‘(B) in accordance with applicable laws (in-cluding regulations); and ‘‘(2) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, enter into a memorandum of understanding with Inyo County, California, to permit operationally feasible, ongoing access and use (including, but not limited to, material storage as well as excavation) to gravel pits in existence as of that date along Saline Valley Road within Death Valley National Park for road maintenance and repairs in accordance with applicable laws (including regulations). ‘‘(d) E
NVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION .—To en- sure consistency with the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), and De-partment of the Interior policy, prior to the transfer of any of the lands described in sub-section (a) to the National Park Service, the land shall be fully investigated for contamina-tion in accordance with applicable environ-mental due diligence standards of the disposing agency and, within three years from the date of enactment of this subsection, the disposing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.010 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5596 June 25, 2018 
agency shall undertake any environmental re-mediation or clean up activities and pay for such activities relating to facilities, land or in-terest in land identified for transfer. 
‘‘SEC. 1402. MOJAVE NATIONAL PRESERVE. 
‘‘The boundary of the Mojave National Pre-serve is adjusted to include the 25 acres of Bu-reau of Land Management land in Baker, Cali-fornia, as depicted on the map entitled ‘Mojave National Preserve Proposed Boundary Addi-tion’, numbered 170/100,199, and dated August 2009. 
‘‘SEC. 1403. JOSHUA TREE NATIONAL PARK BOUNDARY REVISION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The boundary of the Josh-ua Tree National Park is adjusted to include— ‘‘(1) the 2,879 acres of land managed by Direc-tor of the Bureau of Land Management that are contiguous at several different places to the northern boundaries of Joshua Tree National Park in the northwest section of the Park, as depicted on the map entitled ‘Joshua Tree Na-tional Park Proposed Boundary Additions’, numbered 156/100,077, and dated August 2009; and ‘‘(2) the 1,639 acres of land to be acquired from the Mojave Desert Land Trust that are contiguous at several different places to the northern boundaries of Joshua Tree National Park in the northwest section of the Park, as depicted on the map entitled ‘Mojave Desert Land Trust National Park Service Additions’, numbered 156/126,376, and dated September 2014. ‘‘(b) A
VAILABILITY OF MAPS.—The map de-scribed in subsection (a) and the map depicting the 25 acres described in subsection (c)(2) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall admin-ister any land added to the Joshua Tree Na-tional Park under subsection (a) and the addi-tional land described in paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) as part of Joshua Tree National Park; and ‘‘(B) in accordance with applicable laws (in-cluding regulations). ‘‘(2) D
ESCRIPTION OF ADDITIONAL LAND .—The additional land referred to in paragraph (1) is the 25 acres of land— ‘‘(A) depicted on the map entitled ‘Joshua Tree National Park Boundary Adjustment Map’, numbered 156/80,049, and dated April 1, 2003; ‘‘(B) added to Joshua Tree National Park by the notice of the Department of the Interior of August 28, 2003 (68 Fed. Reg. 51799); and ‘‘(C) more particularly described as lots 26, 27, 28, 33, and 34 in sec. 34, T. 1 N., R. 8 E., San Bernardino Meridian. ‘‘(d) S
OUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON COMPANY  E
NERGY TRANSPORT FACILITIES AND RIGHTS -OF- W
AY.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this title termi-nates any valid right-of-way for the customary operation, maintenance, upgrade, repair, reloca-tion within an existing right-of-way, replace-ment, or other authorized energy transport fa-cility activities in a right-of-way issued, grant-ed, or permitted to the Southern California Edi-son Company or the predecessors, successors, or assigns of the Southern California Edison Com-pany that is located on land described in para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), including, at a minimum, the use of mechanized vehicles, helicopters, or other aerial devices. ‘‘(2) U
PGRADES AND REPLACEMENTS .—Nothing in this title prohibits the upgrading or replace-ment of— ‘‘(A) Southern California Edison Company en-ergy transport facilities, including the energy transport facilities referred to as the Jellystone, Burnt Mountain, Whitehorn, Allegra, and Utah distribution circuits rights-of-way; or ‘‘(B) an energy transport facility in rights-of- way issued, granted, or permitted by the Sec-retary adjacent to Southern California Edison Joshua Tree Utility Facilities. ‘‘(3) PUBLICATION OF PLANS .—Not later than the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this title or the issuance of a new en-ergy transport facility right-of-way within the Joshua Tree National Park, whichever is earlier, the Secretary, in consultation with the Southern California Edison Company, shall publish plans for regular and emergency access by the South-ern California Edison Company to the rights-of- way of the Southern California Edison Com-pany within Joshua Tree National Park. ‘‘TITLE XV—OFF-HIGHWAY VEHICLE RECREATION AREAS 
‘‘SEC. 1501. DESIGNATION OF OFF-HIGHWAY VEHI-CLE RECREATION AREAS. 
‘‘(a) D ESIGNATION .—In accordance with the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) and resource man-agement plans developed under this title and subject to valid rights, the following land within the Conservation Area in San Bernardino Coun-ty, California, is designated as Off-Highway Ve-hicle Recreation Areas: ‘‘(1) D
UMONT DUNES OFF -HIGHWAY VEHICLE  
RECREATION AREA .—Certain Bureau of Land Management land in the Conservation Area, comprising approximately 7,630 acres, as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘Dumont Dunes OHV Recreation Area’ and dated Feb-ruary 22, 2018, which shall be known as the ‘Dumont Dunes Off-Highway Vehicle Recre-ation Area’. ‘‘(2) E
L MIRAGE OFF -HIGHWAY VEHICLE RECRE -
ATION AREA .—Certain Bureau of Land Manage-ment land in the Conservation Area, comprising approximately 14,930 acres, as generally de-picted on the map entitled ‘El Mirage Proposed OHV Recreation Area’ and dated February 22, 2018, which shall be known as the ‘El Mirage Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area’. ‘‘(3) R
ASOR OFF -HIGHWAY VEHICLE RECREATION  
AREA.—Certain Bureau of Land Management land in the Conservation Area, comprising ap-proximately 23,910 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Rasor Proposed OHV Recreation Area’ and dated March 9, 2018, which shall be known as the ‘Rasor Off-High-way Vehicle Recreation Area’. ‘‘(4) S
PANGLER HILLS OFF -HIGHWAY VEHICLE  
RECREATION AREA .—Certain Bureau of Land Management land in the Conservation Area, comprising approximately 56,140 acres, as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘Spangler Hills Proposed OHV Recreation Area’ and dated March 9, 2018, which shall be known as the ‘Spangler Hills Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area’. ‘‘(5) S
TODDARD VALLEY OFF -HIGHWAY VEHICLE  
RECREATION AREA .—Certain Bureau of Land Management land in the Conservation Area, comprising approximately 40,110 acres, as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘Stoddard Valley Proposed OHV Recreation Area’ and dated March 9, 2018, which shall be known as the ‘Stoddard Valley Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area’. ‘‘(b) E
XPANSION OF JOHNSON VALLEY OFF- 
HIGHWAY VEHICLE RECREATION AREA.—The Johnson Valley Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area designated by section 2945 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113-66; 127 Stat. 1038) is expanded to include all of the land, ap-proximately 11,300 acres, depicted as the ‘Pro-posed Johnson Valley Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area Additions’ on the map entitled ‘Johnson Valley Off-Highway Vehicle Recre-ation Area’ and dated March 15, 2018. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the off-high-way vehicle recreation areas designated or ex-panded under subsections (a) and (b) is to pre-serve and enhance the recreational opportuni-ties within the Conservation Area (including op-portunities for off-highway vehicle recreation), while conserving the wildlife and other natural resource values of the Conservation Area. ‘‘(d) MAPS AND DESCRIPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
REPARATION AND SUBMISSION .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary shall file a map and legal de-scription of each off-highway vehicle recreation area designated or expanded by subsections (a) or (b) with— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. ‘‘(2) L
EGAL EFFECT .—The map and legal de-scriptions of the off-highway vehicle recreation areas filed under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this title, except that the Secretary may correct errors in the map and legal descriptions. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each map and legal description filed under paragraph (1) shall be filed and made available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. ‘‘(e) U
SE OF THE LAND.— ‘‘(1) R
ECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-tinue to authorize, maintain, and enhance the recreational uses of the off-highway vehicle recreation areas designated or expanded by sub-sections (a) and (b), including, but not limited to off-highway recreation, hiking, camping, hunting, mountain biking, sightseeing, rockhounding, and horseback riding, as long as the recreational use is consistent with this sec-tion, the protection of public health and safety, and any other applicable law. ‘‘(B) O
FF-HIGHWAY VEHICLE AND OFF -HIGHWAY  
RECREATION .—To the extent consistent with ap-plicable Federal law (including regulations) and this section, any authorized recreation activities and use designations in effect on the date of en-actment of this title and applicable to the off- highway vehicle recreation areas designated or expanded by subsections (a) and (b) shall con-tinue, including casual off-highway vehicular use, racing, competitive events, rock crawling, training, and other forms of off-highway recre-ation. ‘‘(2) W
ILDLIFE GUZZLERS .—Wildlife guzzlers shall be allowed in the off-highway vehicle recreation areas designated by subsection (a) in accordance with— ‘‘(A) applicable Bureau of Land Management guidelines; and ‘‘(B) State law. ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITED USES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Permanent commercial de-velopment (including development of energy fa-cilities, but excluding energy transport facilities, rights-of-way, and related telecommunication facilities) shall be prohibited in the off-highway vehicle recreation areas designated or expanded by subsections (a) and (b) if the Secretary deter-mines that the development is incompatible with the purpose of this title. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR TEMPORARY PERMITTED  
VENDORS .—Subparagraph (A) does not prohibit a commercial vendor from establishing, pursu-ant to a temporary permit, a site in the off-high-way vehicle recreation areas for the purpose of providing accessories and other support for off- highway vehicles and vehicles used for access-ing the area. ‘‘(f) A
DMINISTRATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall admin-ister the off-highway vehicle recreation areas designated or expanded by subsections (a) and (b) in accordance with— ‘‘(A) this title; ‘‘(B) the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and ‘‘(C) any other applicable laws (including reg-ulations). ‘‘(2) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 3 years after the date of enact-ment of this title, the Secretary will evaluate and determine if current land use plans meet the intent of this Act. If not, the Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.010 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5597 June 25, 2018 
‘‘(i) amend existing resource management plans applicable to the land designated as off- highway vehicle recreation areas under sub-section (a); or ‘‘(ii) develop new activity plans for each off- highway vehicle recreation area designated under that subsection. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—All new or amended plans under subparagraph (A) shall be designed to preserve and enhance safe off-highway vehi-cle and other recreational opportunities within the applicable recreation area consistent with— ‘‘(i) the purpose described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(ii) any applicable laws (including regula-tions). ‘‘(C) I
NTERIM PLANS .—Pending completion of a new activity plan under subparagraph (A), the existing resource management plans shall govern the use of the applicable off-highway ve-hicle recreation area. ‘‘(g) S
TUDY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this title, the Secretary shall complete a study to identify Bureau of Land Management land within the Conservation Area that is suit-able for addition to— ‘‘(A) the off-highway vehicle recreation areas designated by subsection (a) and (b); or ‘‘(B) the Johnson Valley Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area designated by section 2945 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113-66; 127 Stat. 1038). ‘‘(2) S
TUDY AREAS .—The study required under paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) certain Bureau of Land Management land in the Conservation Area, comprising ap-proximately 41,000 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Spangler Hills Proposed OHV Recreation Area’ and dated March 9, 2018; ‘‘(B) certain Bureau of Land Management land in the Conservation Area, comprising ap-proximately 680 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘El Mirage Proposed OHV Recreation Area’ and dated February 22, 2018; and ‘‘(C) certain Bureau of Land Management land in the Conservation Area, comprising ap-proximately 10,300 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Johnson Valley Off-High-way Vehicle Recreation Area’ and dated March 15, 2018. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In preparing the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) seek input from stakeholders, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) the State, including— ‘‘(I) the California Public Utilities Commis-sion; and ‘‘(II) the California Energy Commission; ‘‘(ii) San Bernardino County, California; ‘‘(iii) the public; ‘‘(iv) recreational user groups; ‘‘(v) conservation organizations; ‘‘(vi) the Southern California Edison Com-pany; ‘‘(vii) the Pacific Gas and Electric Company; and ‘‘(viii) other Federal agencies, including the Department of Defense; ‘‘(B) explore the feasibility of— ‘‘(i) expanding the southern boundary of the off-highway vehicle recreation area described in subsection (a)(3) to include previously disturbed land; and ‘‘(ii) establishing a right of way for OHV use in the area identified in (g)(2), to the extent nec-essary to connect the non-contiguous areas of the Johnson Valley Off-Highway Vehicle Recre-ation Area; ‘‘(C) identify and exclude from consideration any land that— ‘‘(i) is managed for conservation purposes; ‘‘(ii) is identified as critical habitat for a listed species; ‘‘(iii) may be suitable for renewable energy de-velopment; or ‘‘(iv) may be necessary for energy trans-mission; and ‘‘(D) not recommend or approve expansion of off-highway vehicle recreation areas within the Conservation Area that collectively would ex-ceed the total acres administratively designated for off-highway recreation within the Conserva-tion Area as of the day before the date of enact-ment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113-66; 127 Stat. 672). ‘‘(4) APPLICABLE LAW .—The Secretary shall consider the information and recommendations of the study completed under paragraph (1) to determine the impacts of expanding off-highway vehicle recreation areas designated by sub-section (a) on the Conservation Area, in accord-ance with— ‘‘(A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); ‘‘(B) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); ‘‘(C) applicable regulations and plans, includ-ing the Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan Land Use Plan Amendment; and ‘‘(D) any other applicable law. ‘‘(5) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—On comple-tion of the study under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall submit the study to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. ‘‘(6) A
UTHORIZATION FOR EXPANSION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—On completion of the study under paragraph (1) and in accordance with all applicable laws (including regulations), the Sec-retary shall authorize the expansion of the off- highway vehicle recreation areas recommended under the study. ‘‘(B) M
ANAGEMENT .—Any land within the ex-panded areas under subparagraph (A) shall be managed in accordance with this section. ‘‘(h) S
OUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON COMPANY  U
TILITY FACILITIES AND RIGHTS -OF-WAY.— ‘‘(1) E
FFECT OF TITLE .—Nothing in this title— ‘‘(A) terminates any validly issued right-of- way for the customary operation, maintenance, upgrade, repair, relocation within an existing right-of-way, replacement, or other authorized energy transport facility activities (including the use of any mechanized vehicle, helicopter, and other aerial device) in a right-of-way issued, granted, or permitted to Southern Cali-fornia Edison Company (including any prede-cessor or successor in interest or assign) that is located on land included in— ‘‘(i) the El Mirage Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area; ‘‘(ii) the Spangler Hills Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area; or ‘‘(iii) the Stoddard Valley Off Highway Vehi-cle Recreation Area; ‘‘(B) affects the application, siting, route se-lection, right-of-way acquisition, or construc-tion of the Coolwater-Lugo transmission project, as may be approved by the California Public Utilities Commission and the Bureau of Land Management; or ‘‘(C) prohibits the upgrading or replacement of any Southern California Edison Company— ‘‘(i) utility facility, including such a utility facility known on the date of enactment of this title as— ‘‘(I) ‘Gale-PS 512 transmission lines or rights- of-way’; and ‘‘(II) ‘Patio, Jack Ranch, and Kenworth dis-tribution circuits or rights-of-way’; and ‘‘(ii) energy transport facility in a right-of- way issued, granted, or permitted by the Sec-retary adjacent to a utility facility referred to in clause (i). ‘‘(2) P
LANS FOR ACCESS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Southern California Edi-son Company, shall publish plans for regular and emergency access by the Southern Cali-fornia Edison Company to the rights-of-way of the Company by the date that is 1 year after the later of— ‘‘(A) the date of enactment of this title; and ‘‘(B) the date of issuance of a new energy transport facility right-of-way within— ‘‘(i) the El Mirage Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area; ‘‘(ii) the Spangler Hills Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area; or ‘‘(iii) the Stoddard Valley Off Highway Vehi-cle Recreation Area. ‘‘(i) PACIFIC GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY  U
TILITY FACILITIES AND RIGHTS -OF-WAY.— ‘‘(1) E
FFECT OF TITLE .—Nothing in this title— ‘‘(A) terminates any validly issued right-of- way for the customary operation, maintenance, upgrade, repair, relocation within an existing right-of-way, replacement, or other authorized activity (including the use of any mechanized vehicle, helicopter, and other aerial device) in a right-of-way issued, granted, or permitted to Pacific Gas and Electric Company (including any predecessor or successor in interest or as-sign) that is located on land included in the Spangler Hills Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area; or ‘‘(B) prohibits the upgrading or replacement of any— ‘‘(i) utility facilities of the Pacific Gas and Electric Company, including those utility facili-ties known on the date of enactment of this title as— ‘‘(I) Gas Transmission Line 311 or rights-of- way; and ‘‘(II) Gas Transmission Line 372 or rights-of- way; and ‘‘(ii) utility facilities of the Pacific Gas and Electric Company in rights-of-way issued, granted, or permitted by the Secretary adjacent to a utility facility referred to in clause (i). ‘‘(2) P
LANS FOR ACCESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this title or the issuance of a new utility facility right-of-way within the Spangler Hills Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area, whichever is later, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Pacific Gas and Electric Company, shall publish plans for reg-ular and emergency access by the Pacific Gas and Electric Company to the rights-of-way of the Pacific Gas and Electric Company. ‘‘TITLE XVI—ALABAMA HILLS NATIONAL SCENIC AREA 
‘‘SEC. 1601. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘manage-ment plan’ means the management plan for the National Scenic Area developed under section 1603(a). ‘‘(2) M
AP.—The term ‘Map’ means the map ti-tled ‘Proposed Alabama Hills National Scenic Area’, dated September 8, 2014. ‘‘(3) M
OTORIZED VEHICLES .—The term ‘motor-ized vehicles’ means motorized or mechanized vehicles and includes, when used by utilities, mechanized equipment, helicopters, and other aerial devices necessary to maintain electrical or communications infrastructure. ‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL SCENIC AREA .—The term ‘Na-tional Scenic Area’ means the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area established by section 1602(a). ‘‘(5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the Interior. ‘‘(6) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means the State of California. ‘‘(7) T
RIBE.—The term ‘Tribe’ means the Lone Pine Paiute-Shoshone. ‘‘(8) U
TILITY FACILITY .—The term ‘utility fa-cility’ means any and all existing and future water system facilities including aqueducts, streams, ditches, and canals; water facilities in-cluding, but not limited to, flow measuring sta-tions, gauges, gates, valves, piping, conduits, fencing, and electrical power and communica-tions devices and systems; and any and all ex-isting and future electric generation facilities, electric storage facilities, overhead and/or un-derground electrical supply systems and commu-nication systems consisting of electric sub-stations, electric lines, poles and towers made of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.010 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5598 June 25, 2018 
various materials, ‘H’ frame structures, guy wires and anchors, crossarms, wires, under-ground conduits, cables, vaults, manholes, handholes, above-ground enclosures, markers and concrete pads and other fixtures, appli-ances and communication circuits, and other fixtures, appliances and appurtenances con-nected therewith necessary or convenient for the construction, operation, regulation, control, grounding and maintenance of electric genera-tion, storage, lines and communication circuits, for the purpose of transmitting intelligence and generating, storing, distributing, regulating and controlling electric energy to be used for light, heat, power, communication, and other pur-poses. 
‘‘SEC. 1602. ALABAMA HILLS NATIONAL SCENIC AREA, CALIFORNIA. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Subject to valid, exist-ing rights, there is established in Inyo County, California, the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area. The National Scenic Area shall be com-prised of the approximately 18,610 acres gen-erally depicted on the Map as ‘National Scenic Area’. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the National Scenic Area is to conserve, protect, and enhance for the benefit, use, and enjoyment of present and future generations the nationally signifi-cant scenic, cultural, geological, educational, biological, historical, recreational, cinemato-graphic, and scientific resources of the National Scenic Area managed consistent with section 302(a) of the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1732(a)). ‘‘(c) M
AP; LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and a legal description of the National Scenic Area with— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) F
ORCE OF LAW .—The map and legal de-scriptions filed under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct any clerical and typographical errors in the map and legal descriptions. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each map and legal description filed under paragraph (1) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management. ‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall manage the National Scenic Area— ‘‘(1) as a component of the National Land-scape Conservation System; ‘‘(2) so as not to impact the future continuing operations and maintenance of any activities associated with valid, existing rights, including water rights; ‘‘(3) in a manner that conserves, protects, and enhances the resources and values of the Na-tional Scenic Area described in subsection (b); and ‘‘(4) in accordance with— ‘‘(A) the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); ‘‘(B) this Act; and ‘‘(C) any other applicable laws. ‘‘(e) M
ANAGEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall allow only such uses of the National Scenic Area as the Secretary determines would support the pur-poses of the National Scenic Area as described in subsection (b). ‘‘(2) R
ECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—Except as otherwise provided in this Act or other applica-ble law, or as the Secretary determines to be necessary for public health and safety, the Sec-retary shall allow existing recreational uses of the National Scenic Area to continue, including, but not limited to, hiking, mountain biking, rock climbing, sightseeing, horseback riding, hunt-ing, fishing, and appropriate authorized motor-ized vehicle use. ‘‘(3) MOTORIZED VEHICLES .—Except as speci-fied within this Act and/or in cases in which motorized vehicles are needed for administrative purposes, or to respond to an emergency, the use of motorized vehicles in the National Scenic Area shall be permitted only on— ‘‘(A) roads and trails designated by the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Land Management for use of motorized vehicles as part of a management plan sustaining a semi-primitive motorized expe-rience; or ‘‘(B) on county-maintained roads in accord-ance with applicable State and county laws. ‘‘(f) N
OBUFFER ZONES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act creates a protective perimeter or buffer zone around the National Scenic Area. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES OUTSIDE NATIONAL SCENIC  
AREA.—The fact that an activity or use on land outside the National Scenic Area can be seen or heard within the National Scenic Area shall not preclude the activity or use outside the bound-aries of the National Scenic Area. ‘‘(g) A
CCESS .—The Secretary shall continue to provide private landowners adequate access to inholdings in the National Scenic Area. ‘‘(h) F
ILMING .—Nothing in this Act prohibits filming (including commercial film production, student filming, and still photography) within the National Scenic Area— ‘‘(1) subject to— ‘‘(A) such reasonable regulations, policies, and practices as the Secretary considers to be necessary; and ‘‘(B) applicable law; and ‘‘(2) in a manner consistent with the purposes described in subsection (b). ‘‘(i) F
ISH AND WILDLIFE .—Nothing in this Act affects the jurisdiction or responsibilities of the State with respect to fish and wildlife. ‘‘(j) L
IVESTOCK .—The grazing of livestock in the National Scenic Area, including grazing under the Alabama Hills allotment and the George Creek allotment, as established before the date of enactment of this Act, shall be per-mitted to continue— ‘‘(1) subject to— ‘‘(A) such reasonable regulations, policies, and practices as the Secretary considers to be necessary; and ‘‘(B) applicable law; and ‘‘(2) in a manner consistent with the purposes described in subsection (b). ‘‘(k) O
VERFLIGHTS .—Nothing in this Act re-stricts or precludes flights over the National Sce-nic Area or overflights that can be seen or heard within the National Scenic Area, including— ‘‘(1) transportation, sightseeing and filming flights, general aviation planes, helicopters, hang-gliders, and balloonists, for commercial or recreational purposes; ‘‘(2) low-level overflights of military aircraft; ‘‘(3) flight testing and evaluation; ‘‘(4) the designation or creation of new units of special use airspace, or the establishment of military flight training routes, over the National Scenic Area; or ‘‘(5) the use, including take-off and landing, of helicopters and other aerial devices within valid rights-of-way to construct or maintain en-ergy transport facilities. ‘‘(l) W
ITHDRAWAL .—Subject to this Act’s pro-visions and valid rights in existence on the date of enactment of this Act, including rights estab-lished by prior withdrawals, the Federal land within the National Scenic Area is withdrawn from all forms of— ‘‘(1) entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; ‘‘(2) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and ‘‘(3) disposition under all laws pertaining to mineral and geothermal leasing or mineral mate-rials. ‘‘(m) W
ILDLAND FIREOPERATIONS .—Nothing in this Act prohibits the Secretary, in coopera-tion with other Federal, State, and local agen-cies, as appropriate, from conducting wildland fire operations in the National Scenic Area, con-sistent with the purposes described in subsection (b). ‘‘(n) GRANTS ; COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— The Secretary may make grants to, or enter into cooperative agreements with, State, tribal, and local governmental entities and private entities to conduct research, interpretation, or public education or to carry out any other initiative re-lating to the restoration, conservation, or man-agement of the National Scenic Area. ‘‘(o) A
IR AND WATER QUALITY .—Nothing in this Act modifies any standard governing air or water quality outside of the boundaries of the National Scenic Area. ‘‘(p) U
TILITY FACILITIES AND RIGHTS OF  W
AY.— ‘‘(1) Nothing in this Act shall— ‘‘(A) affect the existence, use, operation, maintenance (including but not limited to vege-tation control), repair, construction, reconfig-uration, expansion, inspection, renewal, recon-struction, alteration, addition, relocation, im-provement, funding, removal, or replacement of utility facilities or appurtenant rights of way within or adjacent to the National Scenic Area; ‘‘(B) affect necessary or efficient access to utility facilities or rights of way within or adja-cent to the National Scenic Area subject to sub-section (e); or ‘‘(C) preclude the Secretary from authorizing the establishment of new utility facility rights of way (including instream sites, routes, and areas) within the National Scenic Area in a manner that minimizes harm to the purpose of the National Scenic Area as described in sub-section (b)— ‘‘(i) with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other applicable law; ‘‘(ii) subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be appropriate; and ‘‘(iii) are determined, by the Secretary, to be the only technical or feasible location, following consideration of alternatives within existing rights of way or outside of the National Scenic Area. ‘‘(2) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .—Consistent with this Act, the Management Plan shall establish plans for maintenance of public utility and other rights of way within the National Scenic Area. 
‘‘SEC. 1603. MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, in ac-cordance with subsection (b), the Secretary shall develop a comprehensive plan for the long-term management of the National Scenic Area. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the man-agement plan, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) consult with appropriate State, tribal, and local governmental entities, including Inyo County and the Tribe; and ‘‘(2) seek input from— ‘‘(A) investor-owned utilities, including Southern California Edison Company; ‘‘(B) the Alabama Hills Stewardship Group; ‘‘(C) members of the public; and ‘‘(D) the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENT .—In accordance with this title, the management plan shall include provi-sions for maintenance of existing public utility and other rights-of-way within the National Scenic Area. ‘‘(d) I
NCORPORATION OF MANAGEMENT PLAN.— In developing the management plan, in accord-ance with this section, the Secretary shall allow, in perpetuity, casual-use mining limited to the use of hand tools, metal detectors, hand-fed dry washers, vacuum cleaners, gold pans, small sluices, and similar items. ‘‘(e) I
NTERIM MANAGEMENT .—Pending comple-tion of the management plan, the Secretary shall manage the National Scenic Area in ac-cordance with section 1602. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.010 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5599 June 25, 2018 
‘‘SEC. 1604. LAND TAKEN INTO TRUST FOR LONE PINE PAIUTE-SHOSHONE RESERVA-TION. 
‘‘(a) T RUST LAND.—All right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to the approxi-mately 132 acres of Federal land depicted on the Map as ‘Lone Pine Paiute-Shoshone Reserva-tion Addition’ shall be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe, sub-ject to the following: ‘‘(1) C
ONDITIONS .—The land shall be subject to all easements, covenants, conditions, restric-tions, withdrawals, and other matters of record on the date of the enactment of this Act. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—The Federal lands over which the right-of-way for the Los Angeles Aq-ueduct is located, generally described as the 250- foot-wide right-of-way granted to the City of Los Angeles pursuant to the Act of June 30, 1906 (Chap. 3926), shall not be taken into trust for the Tribe. ‘‘(b) S
URVEY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete a survey of the boundary lines to establish the boundaries of the land taken into trust under subsection (a). ‘‘(c) R
ESERVATION LAND.—The land taken into trust pursuant to subsection (a) shall be consid-ered part of the reservation of the Tribe. ‘‘(d) G
AMING PROHIBITION .—Gaming under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.) shall not be allowed on the land taken into trust pursuant to subsection (a). 
‘‘SEC. 1605. TRANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JU-RISDICTION. 
‘‘Administrative jurisdiction of the approxi-mately 56 acres of Federal land depicted on the Map as ‘USFS Transfer to BLM’ is hereby transferred from the Forest Service under the Secretary of Agriculture to the Bureau of Land Management under the Secretary. 
‘‘SEC. 1606. PROTECTION OF SERVICES AND REC-REATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES. 
‘‘(a) E FFECT OF TITLE.—Nothing in this title shall be construed to limit commercial services for existing and historic recreation uses as au-thorized by the Bureau of Land Management’s permit process. ‘‘(b) G
UIDED RECREATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES .— Commercial permits to exercise guided rec-reational opportunities for the public authorized as of the date of the enactment of this title may continue to be authorized. ‘‘TITLE XVII—MISCELLANEOUS 
‘‘SEC. 1701. MILITARY ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘Nothing in this Act— ‘‘(1) restricts or precludes Department of De-fense motorized access by land or air— ‘‘(A) to respond to an emergency within a wil-derness area designated by this Act; or ‘‘(B) to control access to the emergency site; ‘‘(2) prevents nonmechanized military training activities previously conducted on wilderness areas designated by this title that are consistent with— ‘‘(A) the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.); and ‘‘(B) all applicable laws (including regula-tions); ‘‘(3) restricts or precludes low-level overflights of military aircraft over the areas designated as wilderness, national monuments, special man-agement areas, or recreation areas by this Act, including military overflights that can be seen or heard within the designated areas; ‘‘(4) restricts or precludes flight testing and evaluation in the areas described in paragraph (3); or ‘‘(5) restricts or precludes the designation or creation of new units of special use airspace, or the establishment of military flight training routes, over the areas described in paragraph (3). 
‘‘SEC. 1702. PROHIBITED USES OF ACQUIRED, DO-NATED, AND CONSERVATION LAND. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
CQUIRED LAND .—The term ‘acquired land’ means any land acquired within the Con-servation Area using amounts from funds such as the Land and Water Conservation Fund es-tablished under section 200302 of title 54, United States Code. ‘‘(2) CONSERVATION LAND .—The term ‘con-servation land’ means any land within the Con-servation Area that is designated by the Bureau of Land Management in the California Desert Conservation Area Plan, as amended, for con-servation purposes, as part of a mitigation agreement, or to satisfy the conditions of a Fed-eral habitat conservation plan, general con-servation plan, or State natural communities conservation plan, including— ‘‘(A) National Conservation Land established pursuant to section 2002(b)(2)(D) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7202(b)(2)(D)); and ‘‘(B) Areas of Critical Environmental Concern established pursuant to section 202(c)(3) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712(c)(3)). ‘‘(3) D
ONATED LAND .—The term ‘donated land’ means any private land donated to the United States for conservation purposes in the Con-servation Area. ‘‘(4) D
ONOR .—The term ‘donor’ means an indi-vidual or entity that donates private land with-in the Conservation Area to the United States. ‘‘(5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITIONS .—Except as provided in subsection (c), the Secretary shall not authorize the use of acquired land, conservation land, or donated land within the Conservation Area for any activities contrary to the conservation pur-poses for which the land was acquired, des-ignated, or donated, including— ‘‘(1) disposal; ‘‘(2) rights-of-way; ‘‘(3) leases; ‘‘(4) livestock grazing; ‘‘(5) infrastructure development, except as provided in subsection (c); ‘‘(6) mineral entry; and ‘‘(7) off-highway vehicle use, except on— ‘‘(A) designated routes; ‘‘(B) off-highway vehicle areas designated by law; and ‘‘(C) administratively designated open areas. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION BY SECRETARY .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary may authorize limited exceptions to prohibited uses of acquired land or donated land in the Conservation Area if— ‘‘(A) a right-of-way application for a renew-able energy development project or associated energy transport facility on acquired land or do-nated land was submitted to the Bureau of Land Management on or before December 1, 2009; or ‘‘(B) after the completion and consideration of an analysis under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), and any appropriate land use plan amendment under the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the Sec-retary has determined that proposed use is in the public interest. ‘‘(2) C
ONDITIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary grants an exception to the prohibition under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall require the permittee to donate private land of comparable value located within the Conservation Area to the United States to mitigate the use. ‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL .—The private land to be do-nated under subparagraph (A) shall be ap-proved by the Secretary after— ‘‘(i) consultation, to the maximum extent practicable, with the donor of the private land proposed for nonconservation uses; and ‘‘(ii) an opportunity for public comment re-garding the donation. ‘‘(d) E
XISTING AGREEMENTS .—Nothing in this section affects permitted or prohibited uses of donated land or acquired land in the Conserva-tion Area established in any easements, deed re-strictions, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements in existence on the date of en-actment of this title. ‘‘(e) DEEDRESTRICTIONS .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this title, within the Conservation Area, the Secretary may— ‘‘(1) accept deed restrictions requested by landowners for land donated to, or otherwise acquired by, the United States; and ‘‘(2) consistent with existing rights, create deed restrictions, easements, or other third- party rights relating to any public land deter-mined by the Secretary to be necessary— ‘‘(A) to fulfill the mitigation requirements re-sulting from the development of renewable re-sources; or ‘‘(B) to satisfy the conditions of— ‘‘(i) a habitat conservation plan or general conservation plan established pursuant to sec-tion 10 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1539); or ‘‘(ii) a natural communities conservation plan approved by the State. ‘‘(f) E
XISTING RIGHTS OF WAY AND LEASES .— Nothing in this section shall terminate or pre-clude the renewal or reauthorization of valid ex-isting rights-of-way or leases on the donated land. 
‘‘SEC. 1703. TRIBAL USES AND INTERESTS. 
‘‘(a) A CCESS .—The Secretary shall ensure ac-cess to areas designated under this Act by mem-bers of Indian tribes for traditional cultural and religious purposes, consistent with applicable law, including Public Law 95–341 (commonly known as the ‘American Indian Religious Free-dom Act’) (42 U.S.C. 1996). ‘‘(b) T
EMPORARY CLOSURE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with appli-cable law, including Public Law 95–341 (com-monly known as the ‘American Indian Religious Freedom Act’) (42 U.S.C. 1996), and subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary, on request of an Indian tribe or Indian religious community, shall temporarily close to general public use any portion of an area designated as a national monument, special management area, wild and scenic river, area of critical environmental con-cern, or National Park System unit under this Act (referred to in this subsection as a ‘des-ignated area’) to protect the privacy of tradi-tional cultural and religious activities in the designated area by members of the Indian tribe or Indian religious community. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—In closing a portion of a designated area under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall limit the closure to the smallest practicable area for the minimum period nec-essary for the traditional cultural and religious activities. ‘‘(c) C
ULTURAL RESOURCES MANAGEMENT  P
LAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary of the Interior shall develop and implement a cultural resources management plan to identify, protect, and conserve cultural resources of In-dian tribes associated with the Xam Kwatchan Trail network extending from Avikwaame (Spirit Mountain, Nevada) to Avikwlal (Pilot Knob, California). ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall con-sult on the development and implementation of the cultural resources management plan under paragraph (1) with— ‘‘(A) each of— ‘‘(i) the Chemehuevi Indian Tribe; ‘‘(ii) the Hualapai Tribal Nation; ‘‘(iii) the Fort Mojave Indian Tribe; ‘‘(iv) the Colorado River Indian Tribes; ‘‘(v) the Quechan Indian Tribe; and ‘‘(vi) the Cocopah Indian Tribe; and ‘‘(B) the State Historic Preservation Offices of Nevada, Arizona, and California. ‘‘(3) R
ESOURCE PROTECTION .—The cultural re-sources management plan developed under paragraph (1) shall be— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.010 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5600 June 25, 2018 
‘‘(A) based on a completed cultural resources survey; and ‘‘(B) include procedures for identifying, pro-tecting, and preserving petroglyphs, ancient trails, intaglios, sleeping circles, artifacts, and other resources of cultural, archaeological, or historical significance in accordance with all applicable laws and policies, including— ‘‘(i) chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code; ‘‘(ii) Public Law 95–341 (commonly known as the ‘American Indian Religious Freedom Act’) (42 U.S.C. 1996); ‘‘(iii) the Archaeological Resources Protection Act of 1979 (16 U.S.C. 470aa et seq.); ‘‘(iv) the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); and ‘‘(v) Public Law 103–141 (commonly known as the ‘Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993’) (42 U.S.C. 2000bb et seq.). ‘‘(d) W
ITHDRAWAL .—Subject to valid existing rights, all Federal land within the area adminis-tratively withdrawn and known as the ‘Indian Pass Withdrawal Area’ is permanently with-drawn from— ‘‘(1) all forms of entry, appropriation, or dis-posal under the public land laws; ‘‘(2) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and ‘‘(3) right-of-way leasing and disposition under all laws relating to minerals or solar, wind, or geothermal energy. 
‘‘SEC. 1704. RELEASE OF FEDERAL REVER-SIONARY LAND INTERESTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) 1932 
ACT.—The ‘1932 Act’ means the Act of June 18, 1932 (47 Stat. 324, chapter 270). ‘‘(2) D
ISTRICT .—The ‘District’ means the Met-ropolitan Water District of Southern California. ‘‘(b) R
ELEASE .—Subject to valid existing claims perfected prior to the effective date of the 1932 Act and the reservation of minerals set forth in the 1932 Act, the Secretary shall release, convey, or otherwise quitclaim to the District, in a form recordable in local county records, and subject to the approval of the District, after con-sultation and without monetary consideration, all right, title, and remaining interest of the United States in and to the land that was con-veyed to the District pursuant to the 1932 Act or any other law authorizing conveyance subject to restrictions or reversionary interests retained by the United States, on request by the District. ‘‘(c) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—A conveyance authorized by subsection (b) shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: ‘‘(1) The District shall cover, or reimburse the Secretary for, the costs incurred by the Sec-retary to make the conveyance, including title searches, surveys, deed preparation, attorneys’ fees, and similar expenses. ‘‘(2) By accepting the conveyances, the Dis-trict agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the United States with regard to any boundary dis-pute relating to any parcel conveyed under this section. 
‘‘SEC. 1705. DESERT TORTOISE CONSERVATION CENTER. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this section as the ‘Sec-retary’) shall establish, operate, and maintain a bi-State center, to be known as the ‘Desert Tor-toise Conservation Center’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Center’), on public land along the border between the States of California and Nevada— ‘‘(1) to support desert tortoise research, dis-ease monitoring, handling training, rehabilita-tion, and reintroduction; and ‘‘(2) to ensure the full recovery and ongoing survival of the desert tortoise species. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) seek the participation of or contract with qualified nongovernmental organizations with expertise in desert tortoise disease research and experience with desert tortoise translocation techniques, and scientific training of profes-sional biologists for handling tortoises, to staff and manage the Center, including through the use of public-private partnerships for funding and other purposes, where appropriate; ‘‘(2) ensure that the Center engages in public outreach and education on tortoise handling; and ‘‘(3) consult with the States of California and Nevada to ensure the center is operated consist-ently with applicable State law. ‘‘(c) NON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Sec- retary may accept and expend contributions of non-Federal funds to establish, operate, and maintain the Center. 
‘‘SEC. 1706. WILDLIFE CORRIDORS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) assess the impacts of habitat fragmenta-tion on wildlife in the Conservation Area; and ‘‘(2) establish policies and procedures to en-sure the preservation of wildlife corridors and facilitate species migration. ‘‘(b) S
TUDY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this title, the Secretary shall complete a study regarding the impact of habitat frag-mentation on wildlife in the Conservation Area. ‘‘(2) C
OMPONENTS .—The study under para-graph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) identify the species migrating, or likely to migrate, in the Conservation Area; ‘‘(B) examine the impacts and potential im-pacts of habitat fragmentation on— ‘‘(i) plants, insects, and animals; and ‘‘(ii) species migration and survival; ‘‘(C) identify critical wildlife and species mi-gration corridors recommended for preservation; and ‘‘(D) include recommendations for ensuring the biological connectivity of public land man-aged by the Secretary and the Secretary of De-fense throughout the Conservation Area. ‘‘(3) R
IGHTS -OF-WAY.—The Secretary shall consider the information and recommendations of the study under paragraph (1) to determine the individual and cumulative impacts of rights- of-way for projects in the Conservation Area, in accordance with— ‘‘(A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); ‘‘(B) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and ‘‘(C) any other applicable law. ‘‘(c) L
AND MANAGEMENT PLANS.—The Sec- retary shall incorporate into all land manage-ment plans applicable to the Conservation Area the findings and recommendations of the study completed under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 3. VISITOR CENTER. 
Title IV of the California Desert Protection Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 410aaa–21 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 408. VISITOR CENTER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may acquire not more than 5 acres of land and interests in land, and improvements on the land and inter-ests, outside the boundaries of Joshua Tree Na-tional Park, in the unincorporated village of Joshua Tree, for the purpose of operating a vis-itor center. ‘‘(b) B
OUNDARY .—The Secretary shall modify the boundary of the park to include the land ac-quired under this section as a noncontiguous parcel. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—Land and facilities ac-quired under this section— ‘‘(1) may include the property owned (as of the date of enactment of this section) by the Joshua Tree National Park Association and commonly referred to as the ‘Joshua Tree Na-tional Park Visitor Center’; ‘‘(2) shall be administered by the Secretary as part of the park; and ‘‘(3) may be acquired only with the consent of the owner, by donation, purchase with donated or appropriated funds, or exchange.’’. SEC. 4. CALIFORNIA STATE SCHOOL LAND. 
Section 707 of the California Desert Protection Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 410aaa–77) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘Upon request of the California State Lands Commission (hereinafter in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘Commission’), the Sec-retary shall enter into negotiations for an agree-ment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall nego-tiate in good faith to reach an agreement with the California State Lands Commission (referred to in this section as the Commission)’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, national monuments, off- highway vehicle recreation areas,’’ after ‘‘more of the wilderness areas’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall negotiate in good faith to’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) A
GREEMENT .—To the maximum extent practicable, not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary shall’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘, na-tional monuments, off-highway vehicle recre-ation areas,’’ after ‘‘wilderness areas’’; (3) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL DEPOSIT FUND ACCOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Assembled land exchanges may be used to carry out this section through the sale of surplus Federal property and subse-quent acquisitions of State school land. ‘‘(B) R
ECEIPTS .—Past and future receipts from the sale of property described in subsection (a), less any costs incurred related to the sale, shall be deposited in a Special Deposit Fund Account established in the Treasury. ‘‘(C) U
SE.—Funds accumulated in the Special Deposit Fund Account may be used by the Sec-retary, without an appropriation, to acquire State school lands or interest in the land con-sistent with this section.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) M
EMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(1) Any transaction completed pursuant to this section prior to January 1, 2018: ‘‘(A) is deemed to be in compliance with the terms of the October 26, 1995, Memorandum of Agreement between the commission, the general services administration, and the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) meets the requirements of subsection (a) of this section. ‘‘(2) Future transactions that satisfy the terms of the October 26, 1995, Memorandum of Agree-ment shall be considered to be in compliance with subsection (a) of this section.’’. 
SEC. 5. DESIGNATION OF WILD AND SCENIC RIV-ERS. 
Section 3(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (196), by striking subpara-graph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A)(i) The approximately 1.4-mile segment of the Amargosa River in the State of California, from the private property boundary in sec. 19, T. 22 N., R. 7 E., to 100 feet downstream of Highway 178, to be administered by the Sec-retary of the Interior as a scenic river as an ad-dition to the wild and scenic river segments of the Amargosa River on publication by the Sec-retary of a notice in the Federal Register that sufficient inholdings within the boundaries of the segments have been acquired as scenic ease-ments or in fee title to establish a manageable addition to those segments. ‘‘(ii) The approximately 6.1-mile segment of the Amargosa River in the State of California, from 100 feet downstream of the State Highway 178 crossing to 100 feet upstream of the Tecopa Hot Springs Road crossing, to be administered by the Secretary of the Interior as a scenic river.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(213) S
URPRISE CANYON CREEK , CALIFORNIA .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The following segments of Surprise Canyon Creek in the State of Cali-fornia, to be administered by the Secretary of the Interior: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.010 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5601 June 25, 2018 
‘‘(i) The approximately 5.3 miles of Surprise Canyon Creek from the confluence of French-man’s Canyon and Water Canyon to 100 feet upstream of Chris Wicht Camp, as a wild river. ‘‘(ii) The approximately 1.8 miles of Surprise Canyon Creek from 100 feet upstream of Chris Wicht Camp to the southern boundary of sec. 14, T. 21 S., R. 44 E., Mount Diablo Meridian, as a recreational river. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT ON HISTORIC MINING STRUC -
TURES .—Nothing in this paragraph affects the historic mining structures associated with the former Panamint Mining District. ‘‘(214) D
EEP CREEK , CALIFORNIA .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The following segments of Deep Creek in the State of California, to be ad-ministered by the Secretary of Agriculture: ‘‘(i) The approximately 6.5-mile segment from 0.125 mile downstream of the Rainbow Dam site in sec. 33, T. 2 N., R. 2 W., San Bernardino Me-ridian to 0.25 miles upstream of the Road 3N34 crossing, as a wild river. ‘‘(ii) The 0.5-mile segment from 0.25 mile up-stream of the Road 3N34 crossing to 0.25 mile downstream of the Road 3N34 crossing, as a sce-nic river. ‘‘(iii) The 2.5-mile segment from 0.25 miles downstream of the Road 3 N. 34 crossing to 0.25 miles upstream of the Trail 2W01 crossing, as a wild river. ‘‘(iv) The 0.5-mile segment from 0.25 miles up-stream of the Trail 2W01 crossing to 0.25 mile downstream of the Trail 2W01 crossing, as a sce-nic river. ‘‘(v) The 10-mile segment from 0.25 miles downstream of the Trail 2W01 crossing to the upper limit of the Mojave dam flood zone in sec. 17, T. 3 N., R. 3 W., San Bernardino Meridian, as a wild river. ‘‘(vi) The 11-mile segment of Holcomb Creek from 100 yards downstream of the Road 3N12 crossing to .25 miles downstream of Holcomb Crossing, as a recreational river. ‘‘(vii) The 3.5-mile segment of the Holcomb Creek from 0.25 miles downstream of Holcomb Crossing to the Deep Creek confluence, as a wild river. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT ON SKI OPERATIONS .—Nothing in this paragraph affects— ‘‘(i) the operations of the Snow Valley Ski Re-sort; or ‘‘(ii) the State regulation of water rights and water quality associated with the operation of the Snow Valley Ski Resort. ‘‘(215) W
HITEWATER RIVER , CALIFORNIA .—The following segments of the Whitewater River in the State of California, to be administered by the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior, acting jointly: ‘‘(A) The 5.8-mile segment of the North Fork Whitewater River from the source of the River near Mt. San Gorgonio to the confluence with the Middle Fork, as a wild river. ‘‘(B) The 6.4-mile segment of the Middle Fork Whitewater River from the source of the River to the confluence with the South Fork, as a wild river. ‘‘(C) The 1-mile segment of the South Fork Whitewater River from the confluence of the River with the East Fork to the section line be-tween sections 32 and 33, T. 1 S., R. 2 E., San Bernardino Meridian, as a wild river. ‘‘(D) The 1-mile segment of the South Fork Whitewater River from the section line between sections 32 and 33, T. 1 S., R. 2 E., San Bernardino Meridian, to the section line be-tween sections 33 and 34, T. 1 S., R. 2 E., San Bernardino Meridian, as a recreational river. ‘‘(E) The 4.9-mile segment of the South Fork Whitewater River from the section line between sections 33 and 34, T. 1 S., R. 2 E., San Bernardino Meridian, to the confluence with the Middle Fork, as a wild river. ‘‘(F) The 5.4-mile segment of the main stem of the Whitewater River from the confluence of the South and Middle Forks to the San Gorgonio Wilderness boundary, as a wild river. ‘‘(G) The 3.6-mile segment of the main stem of the Whitewater River from the San Gorgonio Wilderness boundary to .25 miles upstream of the southern boundary of section 35, T. 2 S., R. 3 E., San Bernardino Meridian, as a rec-reational river.’’. SEC. 6. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—Section 1 of the California Desert Protection Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 410aaa note; Public Law 103–433) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘1 and 2, and titles I through IX’’ and in-serting ‘‘1, 2, and 3, titles I through IX, and ti-tles XIII through XVII’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—The California Desert Pro-tection Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–433; 108 Stat. 4481) is amended by inserting after section 2 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In titles XIII through XVII: ‘‘(1) C
ONSERVATION AREA .—The term ‘Con-servation Area’ means the California Desert Conservation Area. ‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means— ‘‘(A) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of the Interior; and ‘‘(B) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Secretary of Agriculture, the Sec-retary of Agriculture. ‘‘(3) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means the State of California.’’. (c) A
DMINISTRATION OF WILDERNESS AREAS.— Section 103 of the California Desert Protection Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–433; 108 Stat. 4481) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) N
OBUFFER ZONES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Congress does not intend for the designation of wilderness areas by this Act— ‘‘(A) to require the additional regulation of land adjacent to the wilderness areas; or ‘‘(B) to lead to the creation of protective pe-rimeters or buffer zones around the wilderness areas. ‘‘(2) N
ONWILDERNESS ACTIVITIES .—Any non- wilderness activities (including renewable en-ergy projects, energy transmission or tele-communications projects, mining, and military activities) in areas immediately adjacent to the boundary of a wilderness area designated by this Act shall not be restricted or precluded by this Act, regardless of any actual or perceived negative impacts of the nonwilderness activities on the wilderness area, including any potential indirect impacts of nonwilderness activities con-ducted outside the designated wilderness area on the viewshed, ambient noise level, or air quality of wilderness area.’’; (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘designated by this title and’’ and inserting ‘‘, potential wil-derness areas, special management areas, and national monuments designated by this title or titles XIII through XVII’’; and (3) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘, a poten-tial wilderness area, a special management areas, or national monument’’ before ‘‘by this Act’’. (d) J
UNIPER FLATS.—Title VII of the Cali-fornia Desert Protection Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–433; 108 Stat. 4497) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 712. JUNIPER FLATS. 
‘‘Development of renewable energy generation facilities (excluding rights-of-way or facilities for the transmission of energy and telecommuni-cation facilities and infrastructure) is prohibited on the approximately 28,000 acres of Federal land generally depicted as ‘BLM Land Unavail-able for Energy Development’ on the map enti-tled ‘Juniper Flats’ and dated April 26, 2018.’’. (e) C
ALIFORNIA MILITARY LANDS WITHDRAWAL  
ANDOVERFLIGHTS ACT OF 1994.— (1) F
INDINGS .—Section 801(b)(2) of the Cali-fornia Military Lands Withdrawal and Over-flights Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 410aaa–82 note; Public Law 103–433) is amended by inserting ‘‘, special management areas, potential wilderness areas,’’ before ‘‘and wilderness areas’’. (2) OVERFLIGHTS ; SPECIAL AIRSPACE .—Section 802 of the California Military Lands With-drawal and Overflights Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 410aaa–82) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘or special management areas’’ before ‘‘designated by this Act’’; (B) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘or special management areas’’ before ‘‘designated by this Act’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FACILITIES .— Nothing in this Act alters any authority of the Secretary of Defense to conduct military oper-ations at installations and ranges within the California Desert Conservation Area that are authorized under any other provision of law.’’. (f) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING FUNDING .—No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK), whose bill we are discussing, and who actually came up with the process of involving his community to do this kind of transfer the right way. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
ISHOP for yielding me the time. I would like to take a few minutes to talk about my bill, H.R. 857, the Cali-fornia Off-Road Recreational and Con-servation Act. The California desert has long been a land of many uses. The local economies depend on a combina-tion of revenue from recreational off- highway vehicle use, known as OHV, mining, and tourism to our stunning desert parks and wilderness areas. Balancing these economic drivers is key to aligning Federal land use poli-cies. This bill is the product of years of outreach to local governments, Tribes, off-highway vehicle users, conservation groups, chambers of commerce, miners, and other stakeholders. H.R. 857 will establish five off-high-way vehicle recreational areas in the California desert, as well as expand an existing OHV area. Three of these OHV areas would also include expansion study areas. In total, these 6 OHV areas cover 300,000 acres. This bill creates additional protec-tions for OHV users and ensures that these areas cannot be closed adminis-tratively. Creating the Nation’s first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.010 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5602 June 25, 2018 
system of off-highway vehicle recre-ation areas will ensure that OHV activ-ity is conducted in appropriate loca-tions, protecting other parts of the desert. The California Desert Protection Act of 1994 left the Mojave Desert with hun-dreds of thousands of acres of wilder-ness study areas. In a decade since then, these areas have been reviewed extensively for their suitability as wil-derness areas. My bill would designate some of these areas as wilderness, primarily within these wilderness study areas and Death Valley National Park, while releasing other areas from the wilder-ness study that were found to be un-suitable for wilderness designation. Additionally, my bill would designate approximately 18,000 acres of existing Federal land as the Alabama Hills Na-tional Scenic Area. This would restrict large-scale projects, such as renewable energy generation, while preserving all existing recreational and commercial use of Alabama Hills. Activities such as filming, hiking, mountain biking, rock climbing, hunting, fishing, and authorized motorized vehicle use would be unaffected. Additionally, rec-reational mineral prospecting, i.e., rockhounding, would continue. This portion of H.R. 857 passed the House as a stand-alone bill in the last Congress with unanimous support be-fore stalling in the Senate. The California Off-Road Recreation Conservation Act has the support of San Bernardino County and Inyo Coun-ty; the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California; local cities; vir-tually every major off-road vehicle group; environmental groups, such as the California Wilderness Coalition, and the Pew Charitable Trusts; local chambers of commerce; and Lone Pine Paiute-Shoshone Reservation. There is no known opposition to this bill. H.R. 857 is the product of years of grassroots work and represents a con-sensus on how to manage our public lands in the California desert. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 857, introduced by Representative C
OOK from California, is a comprehensive package of land designations designed to increase con-servation efforts and recreation access throughout the California desert. The bill adds approximately 329,370 acres to the National Wilderness Pres-ervation System, expands three units of the National Park System, creates new areas set aside for off-highway recreation, and establishes the Ala-bama Hills National Scenic Area. Representative C
OOK’s bill builds upon the success of the California Desert Protection Act and the recent monument designations by President Obama to provide lasting protections and ensure ongoing recreational access throughout the region. b1615 This bill closely mirrors its Senate companion introduced by Senator FEINSTEIN that is moving its way through the legislative process in the Senate. Hopefully, that means we can deliver a version of this bill to the President’s desk to provide a lasting conservation solution for a substantial portion of the California desert. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I insert into the R
ECORD  background material for this par-ticular bill. 
BACKGROUND AND NEED FOR H.R. 857, THE C
ALIFORNIA OFF-ROAD RECREATION AND  C
ONSERVATION ACT President Clinton signed into law the Cali-fornia Desert Protection Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–433), which established the Mojave National Preserve, the Death Valley Na-tional Park and Joshua Tree National Park. It also created over 7 million acres of wilder-ness in the California desert, which stretches across millions of acres of the southeastern corner of the State. Since then, there have been numerous legislative efforts to apply additional federal land protections in this area, including the designation of additional wilderness, national monuments, and expan-sion of existing National Parks. In the 114th Congress, Senator Dianne Feinstein (D–CA) introduced S. 414, the California Desert Con-servation and Recreation Act of 2015, a bill that amends and updates the California Desert Protection Act of 1994 and reflects similar bills introduced in previous Con-gresses. S. 414 would have created two new national monuments, designated approxi-mately 349,000 acres as wilderness, and ex-panded Death Valley National Park, Joshua Tree National Park and the Mojave National Preserve. Rather than pursue the legislative process, Senator Feinstein asked the Obama Admin-istration in August 2015 to use its authority under the Antiquities Act of 1906 (54 U.S.C. 320301 et seq.) to unilaterally designate three national monuments in the California desert—the Mojave Trails National Monu-ment, Sand to Snow National Monument, and Castle Mountains National Monument— without Congressional approval. The fol-lowing October, Senator Feinstein, the De-partment of the Interior, and Department of Agriculture hosted one public meeting on the prospect of designating these areas as national monuments, as well as other man-agement priorities for the California desert area. In response to concerns raised regarding this monument strategy, Congressman Paul Cook worked with local communities and stakeholders to craft alternative legislation which attempted to balance the environ-mental protection of the desert’s landscapes with recreational and other multiple-use ac-tivities that have occurred in the region for decades. The result was H.R. 3668, the Cali-fornia Minerals, Off-Road Recreation, and Conservation Act. It was the subject of a Federal Lands Subcommittee hearing on De-cember 9, 2015, but no further legislative ac-tion was taken in the 114th Congress. On February 12, 2016, President Obama des-ignated three new national monuments en-compassing nearly 1.75 million acres in the Southern California desert. H.R. 857 seeks to balance many of the envi-ronmental and recreationalist concerns that have remained in the wake of the Obama des-ignations. The bill creates the first system of Off-Highway Vehicle (OHV) recreation in the nation by setting aside nearly 150,000 acres across six areas to enhance and protect OHV activity. The bill also releases approxi-mately 121,000 acres of Wilderness Study Areas, allowing for broader management of such lands. Additionally, as part of a com-promise between OHV and environmental groups, H.R. 857 designates approximately 330,000 acres of new wilderness, creates a new National Scenic Area, and establishes 77 miles of new Wild and Scenic Rivers. Much of the wilderness designated under the bill is contained within a National Park or a Wil-derness Study Area. The following groups support this legisla-tion: Advocates for Access to Public Lands; Alabama Hills Stewardship Group; American Motorcyclist Association; American Sand Association; Americans for Responsible Rec-reational Access; The City of Bishop, CA; Bishop Area Chamber of Commerce and Visi-tors Bureau; Blue Ribbon Coalition, Inc.; California Wilderness Coalition; Eastern Si-erra 4X4 Club; Friends of the Inyo; Inyo County Board of Supervisors; Inyo County Superintendent of Schools; Lone Pine Cham-ber of Commerce; Lone Pine Paiute-Sho-shone Reservation; Motorcycle Industry Council; National Off-Highway Vehicle Con-servation Council; Pew Charitable Trusts; Recreational Off-Highway Vehicle Associa-tion; San Bernardino County; Specialty Equipment Market Association; Specialty Vehicle Institute of America. 
SELECTED SECTION -BY-SECTION ANALYSIS AS  
REPORTED  Sec. 2. California Off-Road Recreation and Conservation. Designates approximately 330,000 acres of wilderness in the California desert, 88,000 acres of which is primarily within Joshua Tree National Park and 180,000 acres of which is currently a Wilderness Study Area. This section also releases approximately 121,000 acres of Wilderness Study Areas back into multiple use, and ensures that ‘‘cherry- stemmed’’ roads within wilderness remain open to motorized access. Adds approximately 40,000 acres to the Na-tional Park System. Approximately 35,000 acres of land would be added to Death Valley National Park, 25 acres would be added to Mojave National Preserve, and approxi-mately 4,500 acres would be added to Joshua Tree National Park. Designates six existing administrative off- highway vehicle areas as ‘‘National Off-High-way Vehicle Recreation Areas,’’ creating the first system of national OHV Recreation Areas in the nation. These include Dumont Dunes, El Mirage, Rasor, Spangler Hills, Stoddard Valley, and Johnson Valley (a total of more than 150,000 acres dedicated to OHV recreation), and designates an additional 51,980 acres of previously disturbed land for study and potential inclusion into the Sys-tem. Designates 18,610 acres of Bureau of Land Management (BLM) land as the ‘‘Alabama Hills National Scenic Area’’ and includes the area in the National Landscape Conservation System. Takes 132 acres of federal land into trust for the Lone Pine Paiute-Shoshone Tribe and prohibits gaming on the land. Ensures access to areas designated under the Act by tribes for traditional cultural and religious purposes, including the ability of a tribe to request the Secretary of the Interior to temporarily close any designated area to protect the privacy of traditional cultural and religious activities by members of a tribe or Indian religious community. Requires the development and implemen-tation of a tribal cultural resources manage-ment plan to identify, protect, and conserve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.028 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5603 June 25, 2018 
cultural resources of Indian tribes associated with the Xam Kwatchan Trail network. Establishes a California-Nevada Desert Tortoise Relocation Center with the aid of private partners and directs the Secretary of the Interior to study wildlife corridors and species migration in the California desert. Sec. 3. Visitor Center. Authorizes the National Park Service to acquire up to five acres of land for a Joshua Tree National Park Visitor Center. Sec. 4. California State School Land. Allows BLM revenue from surplus land ex-change and disposal to fund the purchase of California State school trust land. Sec. 5. Designation of Wild and Scenic Riv-ers. Designates 77 miles of new wild, scenic, and recreational rivers under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.). The designations affect the Amargosa River, Sur-prise Canyon Creek, Deep Creek, and the Whitewater River. Sec. 6. Conforming Amendments. Makes conforming amendments and pre-vents the creation of buffer zones around new wilderness areas. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, let me just say very quickly here that what Representative C
OOKhas done is taking an important issue and doing it the right way, by collaboration and outreach with local people who live in those areas on what they want to do with the public land. Public land does not necessarily only mean Federal land. Public land can also be State, it can be county, and it can be all sorts of entities’ land, but the value of that land, whether it is Federal or State or county or munici-pality, is does it help the people of that particular area. What Mr. C
OOKhas done in this par-ticular piece of legislation is talk to them and find a way in which the land can actually be used to help people. So, yes, he released some wilderness study areas that were designated as unsuit-able for a wilderness designation but then created three times that number of acreage in new wilderness designa-tions as well as new wild and scenic river designations. Most importantly, because land is needed for recreational purposes, he puts protections for people who are using this land—OHV users, espe-cially—that ensure these areas will not be closed administratively and that that kind of recreation opportunity will not be taken away on a whim. So what he has done is worked very hard with local people to find local people’s needs and desires for their local land and provided them an oppor-tunity that will provide not only eco-nomic benefits for a few, but also rec-reational benefits for many, as well as creating new wilderness designations at the same time and wild and scenic designations at the same time. This is a win-win for everyone in-volved. I commend him for his hard work in actually coming up with this particular process. This is the way land designation should be used. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt this bill. I have no more speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 857, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LAKE BISTINEAU LAND TITLE STABILITY ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3392) to provide for stability of title to certain land in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3392 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Lake Bistineau Land Title Stability Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to direct the Sec-retary of the Interior to issue a recordable dis-claimer of interest of the United States in and to— (1) any land described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) of section 4 that is located outside the record meander lines of the Original Survey described in that subsection; and (2) any omitted land. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) O
MITTED LAND .—The term ‘‘omitted land’’ means any land in S30–T16N–R10W, including adjacent islands and the meander lines of the water body, that was in place during the Origi-nal Survey, but that was not included in the Original Survey, regardless of whether the ex-clusion of the land was due to gross error in the Original Survey or fraud by any individual con-ducting the Original Survey. (2) O
RIGINAL SURVEY .—The term ‘‘Original Survey’’ means the survey of land in northern Louisiana approved by the Surveyor General on December 8, 1842. (3) R
ESURVEY .—The term ‘‘Resurvey’’ means the document entitled ‘‘Dependent Re-Survey, Extension Survey and Survey of Two Islands, Sections 17, 29, and 30’’, which was completed on November 24, 1967, approved on January 15, 1969, and published in the Federal Register on February 27, 1969 (34 Fed. Reg. 2677). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 4. MEANDER LINES; RECORDABLE DIS-CLAIMER OF INTEREST. 
(a) M EANDER LINES.—The meander lines in the Original Survey are definitive for purposes of determining title to— (1) the land in S30–T16N–R10W; and (2) the 2 islands adjacent to the land described in paragraph (1). (b) R
ECORDABLE DISCLAIMER OF INTEREST .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall prepare a recordable disclaimer of interest in which the United States conveys and disclaims any right, title, or interest of the United States in and to— (A) any land described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) that is located outside the recorded meander lines described in that sub-section; and (B) any omitted land. (2) FILING .—The Secretary shall record the disclaimer of interest prepared under paragraph (1) in the appropriate local office in the State of Louisiana in which real property documents are recorded. (3) I
NCLUSIONS .—The disclaimer of interest filed under paragraph (2) shall include legal de-scriptions of the land subject to the disclaimer of interest using the lot or tract numbers included in the Resurvey. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ), who is the sponsor of this piece of legislation. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I do want to take a moment to thank Chairman B
ISHOP and his team for their continued support of the Lake Bistineau Land Title Stability Act. This bill rights a decades-old wrong when the Federal Government failed to notify landowners of a resur-vey of over 200 acres around Lake Bistineau, located in northwest Lou-isiana. When the Federal Government did that, it preempted the rights of landowners who had legal ownership of the land. It is unfathomable for many of us here today to imagine a morning where we wake up and we are told that the land our families owned for generations is no longer ours, to learn that the Federal Government has somehow staked claim to our very homes, the place where we were raised, the place where we are now raising our own fam-ilies, and the land we had worked for decades, all of it just gone without so much as an opportunity to contest it. That is what happened here. The gov-ernment’s failure to properly notify landowners of the new boundaries and its claim to the land for nearly 50 years is shameful. This error led to unneces-sary uncertainty regarding who right-fully owns the land. We genuinely be-lieve the answer is very clear: the prop-erty rightfully belongs to the Louisianans who have owned the lands since the days the State of Louisiana first entered the Union. My bill provides certainty and clar-ity by directing the Secretary of the Interior to issue a disclaimer of inter-est on the disputed acres and rightfully restore land title ownership to the fam-ilies that have lived and worked these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.012 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5604 June 25, 2018 
lands since the State’s admittance to the Union. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will support this bill and sup-port the folks in my district who have simply had their land taken from them without due process. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3392 requires the Bureau of Land Management to dis-claim interest in 230 acres of land in northern Louisiana. The land at issue was originally surveyed in 1842, trans-ferred to the Bossier Levee District in 1892, and conveyed to private owners in 1904. However, BLM conducted a resurvey in 1967 after realizing that certain lands were omitted from previous Fed-eral surveys. The resurvey puts more than 200 acres of land previously thought to belong to Louisiana and pri-vate interests back into Federal owner-ship. Until recently, the results of this re-survey were largely ignored or forgot-ten, and now there are several home-owners with clouded titles and some confusion regarding the ownership of mineral rights in the area. BLM is currently working to evalu-ate ownership and authorized convey-ance where appropriate under the Color-of-Title Act. The Color-of-Title Act authorizes the BLM to convey pub-lic lands that have been acquired by peaceful adverse possession often caused by historical surveying anoma-lies, such as in this case. However, the Color-of-Title Act does not authorize the transfer of mineral rights owned by the United States, which is why this bill is necessary. To be clear, under most cir-cumstances, we would not support leg-islation to transfer Federal mineral rights without fair compensation to the American taxpayer, but this is a very unusual and special case. Over 40 years have passed since the BLM at-tempted to enforce Federal ownership of this land. This lack of clarity and communication is unacceptable. For that reason, I support this bill and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This particular bill is not the first time we have talked about this on the floor. It is long overdue. In fact, it is about 100 years long overdue, with only a handful of homeowners having their title for which they have bought, sold, and lived for decades questioning whether they actually have the title to it or not. It is unfair, and it was wrong. It was wrong for BLM, and it is right for Con-gress to step in and try and solve this problem to bring some finality and cer-tainty to an issue that never should have been an issue in the very first place. This harms the status quo and harms people. That is not our position, and that is not what we should be doing. So I ap-preciate the minority working with us on this particular bill very well be-cause it is an extremely important one to try and finally solve this particular issue so we don’t come back again. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. J
OHNSON for this particular bill that is solving a prob-lem that should never have been there in his particular district, for his efforts on it. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3392, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOUNTAINS TO SOUND GREENWAY NATIONAL HERITAGE ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1791) to establish the Moun-tains to Sound Greenway National Her-itage Area in the State of Washington, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1791 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSES; CONSTRUCTION. 
The purposes of this Act include— (1) to recognize the national importance of the natural and cultural legacies of the area, as demonstrated in the study entitled ‘‘Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area Feasibility Study’’ dated April 2012 and its addendum dated May 2014; (2) to recognize the heritage of natural re-source conservation in the Pacific Northwest and in the Mountains to Sound Greenway; (3) to preserve, support, conserve, and in-terpret the legacies of natural resource con-servation, community stewardship, and In-dian tribes and nations from time immemo-rial, and reserved rights of Indian Tribes within the Mountains to Sound National Heritage Area; (4) to promote heritage, cultural, and rec-reational tourism and to develop educational and cultural programs for visitors and the general public; (5) to recognize and interpret important events and geographic locations representing key developments in the creation of Amer-ica, particularly the settlement of the Amer-ican West and the stories of diverse ethnic groups, Indian tribes, and others; (6) to enhance a cooperative management framework to assist Federal, State, local, and Tribal governments, the private sector, and citizens residing in the Heritage Area in conserving, supporting, managing, and en-hancing natural and recreational sites in the Heritage Area; (7) to recognize and interpret the relation-ship between land and people, representing broad American ideals demonstrated through the integrity of existing resources within the Heritage Area; and (8) to support working relationships be-tween public land managers and the commu-nity by creating relevant links between the National Park Service, the Forest Service, other relevant Federal agencies, Tribal gov-ernments, State and local governments and agencies, and community stakeholders with-in and surrounding the Heritage Area in order to protect, enhance, and interpret cul-tural and natural resources within the Herit-age Area. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) H
ERITAGE AREA .—The term ‘‘Heritage Area’’ means the Mountains to Sound Green-way National Heritage Area established in this Act. (2) L
OCAL COORDINATING ENTITY .—The term ‘‘local coordinating entity’’ means the entity selected by the Secretary under section 4(d). (3) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘man-agement plan’’ means the management plan for the Heritage Area required under section 5. (4) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Mountains to Sound Greenway Na-tional Heritage Area Proposed Boundary’’, numbered 584/125,484, and dated August 2014. (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (6) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Washington. (7) T
RIBE OR TRIBAL .—The terms ‘‘Tribe’’ or ‘‘Tribal’’ mean any federally recognized In-dian tribe with cultural heritage and historic interests within the proposed Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area, in-cluding the Snoqualmie, Yakama, Tulalip, Muckleshoot and Colville Indian tribes. 
SEC. 4. DESIGNATION OF THE MOUNTAINS TO SOUND GREENWAY NATIONAL HER-ITAGE AREA. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the State the Mountains to Sound Green-way National Heritage Area. (b) B
OUNDARIES .—The Heritage Area shall consist of land located in King and Kittitas Counties in the State, as generally depicted on the map. (c) M
AP.—The map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of the National Park Service, the United States Forest Service, and the local coordinating entity. (d) L
OCAL COORDINATING ENTITY .—The Sec- retary shall designate a willing local unit of government, a consortium of affected coun-ties, Indian tribe, or a nonprofit organization to serve as the coordinating entity for the Heritage Area within 120 days of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the local coordinating entity shall submit to the Secretary for approval a proposed man-agement plan for the Heritage Area. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The management plan shall— (1) incorporate an integrated and coopera-tive approach for the protection, enhance-ment, and interpretation of the natural, cul-tural, historic, scenic, Tribal, and rec-reational resources of the Heritage Area; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.032 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5605 June 25, 2018 
(2) take into consideration Federal, State, Tribal, and local plans, and treaty rights; and (3) include— (A) an inventory of the natural, historical, cultural, educational, scenic, and rec-reational resources of the Heritage Area, in-cluding an acknowledgment of the exercise of Tribal treaty rights, that relate to the na-tional importance and themes of the Herit-age Area that should be conserved and en-hanced; (B) a description of strategies and rec-ommendations for conservation, funding, management, and development of the Herit-age Area; (C) a description of the actions that Fed-eral, State, local, and Tribal governments, private organizations, and individuals have agreed to take to protect and interpret the natural, cultural, historical, scenic, and rec-reational resources of the Heritage Area; (D) a program of implementation for the management plan by the local coordinating entity, including— (i) performance goals and ongoing perform-ance evaluation; and (ii) commitments for implementation made by partners; (E) the identification of sources of funding for carrying out the management plan; (F) analysis and recommendations for means by which Federal, State, local, and Tribal programs may best be coordinated to carry out this section; (G) an interpretive plan for the Heritage Area, including Tribal heritage; (H) recommended policies and strategies for resource management, including the de-velopment of intergovernmental and inter-agency cooperative agreements to protect the natural, cultural, historical, scenic, and recreational resources of the Heritage Area; and (I) a definition of the roles of the National Park Service, the Forest Service, other Fed-eral agencies, and Tribes in the coordination of the Heritage Area and in otherwise fur-thering the purposes of this Act. (c) D
EADLINE .—If a proposed management plan is not submitted to the Secretary by the date that is 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the local coordinating entity shall be ineligible to receive addi-tional funding under this Act until the date on which the Secretary receives and ap-proves the management plan. (d) A
PPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL OF MANAGE -
MENT PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of the proposed man-agement plan, the Secretary, in consultation with the State, affected counties, and Tribal governments, shall approve or disapprove the management plan. (2) C
RITERIA FOR APPROVAL .—In deter-mining whether to approve the management plan, the Secretary shall consider whether— (A) the local coordinating entity has af-forded adequate opportunity, including pub-lic hearings, for public and governmental in-volvement in the preparation of the manage-ment plan; (B) the resource protection and interpreta-tion strategies contained in the management plan, if implemented, would adequately pro-tect the natural, cultural, historical, scenic, and recreational resources of the Heritage Area; (C) the management plan is consistent with the Secretary’s trust responsibilities to Indian tribes and Tribal treaty rights within the National Heritage Area; and (D) the management plan is supported by the appropriate State, Kittitas County, King County, and local officials, the cooperation of which is needed to ensure the effective im-plementation of State and local aspects of the management plan. (3) ACTION FOLLOWING DISAPPROVAL .—If the Secretary disapproves the management plan, the Secretary shall— (A) advise the local coordinating entity in writing of the reasons for the disapproval; (B) make recommendations to the local co-ordinating entity for revisions to the man-agement plan; and (C) not later than 180 days after the receipt of any revised management plan from the local coordinating entity, approve or dis-approve the revised management plan. (e) A
MENDMENTS .—The Secretary shall re-view and approve or disapprove in the same manner as the original management plan, each amendment to the management plan that makes a substantial change to the man-agement plan, as determined by the Sec-retary. The local coordinating entity shall not carry out any amendment to the man-agement plan until the date on which the Secretary has approved the amendment. 
SEC. 6. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of imple-menting the management plan, the Sec-retary and Forest Service may— (A) provide technical assistance for the im-plementation of the management plan; and (B) enter into cooperative agreements with the local coordinating entity, State and local agencies, Tribes, and other interested parties to carry out this Act, including co-operation and cost sharing as appropriate to provide more cost-effective and coordinated public land management. (2) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority of the Secretary to provide technical assistance under this Act terminates on the date that is 15 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (b) L
OCAL COORDINATING ENTITY AUTHORI -
TIES.—For purposes of implementing the management plan, the local coordinating en-tity may— (1) make grants to the State or a political subdivision of the State, Tribes, nonprofit organizations, and other persons; (2) enter into cooperative agreements with, or provide technical assistance to, Federal agencies, the State or political subdivisions of the State, Tribes, nonprofit organizations, and other interested parties; (3) hire and compensate staff, including in-dividuals with expertise in natural, cultural, historical, scenic, and recreational resource protection and heritage programming; (4) obtain money or services from any source, including any money or services that are provided under any other Federal law or program, in which case the Federal share of the cost of any activity assisted using Fed-eral funds provided for National Heritage Areas shall not be more than 50 percent; (5) contract for goods or services; and (6) undertake to be a catalyst for other ac-tivities that— (A) further the purposes of the Heritage Area; and (B) are consistent with the management plan. (c) L
OCAL COORDINATING ENTITY DUTIES .— The local coordinating entity shall— (1) in accordance with section 5, prepare and submit a management plan to the Sec-retary; (2) assist units of Federal, State, and local government, Tribes, regional planning orga-nizations, nonprofit organizations, and other interested parties in carrying out the ap-proved management plan by— (A) carrying out programs and projects that recognize, protect, and enhance impor-tant resource values in the Heritage Area; (B) establishing and maintaining interpre-tive exhibits and programs in the Heritage Area; (C) developing recreational and edu-cational opportunities in the Heritage Area; and (D) increasing public awareness of, and ap-preciation for, the natural, cultural, histor-ical, Tribal, scenic, and recreational re-sources of the Heritage Area; (3) consider the interests of diverse units of government, Tribes, business, organizations, and individuals in the Heritage Area in the preparation and implementation of the man-agement plan; (4) conduct meetings open to the public at least semiannually regarding the develop-ment and implementation of the manage-ment plan; (5) encourage, by appropriate means, eco-nomic viability that is consistent with the Heritage Area; and (6) submit a report to the Secretary every five years after the Secretary has approved the management plan, specifying— (A) the expenses and income of the local coordinating entity; and (B) significant grants or contracts made by the local coordinating entity to any other entity over the 5-year period that describes the activities, expenses, and income of the local coordinating entity (including grants from the local coordinating entity to any other entity during the year that the report is made). (d) PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION OF REAL P
ROPERTY .—The local coordinating entity may not acquire real property or interest in real property through condemnation or with Federal funds provided for National Heritage Areas. (e) U
SE OF FEDERAL FUNDS .—Nothing in this Act shall preclude the local coordi-nating entity from using Federal funds avail-able under other laws for the purposes for which those funds were authorized. 
SEC. 7. RELATIONSHIP TO TRIBAL GOVERN-MENTS. 
Nothing in this Act shall construe, define, waive, limit, or affect any rights of any fed-erally recognized Indian tribe and the Fed-eral trust responsibility. 
SEC. 8. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act af-fects the authority of a Federal agency to provide technical or financial assistance under any other law. (b) C
ONSULTATION AND COORDINATION .—Any Federal agency planning to conduct activi-ties that may have an impact on the Herit-age Area is encouraged to consult and co-ordinate the activities with the local coordi-nating entity to the maximum extent prac-ticable. (c) O
THER FEDERAL AGENCIES .—Nothing in this Act— (1) modifies, alters, or amends any law or regulation authorizing a Federal agency to manage Federal land under the jurisdiction of the Federal agency; (2) limits the discretion of a Federal land manager to implement an approved land use plan within the boundaries of the Heritage Area; or (3) modifies, alters, or amends any author-ized use of Federal land under the jurisdic-tion of a Federal agency. 
SEC. 9. PRIVATE PROPERTY AND REGULATORY PROTECTIONS. 
Nothing in this Act, the proposed Moun-tains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area, or resulting management plan (or any revisions to that plan) shall— (1) abridge the rights of any owner of pub-lic or private property, including the right to refrain from participating in any plan, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.014 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5606 June 25, 2018 
project, program, or activity conducted within the Heritage Area; (2) require any property owner— (A) to allow public access (including access by Federal, State, or local agencies) to the property of the property owner; or (B) to modify public access or use of prop-erty of the property owner under any other Federal, State, or local law; (3) alter any duly adopted land use regula-tion, approved land use plan, or other regu-latory authority of any Federal, State, Trib-al, or local agency; (4) convey any land use or other regulatory authority to the local coordinating entity or any subsidiary organization, including but not necessarily limited to development and management of energy or water or water-re-lated infrastructure; (5) authorize or imply the reservation or appropriation of water or water rights; (6) diminish the authority of the State or Tribe to manage fish and wildlife, including the regulation of fishing, hunting, or gath-ering within the Heritage Area or the au-thority of Tribes to regulate their members with respect to such matters in the exercise of Tribal treaty rights; (7) create any liability, or affects any li-ability under any other law, of any private property owner with respect to any person injured on the private property; (8) affect current or future grazing permits, leases, or allotment on Federal lands; (9) affect the construction, operation, maintenance or expansion of current or fu-ture water projects, including water storage, hydroelectric facilities, or delivery systems; or (10) alter the authority of State, county, or local governments in land use planning or obligate those governments to comply with any recommendations in the management plan. 
SEC. 10. EVALUATION AND REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 15 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) conduct an evaluation of the accom-plishments of the Heritage Area; and (2) prepare a report in accordance with sub-section (c). (b) E
VALUATION .—An evaluation conducted under subsection (a)(1) shall— (1) assess the progress of the local coordi-nating entity with respect to— (A) accomplishing the purposes of the Her-itage Area; and (B) achieving the goals and objectives of the management plan; (2) analyze the investments of Federal, State, Tribal, and local governments and pri-vate entities in the Heritage Area to deter-mine the impact of the investments; and (3) review the management structure, part-nership relationships, and funding of the Heritage Area for purposes of identifying the critical components for sustainability of the Heritage Area. (c) R
EPORT .—Based on the evaluation con-ducted under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that in-cludes recommendations for the future role of the National Park Service with respect to the Heritage Area. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ), who is the sponsor of this piece of legislation, who is establishing a heritage area, and who is doing it the right way. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman, the ranking member, and the entire committee, for that matter, for their support of this legislation that is so critical and im-portant for the State of Washington, especially those people who live in the Eighth District of Washington State. I am especially thankful for Mr. B
ISHOP ’s cooperation and for his advice on language to be added to the bill to make it that much better, especially as it relates to protecting the property rights of individuals within the des-ignated heritage area. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to speak today in support of H.R. 1791, the Mountains to Sound Greenway Na-tional Heritage Act. This is a bipar-tisan bill that—it may have been stat-ed—was favorably reported out of the House Natural Resources Committee earlier this month. This legislation will designate the Mountains to Sound Greenway in Washington State as a na-tional heritage area. This greenway spans 1.5 million acres, tracing along Interstate 90, which crosses the country. It crosses the crest of the Cascade Mountains to Ellensburg, Washington, which is in the central part of the State. It is a spectacular landscape that encom-passes a vibrant mix of small towns, working farms, lush forests, and rugged mountains, alongside one of the largest and fastest growing metropolitan areas in the county—and in the State, for that matter. Efforts to protect this area and its amazing views have made this a pop-ular local, national, and international tourist destination where people go to hunt, fish, camp, hike, and bike. Using collaboration, negotiation, and com-promise, the Mountains to Sound Greenway Trust and its public-private membership have maintained a vibrant and diverse economy, while conserving the environment and protecting pri-vate property rights. In considering the future of the greenway, the trust conducted exten-sive public meetings. There were 145 meetings held, with comments from over 1,000 individuals. In those discus-sions, the conclusion was reached that the greenway was a special place de-serving of national recognition. My bill does just that by designating the greenway as a national heritage area. National recognition of this land-scape’s unique historical and natural value will promote coordination, en-courage local engagement, and draw visitors to small towns, supporting eco-nomic growth. Based on the feedback we have re-ceived over the years, I have strength-ened my legislation to include impor-tant protections needed to protect indi-vidual rights, property rights of pri-vate owners and Tribal communities. We are also concerned about their rights. They were also involved in this process in protecting their rights of their Indian Nation. This is what my bill does not do: It does not force private property owners to participate in any activity or provide public access; It does not affect land use planning; It does not alter, modify, or extin-guish treaty rights, affect water rights, or limit the authority of the State to manage fish and wildlife, including hunting and fishing regulations. The result is a balanced bill that en-joys broad public support. I am proud to say the support continues to grow. Over 6,000, and counting, elected offi-cials, agencies, businesses, and organi-zations support the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area. I would like to thank my colleague from Washington State (Mr. S
MITH), whom I have worked with over the years to get this bill to where it is today, and it has been years. I would also like to thank former Senator Slade Gorton, Council member Reagan Dunn, and the Mountains to Sound Greenway Coalition, who have been longtime supporters of the green-way, for their tireless efforts to make this a reality. In addition, I thank, again, Chairman B
ISHOP , Ranking Member G RIJALVA , and their committee staff for their help in bringing this important piece of leg-islation through the committee and to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I am happy to support this bill. I urge my colleagues to support its adop-tion. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH). b1630 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to rise in support of the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area des-ignation. This is a project that has been com-pletely collaborative throughout the region. I think it is a great example of how to get things done. It was various government officials working with the private sector, all with the same goal, and that is to preserve open spaces in the Puget Sound area. This is a very difficult thing to do. We are growing rapidly, businesses are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.014 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5607 June 25, 2018 
popping up all over the place, and that is great. But the other thing about the Pacific Northwest that everybody loves is the ability to get outdoors and fish, hunt, hike, and basically enjoy the beauty of the Pacific Northwest. This group came together to make sure that we can preserve that, even in the face of such massive growth. It wasn’t done by government fiat. It was done by working together with pri-vate landowners, tribes, and all of the interested stakeholders to say: ‘‘We have a mutual interest in preserving open spaces for the better enjoyment of all of us in our community,’’ and that is how the Mountains to Sound Green-way was born. This is an incredibly successful col-laborative effort. I am pleased to have the Federal Government put its stamp on it as a national heritage area. It definitely deserves that. It will help the process moving forward as they continue to make sure that they pre-serve these open spaces for the enjoy-ment of all people in the Puget Sound region. I also want to particularly thank Congressman R
EICHERT for his leader-ship on this issue. He has been working on it for a number of years, and it has been a true bipartisan effort. People ask me all the time, basically: ‘‘Don’t you guys work together on anything?’’ referring to Democrats and Repub-licans in general, not to D
AVEand me specifically. I have been pleased to work with D
AVEfor, I guess, 14 years now that he has been in Congress—I worked with him before when he was the King Coun-ty sheriff—and it has been a great working relationship. Whenever people ask me that question, I am very pleased to know that, right next door, I have got Congressman R
EICHERT . I say: Well, D
AVEand I work on a whole bunch of different things. We have over the years, and this is certainly one of the most important in his final year in Congress. I think it is very appropriate that we get this to the finish line, pass it into law, and get it signed by the President. Again, this is a fine example of what we can do when we work together with all interested parties coming together for a mutual benefit. Maintaining open spaces in the Puget Sound region is in-credibly important. It is not easy. This project is a reflection of how you can get that done, and I am pleased to sup-port this legislation. Again, I want to thank Congressman R
EICHERT for his leadership and part-nership. It was great working together with him on this and other issues in the interest of our community in the Puget Sound region. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, it is often the situation where heritage areas that were origi-nally established to try to allow local people to have some mechanism in which they can get together to actu-ally advertise their particular area are usually for tourism interests or histor-ical preservation interests. It kind of devolved, unfortunately, through time, to an issue in which people simply found a way of using the Federal Gov-ernment as the deep pocket to keep getting more money all the time back to those particular areas, even though it was supposed to be a one-time situa-tion. Then we found that other herit-age areas found a way in which special interest groups got control of these areas and were starting to dictate to local government entities. Each of those problems that have been a significant problem in other heritage areas was eliminated by Mr. REICHERT in his particular piece of leg-islation. That is why I said he did it the right way, with the right instincts, with the right purposes, the right illus-tration, especially with the emphasis on protecting private property rights and Native American rights. So this is one of the few heritage areas that I am happy to support, be-cause it is organized the proper way to solve problems, not just try to find a cheap and easy way to get more money back into the area. So he is com-mended for his integrity and the way he has orchestrated that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this piece of legis-lation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1791, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADVANCING CONSERVATION AND EDUCATION ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4257) to maximize land man-agement efficiencies, promote land conservation, generate education fund-ing, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4257 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Advancing Con-servation and Education Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) at statehood, Congress granted each of the western States land to be held in trust by the States and used for the support of public schools and other public institutions; (2) since the statehood land grants, Congress and the executive branch have created multiple Federal conservation areas on Federal land within the western States, including National Parks, National Monuments, national conserva-tion areas, national grassland, components of the National Wilderness Preservation System, wilderness study areas, and national wildlife refuges; (3) since statehood land grant land owned by the western States are typically scattered across the public land, creation of Federal conserva-tion areas often include State land grant parcels with substantially different management man-dates, making land and resource management more difficult, expensive, and controversial for both Federal land managers and the western States; and (4) allowing the western States to relinquish State trust land within Federal conservation areas and to select replacement land from the public land within the respective western States, would— (A) enhance management of Federal conserva-tion areas by allowing unified management of those areas; and (B) increase revenue from the statehood land grants for the support of public schools and other worthy public purposes. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPLICATION .—The term ‘‘application’’ means an application for State relinquishment and selection of land made under this Act in ac-cordance with section 5. (2) E
LIGIBLE AREA .—The term ‘‘eligible area’’ means land within the outer boundary of— (A) a unit of the National Park System; (B) a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System; (C) a unit of the National Wildlife Refuge Sys-tem; (D) a unit of the National Landscape Con-servation System; (E) an area determined by the Bureau of Land Management, through an inventory car-ried out in accordance with FLPMA, to have wilderness characteristics— (i) as of the date of enactment of this Act; or (ii) in a land use plan finalized under FLPMA; (F) National Forest System land and public land administered by the Bureau of Land Man-agement that has been designated as a national monument, national volcanic monument, na-tional recreation area, national scenic area, inventoried roadless area, unit of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, wilderness study area, or Land Use Designation II (as described by sec-tion 508 of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 101–626; 104 Stat. 4428)); or (G) a sentinel landscape designated by the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of De-fense, and the Secretary of the Interior. (3) FLPMA.—The term ‘‘FLPMA’’ means the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (4) P
RIORITY AREA .—The term ‘‘priority area’’ means land within the outer boundary of any— (A) National Monument; (B) national conservation area managed by the Bureau of Land Management; (C) component of the National Wilderness Preservation System; or (D) unit of the National Park System. (5) P
UBLIC LAND .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘public land’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘public lands’’ in section 103 of FLPMA (43 U.S.C. 1702). (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘public land’’ does not include Federal land that— (i) is within an eligible area; (ii) is within an area of critical environmental concern established pursuant to section 202(c)(3) of FLPMA (43 U.S.C. 1712(c)(3)); (iii) is within an area withdrawn or reserved by an Act of Congress, the President, or public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.035 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5608 June 25, 2018 
land order for a particular public purpose or program, including for the conservation of nat-ural resources; (iv) has been acquired using funds from the Land and Water Conservation Fund established under section 200302 of title 54, United States Code; (v) is within the boundary of an Indian res-ervation, pueblo, or rancheria; or (vi) is within a special recreation management area. (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (7) S
TATE LAND GRANT PARCEL .—The term ‘‘State land grant parcel’’ means— (A) any land granted to a western State by Congress through a statehood or territorial land grant for the support of public education or other public institutions, or subsequently ac-quired by the western State for that purpose; or (B) land granted to the State of Alaska under subsections (a), (b), and (k) of section 6 of the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85–508). (8) T
RADITIONAL CULTURAL PROPERTY .—The term ‘‘traditional cultural property’’ has the meaning given the term— (A) ‘‘historic property’’ in section 800.16 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in ef-fect on the date of enactment of this Act); or (B) ‘‘sacred site’’ in section 1(b) of Executive Order 13007 (42 U.S.C. 1996 note; relating to In-dian sacred sites). (9) W
ATER RIGHT .—The term ‘‘water right’’ means any right in or to groundwater, surface water, or effluent under Federal, State, or other law. (10) W
ESTERN STATE .—The term ‘‘western State’’ means any of the States of Alaska, Ari-zona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oregon, South Da-kota, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming. 
SEC. 4. RELINQUISHMENT OF STATE LAND GRANT PARCELS AND SELECTION OF RE-PLACEMENT LAND. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOSELECT .—In accordance with this Act and in order to facilitate the ful-fillment of the mandates of State land grant parcels and Federal land described in subpara-graphs (A) through (G) of section 3(2), on ap-proval by the Secretary of an application under section 5, a western State may relinquish to the United States State land grant parcels wholly or primarily within eligible areas and select in ex-change public land within the western State. (b) V
ALID EXISTING RIGHTS .—Land conveyed under this Act shall be subject to valid existing rights. (c) M
ANAGEMENT AFTER RELINQUISHMENT .— Any portion of a State land grant parcel ac-quired by the United States under this Act that is located within an eligible area shall— (1) be incorporated in, and be managed as part of, the applicable unit described in sub-paragraphs (A) through (G) of section 3(2) in which the land is located without further action by the Secretary with jurisdiction over the unit; and (2) if located within the National Forest Sys-tem, be administered by the Secretary of Agri-culture in accordance with— (A) the Act of March 1, 1911 (commonly known as the ‘‘Weeks Law’’) (16 U.S.C. 552 et seq.); and (B) any laws (including regulations) applica-ble to the National Forest System and the unit of the National Forest System in which the land is located. (d) L
IMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graphs (2) and (3), until a western State has re-linquished and conveyed to the United States substantially all of the State land grant parcels located in priority areas in the western State, the western State may not apply to relinquish State land grant parcels in other eligible areas in the western State. (2) EXCEPTION .—The Secretary may waive the limitation in paragraph (1) on a determination that the relinquishment and conveyance to the United States of substantially all State land grant parcels located in priority areas in the western State is impractical or infeasible. (3) O
THER STATE LAND GRANT PARCELS .—The Secretary may accept an application from a western State to relinquish State land grant parcels within an eligible area in the western State if— (A) the application is limited to relinquishing one or more State land grant parcels within a single eligible area; (B) the western State submitting the applica-tion is, as determined by the Secretary, making substantial progress in relinquishing State land grant parcels within priority areas in the west-ern State; and (C) the Secretary has not accepted any other applications from the western State under this paragraph during the 5-year period ending on the date of the application. 
SEC. 5. PROCESS. 
(a) P ROCESS FOR APPLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 540 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and in ac-cordance with this section, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations establishing a process by which the western States may request the relin-quishment of State land grant parcels wholly or partially within eligible areas and select public land in exchange for the State land grant par-cels. (2) T
IMING .—Except as provided in section 8(c), the process established by the Secretary under this section shall ensure that the relin-quishment of State land grant parcels and the conveyance of public land is concurrent. (b) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—Prior to accepting or conveying any land under this Act, the Sec-retary shall provide public notice and an oppor-tunity to comment on the proposed conveyances between the western State and the United States. (c) E
NVIRONMENTAL ANALYSIS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the Secretary shall acquire State land grant parcels and convey public land under this Act in accordance with— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (B) other applicable laws. (2) E
NVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT OR ENVIRON -
MENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .—In preparing an environmental assessment or environmental im-pact statement pursuant to section 102(2) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)) for the acquisition of State land grant parcels and the conveyance of public land under this Act, if the western State has indi-cated an unwillingness to consider State land grant parcels for relinquishment or public land for acquisition (other than the State land grant parcels and public land described in the pro-posed agency action), the Secretary is not re-quired to study, develop, and describe more than— (A) the proposed agency action; and (B) the alternative of no action. (d) A
GREEMENTS WITHSTATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized to enter into agreements with any of the western States to facilitate processing of applications and conveyance of selected land. (2) A
GREEMENT .—On completion of a preapplication process that includes identifica-tion of land to be conveyed, the Secretary and the western State may enter into a nonbinding agreement that includes— (A) a time schedule for completing the convey-ances; (B) an assignment of responsibility for per-formance of required functions and for costs as-sociated with processing the conveyances; and (C) a statement specifying whether assump-tion of costs will be allowed pursuant to section 8(d). (e) APPROVAL OR REJECTION .—The Secretary— (1) shall issue a final determination on an ap-plication not later than 3 years after the date a western State submits that application to the Secretary; (2) may approve an application in whole or in part, or as modified by the Secretary as nec-essary to balance the equities of the States and interest of the public; (3) shall not accept an application under this Act for selection of any parcel of public land that in the judgment of the Secretary— (A) is not reasonably compact and consoli-dated; (B) will create significant management con-flicts with respect to the management of adja-cent Federal land; (C) will significantly adversely affect public use of a recreation site or recreation area eligi-ble for the collection of recreation fees under the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) or other authority; (D) will significantly adversely affect public access, hunting, fishing, recreational shooting, outdoor recreation, or result in adverse impacts to critical fish and wildlife habitat; or (E) is not in the public interest, as determined under 43 Code of Federal Regulations 2200.0- 6(b), as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; (4) shall not accept any State land grant par-cels that, in the judgment of the Secretary, are not suitable for inclusion in the applicable unit described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 3(2) in which the land is located; (5) shall, prior to approving an application, consult with the head of any Federal agency with jurisdiction over Federal land— (A) within which a western State proposes to relinquish a State land grant parcel; or (B) that is adjacent to public land proposed for conveyance to a western State; (6) shall, prior to approving an application— (A) consult, in accordance with Federal law, with any Indian tribe affected by the subject of the application, including any Indian tribe that notifies the Secretary that there is traditional cultural property located within the public land proposed for conveyance to the western State; and (B) if the Secretary determines that tradi-tional cultural property is located within the public land proposed for conveyance to the western State, consider the extent to which pro-tection would be available for the traditional cultural property after conveyance of the public land to the western State, including terms or conditions that the Secretary, with the agree-ment of the western State, may impose on the conveyance of the public land to the western State; (7) may reject an application in whole or in part if the Secretary, after consideration of available protection for traditional cultural property located within the public land pro-posed for conveyance to the western State pur-suant to paragraph (6)(B), determines that in-sufficient protection would be available for the traditional cultural property after conveyance of the public land to the western State; (8) shall, for applications by a western State for the conveyance of a parcel of public land that will result in significantly diminished pub-lic access to adjacent Federal land— (A) reject that portion of the application; or (B) reserve a right-of-way through the public land to be conveyed ensuring continued public access to adjacent Federal land; and (9) shall convey any public land approved for selection not later than 1 year after entering into a final agreement between the Secretary and the western State on the land to be con-veyed, subject to such other terms and condi-tions as may be appropriate. (f) C
OSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—All costs of conveyances under this Act, including appraisals, surveys, and related costs, shall be paid equally by the Secretary and the western State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.015 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5609 June 25, 2018 
(2) A LLOCATION .—The Federal agency that re-ceives State land in a conveyance under this Act shall assume the Federal share of administrative costs, including appraisals, surveys, and related costs, unless otherwise agreed to by the heads of the respective agencies. (g) C
ONVEYANCE BY WESTERN STATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The conveyance of any State land grant parcel under this Act shall— (A) be by patent or deed acceptable to the Sec-retary; and (B) not be considered an exchange or acquisi-tion for purposes of sections 205 and 206 of FLPMA (43 U.S.C. 1715, 1716). (2) C
ONCURRENCE .—The Secretary of Agri-culture shall concur in any determination to ac-cept the conveyance of a State land grant parcel within the boundaries of any unit of the Na-tional Forest System. (h) C
ONVEYANCE BY UNITED STATES .—The conveyance of public land by the United States shall— (1) not be considered a sale, exchange, or con-veyance under section 203, 206, or 209 of FLPMA (43 U.S.C. 1713, 1716, and 1719); and (2) include such terms or conditions as the Secretary may require. 
SEC. 6. MINERAL LAND. 
(a) S ELECTION AND CONVEYANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to this Act, a west-ern State may select, and the Secretary may convey, land that is mineral in character under this Act. (2) E
XCLUSION .—A western State may not se-lect, and the Secretary may not convey land that includes only— (A) a portion of a mineral lease or permit; (B) the Federal mineral estate, unless the United States does not own the associated sur-face estate; or (C) the Federal surface estate, unless the United States does not own the associated min-eral estate. (b) M
INING CLAIMS .— (1) M
INING CLAIMS UNAFFECTED .—Nothing in this Act alters, diminishes, or expands the exist-ing rights of a mining claimant under applicable law. (2) V
ALIDITY EXAMS .—Nothing in this Act re-quires the United States to carry out a mineral examination for any mining claim located on public land to be conveyed under this Act. (3) W
ITHDRAWAL .—Public land selected by a western State for acquisition under this Act is withdrawn, subject to valid existing rights, from location, entry, and patent under the mining laws until that date on which— (A) the land is conveyed by the Federal Gov-ernment to the western State; (B) the Secretary makes a final determination not accepting the selection of the land; or (C) the western State withdraws the selection of the land. 
SEC. 7. CONSTRUCTION WITH OTHER LAWS. 
(a) C ONSIDERATION .—In the application of laws, regulations, and policies relating to selec-tions made under this Act, the Secretary shall consider the equities of the western States and the interest of the public. (b) L
ANDUSEPLAN.—The Secretary may ap-prove an application submitted in accordance with this Act even if— (1) the selected public land is not otherwise identified for disposal; or (2) the land to be acquired is not identified to be acquired in the applicable land use plan. 
SEC. 8. VALUATION. 
(a) E QUAL VALUE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The overall value of the State land grant parcels and the public land to be conveyed shall be— (A) equal; or (B) if the value is not equal— (i) equalized by the payment of funds to the western State or to the Secretary as the cir-cumstances require; or (ii) reflected on the balance of a ledger ac-count established under subsection (c). (2) APPRAISAL REQUIRED .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary shall determine the value of a State land grant parcel and pub-lic land through an appraisal completed in ac-cordance with— (A) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Fed-eral Land Acquisitions; and (B) the Uniform Standards for Professional Appraisal Practice. (3) E
QUALIZATION .—For each transaction, an equalization payment described in paragraph (1)(B)(i) or a ledger entry described in para-graph (1)(B)(ii) may not exceed 25 percent of the total value of the land or interest transferred out of Federal ownership. (b) L
OWVALUE PARCELS .— (1) V
ALUATION .—The Secretary may, with the consent of a western State, use a summary ap-praisal or statement of value made by a quali-fied appraiser carried out in accordance with the Uniform Standards for Professional Ap-praisal Practice instead of an appraisal that complies with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions if the western State and the Secretary agree that the market value of a State land grant parcel or a parcel of public land is— (A) less than $500,000; and (B) less than $500 per acre. (2) D
IVISION .—A State land grant parcel or a parcel of public land may not be artificially di-vided in order to qualify for a summary ap-praisal or statement of value under paragraph (1). (c) L
EDGER ACCOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary and any west-ern State may agree to use a ledger account to make equal the value of land relinquished by the western State and conveyed by the United States to the western State under this Act. (2) I
MBALANCES .—A ledger account described in paragraph (1) shall reflect imbalances in value to be reconciled in a subsequent trans-action. (3) A
CCOUNT BALANCING .—Each ledger ac-count shall be— (A) balanced not later than 3 years after the date on which the ledger account is established; and (B) closed not later than 5 years after the date of the last conveyance of land under this Act. (d) C
OSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the western State may assume costs or other responsibilities or requirements for conveying land under this Act that ordinarily are borne by the other party. (2) A
DJUSTMENT .—If the Secretary assumes costs or other responsibilities under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall make adjustments to the value of the public land conveyed to the western State to compensate the Secretary for assuming the costs or other responsibilities. (e) A
DJUSTMENT .—If value is attributed to any parcel of public land that has been selected by a western State because of the presence of min-erals under a lease entered into under the Min-eral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) that is in a producing or producible status, and the lease is to be conveyed under this Act, the value of the parcel shall be reduced by the amount that represents the likely Federal revenue sharing obligation under that Act, but the adjustment shall not be considered as reflecting a property right of the western State. 
SEC. 9. MISCELLANEOUS. 
(a) H AZARDOUS MATERIALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the west-ern States shall make available for review and inspection any record relating to hazardous ma-terials on land to be conveyed under this Act. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary and the western State shall each complete an inspection and a hazardous materials certification of land to be conveyed under this Act before the comple-tion of the conveyance. (b) W
ATER RIGHTS .— (1) S
TATE-HELD APPURTENANT WATER  
RIGHTS .—Any conveyance of a State land grant parcel under this Act may include the convey-ance of State-held water rights appurtenant to the land conveyed in accordance with applica-ble law. (2) FEDERALLY HELD APPURTENANT WATER  
RIGHTS .—Any conveyance of public land under this Act may include the conveyance of feder-ally held water rights appurtenant to the land conveyed in accordance with applicable Federal and State law. (3) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this Act— (A) creates an implied or expressed Federal re-served water right; (B) affects a valid existing water right; or (C) affects the use of water conveyance infra-structure associated with a water right de-scribed in subparagraph (B). (c) G
RAZING PERMITS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If land conveyed under this Act is subject to a lease, permit, or contract for the grazing of domestic livestock in effect on the date of the conveyance, the Secretary (or the Secretary of Agriculture for land located within the National Forest System) and the western State shall allow the grazing to continue for the remainder of the term of the lease, permit, or contract, subject to the related terms and condi-tions of user agreements, including permitted stocking rates, grazing fee levels, access, and ownership and use of range improvements. (2) R
ENEWAL .—On expiration of any grazing lease, permit, or contract described in paragraph (1), the party that has jurisdiction over the land on the date of expiration may elect to renew the lease, permit, or contract if permitted under ap-plicable law. (3) C
ANCELLATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act prevents the Secretary (or the Secretary of Agriculture for land located within the National Forest Sys-tem) or the western State from canceling or modifying a grazing permit, lease, or contract if the land subject to the permit, lease, or contract is sold, conveyed, transferred, or leased for non-grazing purposes. (B) L
IMITATION .—Except to the extent reason-ably necessary to accommodate surface oper-ations in support of mineral development, the Secretary (or the Secretary of Agriculture for land located within the National Forest System) or the western State shall not cancel or modify a grazing permit, lease, or contract for land con-veyed pursuant to this Act because the land subject to the permit, lease, or contract has been leased for mineral development. (4) B
ASE PROPERTIES .—If land conveyed by the western State under this Act is used by a grazing permittee or lessee to meet the base property requirements for a Federal grazing per-mit or lease, the land shall continue to qualify as a base property for the remaining term of the lease or permit and the term of any renewal or extension of the lease or permit. (5) R
ANGE IMPROVEMENTS .—Nothing in this Act prohibits a holder of a grazing lease, permit, or contract from being compensated for range improvements pursuant to the terms of the lease, permit, or contract under existing Federal or State laws. (d) R
OADRIGHTS -OF-WAYS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If land conveyed under this Act is subject to a road lease, road right-of-way, road easement, or other valid existing right in effect on the date of the conveyance, the Sec-retary (or the Secretary of Agriculture for land located within the National Forest System) and the western State shall allow the lease, right-of- way, easement, or other valid existing right to continue for the remainder of the term of the lease, right-of-way, easement, or other valid ex-isting right, subject to the applicable terms and conditions of the lease, right-of-way, easement, or other valid existing right. (2) R
ENEWAL .—On expiration of any road lease, road right-of-way, road easement, or other valid existing right described in paragraph (1), the party that has jurisdiction over the land on the date of expiration may elect to renew the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.015 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5610 June 25, 2018 
lease, right-of-way, easement, or other valid ex-isting right if permitted under applicable law. (e) P
ROTECTION OF INDIAN RIGHTS .— (1) T
REATY RIGHTS .—Nothing in this Act alters or diminishes the treaty rights of any Indian tribe. (2) L
AND HELD IN TRUST .—Nothing in this Act affects— (A) land held in trust by the Secretary for any Indian tribe; or (B) any individual Indian allotment. (3) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this Act alters, dimin-ishes, or enlarges the application of— (A) division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘National Historic Preservation Act’’ (16 U.S.C. 470 et seq.)); (B) the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); (C) Public Law 95–341 (commonly known as the ‘‘American Indian Religious Freedom Act’’) (42 U.S.C. 1996); (D) chapter 3125 of title 54, United States Code; or (E) the Archaeological Resources Protection Act of 1979 (16 U.S.C. 470aa et seq.). 
SEC. 10. EFFECT. 
Nothing in this Act repeals or limits, expressly or by implication, any authority in existence on the date of enactment of this Act for the selec-tion or exchange of land. 
SEC. 11. TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the provisions of this Act shall cease to be effec-tive with regard to any State land grant parcel located within an eligible area for which an ap-plication has not been filed by the date that is 20 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) N
EWELIGIBLE AREAS.—If the application described in subsection (a) is for a State land grant parcel that is located within an eligible area established after the date of enactment of this Act, the provisions of this Act shall remain effective for 20 years after the date on which the new eligible area is established. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEW-
ART). Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, as you know—I think everyone knows this much—much of the land in the Western States is controlled by whom? The Fed-eral Government. In my own home State of Utah, about two-thirds of the land is owned and controlled by the Federal Government. Because States cannot tax this Federal Government land, it means that about two-thirds of the land in Utah cannot be taxed. This, as you can imagine, presents enormous challenges for Western States when they are trying to raise sufficient funds for things like public education. Recognizing this challenge, Congress made sizable land grants to the West-ern States, but it was based on the con-dition that granted lands be held in trust and used to generate revenue for education and other worthy causes. Since the time State lands trust grants were made, large areas of the West have been designated for Federal protection. This has resulted in these trust lands being encapsulated inside federally protected lands, creating land management conflicts that are just enormous and very difficult to over-come. Once again, the end result is that you have reduced revenues for our children in Utah, and we have a challenge find-ing sufficient revenue to educate them. It is clearly in the best interest of States and the Federal Government to transfer ownership of some of these trust lands to the Federal Government in exchange for less sensitive and rev-enue-generating lands transferred to the State. This truly is bipartisan, a win-win, and not difficult to see that everyone is better off by this. Land exchanges be-tween States and the Federal Govern-ment have become very expensive and time-consuming. That is why my bill advancing conservation and education creates a streamlined mechanism for transfer of lands between States and the Federal Government. As I said, this bill truly is a win-win, and it proves to the people on all sides that we can come together and that we can solve some of these very complex land issues. So, again, I want to thank my friend from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) for working with me on this important legislation. I would also like to thank the Wilder-ness Society, SITLA, and others who have worked to make this possible. If you are a conservationist, if you are an educator, if you are a legislator on either side of the aisle, this is some-thing that most of us agree is helpful and positive for the Federal Govern-ment and also for the children in Utah. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4257 creates a proc-ess to expedite land exchanges between the Federal Government and State land grant agencies. Currently, the primary method of eliminating State trust lands from con-servation areas has been through legis-lative land exchanges, which can be time-consuming and complicated. This bipartisan bill, introduced by Rep-resentatives S
TEWART and P OLIS, offers a new way to speed up the process of removing State lands from Federal conservation areas. H.R. 4257 could incentivize State land agencies to be good partners and sup-porters of additional conservation leg-islation by removing an important bar-rier to new conservation designations and improving the management of ex-isting conservation areas. Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD additional back-ground that is necessary for this par-ticular bill. 
BACKGROUND AND NEED FOR H.R. 4257, A D-
VANCING CONSERVATION AND EDUCATION ACT The Advancing Conservation and Edu-cation (ACE) Act is based on existing provi-sions in western State enabling acts allowing States to select replacement lands in lieu of State school grants that were not completed by the United States. Congress granted most of the western States land to be held in trust by the States and used to support public education and other public purposes. Many of these State trust lands parcels are in a ‘‘checkerboard’’ pattern inside federal areas managed for con-servation, such as national parks and monu-ments, national wildlife refuges, wilderness study areas, and areas of critical environ-mental concern. The intermingling of land ownership creates significant problems for both federal land managers and the States, since the latter are required to manage State trust lands to provide revenue for public edu-cation. Through its land use planning proc-ess, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) identifies lands that are difficult or uneconomic to manage, such as ‘‘checker-board’’ areas. H.R. 4257 will help meet the goal of rationalizing land ownership in the west by creating an additional authority for the United States to acquire State lands in fed-eral conservation areas, and compensating the States with equal-value replacement fed-eral lands within the State. The current process where interested parties bring land exchanges to Congress on a case-by-case basis is time-consuming and cumbersome, and existing administrative land exchange authorities are equally challenging. The bipartisan proposal expands existing authority (43 U.S.C. 851–852), that allows western States to select federal lands ‘‘in lieu’’ of lands lost to the States when origi-nal statehood land grants were not com-pleted. It would allow States with lands lo-cated in federal conservation areas to deed back those lands to the United States, and select replacement lands of equivalent value from the unappropriated federal public lands within that State. Many of the provisions of the proposal incorporate existing BLM ad-ministrative provisions for in-lieu selections, including land valuation, and compliance with BLM land use plans. It would not re-place the land exchange process, but rather provide an alternative mechanism for State- federal land transfers. Further, H.R. 4257 also directs the Depart-ment of the Interior to create a process for the relinquishment of the parcels and sets forth requirements regarding hazardous ma-terials on land conveyed, water rights, graz-ing permits, road rights-of ways, and other valid existing rights. The Western States Land Commissioners Association (WSLCA), a bipartisan organiza-tion of 21 State agencies responsible for man-aging more than 500 million acres of public and school trust land, has proposed a legisla-tive solution to provide a mechanism for the United States to acquire lands owned by the western States and located inside federal conservation areas, while fairly compen-sating the States for those lands by granting them the right to select replacement lands of equivalent value from the public domain. The WSLCA proposal has had substantial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.015 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5611 June 25, 2018 
input from western States and the conserva-tion community. Previous iterations of the proposed bill have also been supported by conservations groups such as the Wilderness Society. H.R. 4257 is based on this proposal. H.R. 4257 would provide a useful tool for federal and State land managers to make their respective landholdings more rational, for the benefit of both sound land manage-ment and public education funding. A companion bill, S. 2078, has been intro-duced in the Senate. The policy provisions set forth in H.R. 4257 have enjoyed bipartisan support in the House and Senate in the 114th and 113th sessions.. 
MAJOR PROVISIONS SECTION -BY-SECTION  
ANALYSIS  Sec. 4. Relinquishment of State Land Grant Parcels and Selection of Replacement Land. Expands existing authority for western States to relinquish State trust lands wholly or primarily within eligible federal areas managed for conservation. Clarifies that land conveyed under this au-thority remains subject to valid existing rights. Stipulates that relinquished lands shall be managed by the land agency responsible for the conservation area that the land is being added to. Requires western States’ authority to use this alternative authority in priority areas before applying to relinquish State land in other eligible areas. However, the Secretary of the Interior can waive this requirement if it is determined that the relinquishment of parcels located in the priority areas is im-practical or infeasible. Further waives the priority requirement if an application for relinquishment is limited to a single eligible area, and it is further de-termined that substantial progress is being made by the State to relinquish priority par-cels. This exemption can only occur once every five years. Sec. 5. Process. Requires the Secretary of the Interior to establish a process within 540 days for west-ern States to request relinquishment of eli-gible State parcels and to select federal land in exchange. Requires the land exchanges to be concur-rent. Requires public notice and an opportunity to comment on proposed conveyances be-tween the western State and the United States. Requires the land exchanges to be done in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and other applicable laws. Permits the Secretary to enter into agree-ments with any of the western States to fa-cilitate processing of applications and con-veyance of land. Requires the Secretary to issue a final de-termination on an application within 3 years after submission. Prohibits the Secretary from accepting an application for the selection of federal land if it is determined that the selection is not reasonably compact and consolidated, if it will create significant management con-flicts, if it will adversely affect federal use or a recreation site, or if the selection is not in the public interest. Requires consultation with the head of the appropriate federal land agency before ap-proving any conveyance of federal land. Requires consultation with any Indian tribe affected by the land conveyance, in-cluding any tribe which notifies the Sec-retary that there is traditional cultural property located within the federal land pro-posed for conveyance to the western State. Stipulates the costs of conveyance shall be shared equally by the Secretary and the western State. Sec. 6. Mineral Land. Permits western States to select federal land that is mineral in character. Excludes mineral land that only includes a portion of a mineral lease or permit, land that is part of the federal mineral estate (un-less the United States does not own the asso-ciated surface estate), or land that is part of federal surface estate (unless the United States does not own the associated mineral estate). Clarifies that nothing in this Act shall af-fect existing mining claims. Sec. 7. Construction with Other Laws. Requires the Secretary to consider the eq-uities of the western States and interest of the public in the application of this Act. Sec. 8. Valuation. Requires the overall value of the State trust parcels and the federal land conveyed to be equal, and if not equal to be equalized by a payment of funds. Sec. 9. Miscellaneous. Requires the Secretary and the western State make available for review any record relating to hazardous materials on the land to be conveyed. Allows State or federal water rights to be included in the conveyance of land. Clarifies that nothing in this Act creates an implied or expressed federal reserved water right, affects a valid existing water right, or affects the use of water conveyance infrastructure. Stipulates that existing grazing rights must be honored for the remainder of the term of lease, permit, or contract. After this duration, the party who has jurisdiction over the land may elect to renew the lease, per-mit or contract. Clarifies that nothing in this Act prevents the Secretary or State from cancelling or modifying a grazing permit, lease or con-tract if the land is sold, conveyed, trans-ferred or leased for nongrazing purposes. Restricts cancellation of grazing permits except to the extent reasonably necessary to accommodate surface operations in support of mineral development. Stipulates that existing road lease, road right-of-way, road easement, or other valid existing right must be honored for the re-mainder of the term of lease, permit, or con-tract. After this duration, the party who has jurisdiction over the land may elect to renew the lease, permit or contract. Clarifies that nothing in this Act alters or diminishes the treaty rights of any Indian tribe. Sec. 10 Effect. Nothing in this Act repeals or limits, ex-pressly or by implication, any authority in existence on the date of enactment of this Act for the selection or exchange of land. Sec. 11. Termination of Authority. The authority provided by this Act will ex-pire 20 years after enactment. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, let me also say that, as a former teach-er and a future teacher, I appreciate Mr. S
TEWART actually working on this piece of legislation that goes to help education in the State of Utah. No one else is doing that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4257, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
BLUE WATER NAVY VIETNAM VETERANS ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 299) to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain vet-erans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 299 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION OF PRESUMPTIONS OF EXPOSURE FOR VETERANS WHO SERVED IN VICINITY OF REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1116 the following new section: ‘‘§ 1116A. Presumptions of service connection for veterans who served offshore of the Re-public of Vietnam ‘‘(a) S
ERVICE CONNECTION .—For the pur-poses of section 1110 of this title, and subject to section 1113 of this title, a disease covered by section 1116 of this title becoming mani-fest as specified in that section in a veteran who, during active military, naval, or air service, served offshore of the Republic of Vietnam during the period beginning on Jan-uary 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, shall be considered to have been incurred in or ag-gravated by such service, notwithstanding that there is no record of evidence of such disease during the period of such service. ‘‘(b) E
XPOSURE .—A veteran who, during ac-tive military, naval, or air service, served offshore of the Republic of Vietnam during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, shall be presumed to have been exposed during such service to an herbicide agent unless there is affirmative evidence to establish that the veteran was not exposed to any such agent during that service. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF AWARD .—(1) Ex- cept as provided by paragraph (2), the effec-tive date of an award under this section shall be determined in accordance with section 5110 of this title. ‘‘(2)(A) Notwithstanding subsection (g) of section 5110 of this title, the Secretary shall determine the effective date of an award based on a claim under this section for an in-dividual described in subparagraph (B) by treating the date on which the individual filed the prior claim specified in clause (i) of such subparagraph as the date on which the individual filed the claim so awarded under this section. ‘‘(B) An individual described in this sub-paragraph is a veteran, or a survivor of a veteran, who meets the following criteria: ‘‘(i) The veteran or survivor submitted a claim for disability compensation on or after September 25, 1985, and before January 1, 2019, for a disease covered by this section, and the claim was denied by reason of the claim not establishing that the disease was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.016 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5612 June 25, 2018 
incurred or aggravated by the service of the veteran. ‘‘(ii) The veteran or survivor submits a claim for disability compensation on or after January 1, 2019, for the same condition cov-ered by the prior claim under clause (i), and the claim is approved pursuant to this sec-tion. ‘‘(d) D
ETERMINATION OF OFFSHORE .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, for purposes of this section, the Secretary shall treat a location as being offshore of Vietnam if the location is not more than 12 nautical miles seaward of a line commencing on the southwestern demarcation line of the waters of Vietnam and Cambodia and intersecting the following points: ‘‘Points Geographic Names Latitude North Longitude East 
At Hon Nhan Island, Tho Chu Archipelago Kien Giang Province 9°15.0’ 103°27.0’ 
At Hon Da Island southeast of Hon Khoai Island Minh Hai Province 8°22.8’ 104°52.4’ 
At Tai Lon Islet, Con Dao Islet in Con Dao-Vung Toa Special Sector 8°37.8’ 106°37.5’ 
At Bong Lai Islet, Con Dao Islet 8°38.9’ 106°40.3’ 
At Bay Canh Islet, Con Dao Islet 8°39.7’ 106°42.1’ 
At Hon Hai Islet (Phu Qui group of islands) Thuan Hai Province 9°58.0’ 109°5.0’ 
At Hon Doi Islet, Thuan Hai Province 12°39.0’ 109°28.0’ 
At Dai Lanh point, Phu Khanh Province 12°53.8’ 109°27.2’ 
At Ong Can Islet, Phu Khanh Province 13°54.0’ 109°21.0’ 
At Ly Son Islet, Nghia Binh Province 15°23.1’ 109° 9.0’ 
At Con Co Island, Binh Tri Thien Province 17°10.0’ 107°20.6’ 
‘‘(e) H ERBICIDE AGENT .—In this section, the term ‘herbicide agent’ has the meaning given that term in section 1116 (a)(3) of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1116 the following new item: ‘‘1116A. Presumptions of service connection for veterans who served off-shore of the Republic of Viet-nam.’’. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) G
UIDANCE .—Notwithstanding section 501 of such title, the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs may issue guidance to implement sec-tion 1116A of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (2) U
PDATES .—On a quarterly basis during the period beginning on the date of the en-actment of this Act and ending on the date on which regulations are prescribed to carry out such section 1116A, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate updates on the status of such regula-tions. (3) P
ENDING CASES .— (A) A
UTHORITY TO STAY .—The Secretary may stay a claim described in subparagraph (B) until the date on which the Secretary commences the implementation of such sec-tion 1116A. (B) C
LAIMS DESCRIBED .—A claim described in this subparagraph is a claim for disability compensation— (i) relating to the service and diseases cov-ered by such section 1116A; and (ii) that is pending at the Veterans Bene-fits Administration or the Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act and before the date on which the Secretary commences the imple-mentation of such section 1116A. (d) O
UTREACH .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall conduct outreach to in-form veterans described in paragraph (2) of the ability to submit a claim for disability compensation under section 1116A of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (2) V
ETERAN DESCRIBED .—A veteran de-scribed in this paragraph is a veteran who, during active military, naval, or air service, served offshore of the Republic of Vietnam during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975. (e) REPORTS .—Not later than January 1, 2020, and not later than January 1, 2022, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on claims for disability compensation under section 1116A of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). Each report shall include the following with respect to the period covered by the report, disaggregated by the regional offices of the Department of Veterans Affairs: (1) The number of claims filed under such section. (2) The number of such claims granted. (3) The number of such claims denied. (f) H
EALTH CARE.—Section 1710(e)(4) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(including offshore of such Republic as described in section 1116A(d) of this title)’’ after ‘‘served on active duty in the Republic of Vietnam’’. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 3. PRESUMPTION OF HERBICIDE EXPOSURE FOR CERTAIN VETERANS WHO SERVED IN KOREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1116A, as added by section 2, the following new section: ‘‘§ 1116B. Presumption of herbicide exposure for certain veterans who served in Korea ‘‘(a) P
RESUMPTION OF SERVICE -CONNEC -
TION.—(1) For the purposes of section 1110 of this title, and subject to section 1113 of this title, a disease specified in subsection (b) that becomes manifest as specified in that subsection in a veteran described in para-graph (2) shall be considered to have been in-curred or aggravated in the line of duty in the active military, naval, or air service, notwithstanding that there is no record of evidence of such disease during the period of such service. ‘‘(2) A veteran described in this paragraph is a veteran who, during active military, naval, or air service, served in or near the Korean demilitarized zone (DMZ), during the period beginning on September 1, 1967, and ending on August 31, 1971. ‘‘(b) D
ISEASES .—A disease specified in this subsection is— ‘‘(1) a disease specified in paragraph (2) of subsection (a) of section 1116 of this title that becomes manifest as specified in that paragraph; or ‘‘(2) any additional disease that— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines in regula-tions warrants a presumption of service-con-nection by reason of having positive associa-tion with exposure to an herbicide agent; and ‘‘(B) becomes manifest within any period prescribed in such regulations. ‘‘(c) HERBICIDE AGENT .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘herbicide agent’ has the meaning given such term in section 1821(d) of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1116A, as added by section 2, the following new item: ‘‘1116B. Presumption of herbicide exposure for certain veterans who served in Korea.’’. (c) P
ENDING CASES.— (1) A
UTHORITY TO STAY .—The Secretary may stay a claim described in subparagraph (B) until the date on which the Secretary commences the implementation of section 1116B of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (2) C
LAIMS DESCRIBED .—A claim described in this subparagraph is a claim for disability compensation— (A) relating to the service and diseases covered by such section 1116B; and (B) that is pending at the Veterans Bene-fits Administration or the Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act and before the date on which the Secretary commences the imple-mentation of such section 1116B. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 4. BENEFITS FOR CHILDREN OF CERTAIN THAILAND SERVICE VETERANS BORN WITH SPINA BIFIDA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 18 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.017 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5613 June 25, 2018 
‘‘§ 1822. Benefits for children of certain Thai-land service veterans born with spina bifida ‘‘(a) B
ENEFITS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may provide to any child of a veteran of cov-ered service in Thailand who is suffering from spina bifida the health care, vocational training and rehabilitation, and monetary allowance required to be paid to a child of a Vietnam veteran who is suffering from spina bifida under subchapter I of this chapter as if such child of a veteran of covered service in Thailand were a child of a Vietnam veteran who is suffering from spina bifida under such subchapter. ‘‘(b) S
PINA BIFIDA CONDITIONS COVERED .— This section applies with respect to all forms and manifestations of spina bifida, except spina bifida occulta. ‘‘(c) V
ETERAN OF COVERED SERVICE IN THAI-
LAND .—For purposes of this section, a vet-eran of covered service in Thailand is any in-dividual, without regard to the characteriza-tion of that individual’s service, who— ‘‘(1) served in the active military, naval, or air service in Thailand, as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975; and ‘‘(2) is determined by the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, to have been exposed to a herbicide agent dur-ing such service in Thailand. ‘‘(d) H
ERBICIDE AGENT .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘herbicide agent’ means a chemical in a herbicide used in sup-port of United States and allied military op-erations in Thailand, as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO DEFINITION  
OF‘‘CHILD’’.—Section 1831(1) of such title is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘subchapter III of this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1821 of this title’’; and (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘section 1821 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘that section’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) For purposes of section 1822 of this title, an individual, regardless of age or mar-ital status, who— ‘‘(i) is the natural child of a veteran of cov-ered service in Thailand (as determined for purposes of that section); and ‘‘(ii) was conceived after the date on which that veteran first entered service described in subsection (c) of that section.’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
UBCHAPTER HEADING .—The heading for subchapter III of chapter 18 of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘AND THAILAND’’ after ‘‘KOREA’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 18 of such title is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to sub-chapter III and inserting the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —CHILDREN OF CERTAIN KOREA  
AND THAILAND SERVICE VETERANS BORN WITH  
SPINA BIFIDA ’’; and (B) by inserting after the item relating to section 1821 the following new item: ‘‘1822. Benefits for children of certain Thai-land service veterans born with spina bifida.’’. (d) P
ENDING CASES.— (1) A
UTHORITY TO STAY .—The Secretary may stay a claim described in subparagraph (B) until the date on which the Secretary commences the implementation of section 1822 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (2) C
LAIMS DESCRIBED .—A claim described in this subparagraph is a claim for benefits— (A) relating to the spina bifida and service covered by such section 1822; and (B) that is pending at the Veterans Bene-fits Administration or the Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act and before the date on which the Secretary commences the imple-mentation of such section 1822. (e) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Defense, shall sub-mit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate a report identifying— (1) the military installations of the United States located in Thailand during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, at which an herbicide agent (as defined in section 1822 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)) was actively used; and (2) the period of such use. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 5. UPDATED REPORT ON CERTAIN GULF WAR ILLNESS STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate an updated report on the findings, as of the date of the updated report, of the Follow-up Study of a National Cohort of Gulf War and Gulf Era Veterans under the epidemiology program of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
SEC. 6. LOANS GUARANTEED UNDER HOME LOAN PROGRAM OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) A DJUSTMENT OF LOAN LIMIT.—Section 3703(a)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(i)(IV)— (A) by striking ‘‘the lesser of’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or 25 percent of the loan’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Freddie Mac’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘amount of the loan.’’. (b) L
OAN FEES.—Section 3729(b)(2) of such title is amended by striking the loan fee table and inserting the following: ‘‘Type of loan Active duty veteran Reservist Other obligor 
(A)(i) Initial loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or construct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other initial loan described in section 3710(a) other than with 5-down or 10-down (closed on or after October 1, 2004, and before January 1, 2019) 2.15 2.40 NA (A)(ii) Initial loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or construct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other initial loan described in section 3710(a) other than with 5-down or 10-down (closed on or after January 1, 2019, and before December 1, 2027) 2.40 2.40 NA (A)(iii) Initial loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or construct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other initial loan described in section 3710(a) other than with 5-down or 10-down (closed on or after Decem-ber 1, 2027, and before October 1, 2028) 2.15 2.15 NA (A)(iv) Initial loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or construct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other initial loan described in section 3710(a) other than with 5-down or 10-down (closed on or after October 1, 2028) 1.40 1.40 NA (B)(i) Subsequent loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or con-struct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other subsequent loan described in section 3710(a) (closed on or after October 1, 2004, and before Janu-ary 1, 2019) 3.30 3.30 NA (B)(ii) Subsequent loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or con-struct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other subsequent loan described in section 3710(a) (closed on or after January 1, 2019, and before De-cember 1, 2027) 3.80 3.80 NA (B)(iii) Subsequent loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or con-struct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other subsequent loan described in section 3710(a) (closed on or after December 1, 2027, and before Oc-tober 1, 2028) 3.30 3.30 NA (B)(iv) Subsequent loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or con-struct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other subsequent loan described in section 3710(a) (closed on or after October 1, 2028) 1.25 1.25 NA (C)(i) Loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or construct a dwell-ing with 5-down (closed before January 1, 2019) 1.50 1.75 NA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.017 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5614 June 25, 2018 
‘‘Type of loan Active duty veteran Reservist Other obligor 
(C)(ii) Loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or construct a dwelling with 5-down (closed on or after January 1, 2019, and before December 1, 2027) 1.75 1.75 NA (C)(iii) Loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or construct a dwelling with 5-down (closed on or after December 1, 2027, and before October 1, 2028) 1.50 1.50 NA (C)(iv) Loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or construct a dwelling with 5-down (closed on or after October 1, 2028) 0.75 0.75 NA (D)(i) Loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or construct a dwelling with 10-down (closed before January 1, 2019) 1.25 1.50 NA (D)(ii) Loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or construct a dwelling with 10-down (closed on or after January 1, 2019, and before December 1, 2027) 1.45 1.45 NA (D)(iii) Loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or construct a dwelling with 10-down (closed on or after December 1, 2027, and before October 1, 2028) 1.25 1.25 NA (D)(iv) Loan described in section 3710(a) to purchase or construct a dwelling with 10-down (closed on or after October 1, 2028) 0.50 0.50 NA (E) Interest rate reduction refinancing loan 0.50 0.50 NA (F) Direct loan under section 3711 1.00 1.00 NA (G) Manufactured home loan under section 3712 (other than an interest rate reduction refinancing loan) 1.00 1.00 NA (H) Loan to Native American veteran under section 3762 (other than an interest rate reduction refinancing loan) 1.25 1.25 NA (I) Loan assumption under section 3714 0.50 0.50 0.50 (J) Loan under section 3733(a) 2.25 2.25 2.25’’. 
(c) W AIVER OF FEES FOR PURPLE HEART RE-
CIPIENTS ; C OLLECTION OF CERTAIN LOAN F
EES.—Section 3729(c) of such title is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘A fee’’ and inserting ‘‘Sub-ject to paragraph (3), a fee’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or from a surviving spouse’’ and inserting ‘‘, from a surviving spouse’’; and (C) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, or from a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty who was awarded the Purple Heart’’. (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A fee shall be collected under this sec-tion from any veteran with a service-con-nected disability rated as less than total, any surviving spouse of such a veteran, and any member of the Armed Forces who, on or after January 1, 2019, receives a loan in an amount that exceeds the Freddie Mac con-forming loan limit limitation determined under section 305(a)(2) of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 U.S.C. 1454(a)(2)) for a single-family residence, as adjusted for the year involved.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to a loan guaranteed under section 3710 of title 38, United States Code, on or after Jan-uary 1, 2019. (e) G
UIDANCE .—Notwithstanding section 501 of such title, the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs may issue guidance to implement this section before prescribing new regulations under sections 3703 and 3729 of such title, as amended by subsections (a), (b), and (c). 
SEC. 7. INFORMATION GATHERING FOR DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS HOME LOAN APPRAISALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3731(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall permit an ap-praiser on a list developed and maintained under subsection (a)(3) to make an appraisal for the purposes of this chapter based solely on information gathered by a person with whom the appraiser has entered into an agreement for such services.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to an appraisal under section 3731 of such title, on or after January 1, 2019. (c) G
UIDANCE .—Notwithstanding section 501 of such title, the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs may issue guidance to implement this section before prescribing new regulations under sections 3731 of such title, as amended by subsection (a). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Viet-nam Veterans Act of 2018, which was introduced by Representative V
ALADAO  of California. H.R. 299, as amended, would finally extend the presumption of exposure to Agent Orange to blue water Navy vet-erans. I am grateful to Mr. V
ALADAO  for introducing this long overdue bill, but I also thank my colleagues on the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs for working with us in a bipartisan manner to find an acceptable way to pay for this bill. As many of you know, Agent Orange was used in Vietnam to defoliate areas in the jungle where enemy forces would come and ambush our troops. Unfortu-nately, many Vietnam veterans have developed diseases as a result of their exposure to Agent Orange. Currently, VA only extends a pre-sumption of exposure to Vietnam vet-erans who actually set foot in Vietnam or served in the inland waterways, or the brown water Navy, we call it. Blue water Navy veterans who served off-shore of Vietnam were excluded from the presumption. VA denies these bene-fits because it claims there is not enough scientific information to deter-mine whether blue water Navy vet-erans came into contact with herbi-cides in amounts meaningful to cause disease. Mr. Speaker, I have read the science, and, unfortunately, we will never be able to prove whether blue water Navy veterans were harmed by herbicides. But I have said this before and I will say it again: When too many years have passed—over four decades, in this case—to meaningfully determine the science, the presumption should be heavily in favor of the veteran. Moreover, I am pleased that the bill would help veterans who may have been harmed by exposure to herbicides while serving areas outside the Repub-lic of Vietnam. H.R. 299, as amended, incorporates a proposal authored by Representative TOMMACARTHUR , which would extend the presumption to veterans who served in or near the Korean Demili-tarized Zone beginning on September 1, 1967, which is the month when the mili-tary began testing herbicides in that area. The end date of the presumption period would remain the same as it is now, which is August 31, 1971. This legislation would also require VA to identify U.S. military bases lo-cated in Thailand where Agent Orange was used and when it was used. Additionally, this bill includes a pro-posal authored by Representative W
ESTERMAN of Arkansas, which would require VA to provide benefits for chil-dren who were born with spina bifida if one or both parents may have been ex-posed to Agent Orange while serving in Thailand, just as VA does for children with spina bifida if their parents served in Vietnam or the Korean DMZ while Agent Orange was used. The manager’s amendment makes some technical changes to ensure that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.017 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5615 June 25, 2018 
all Vietnam naval veterans who served within 12 miles offshore of Vietnam during the war are eligible for the pre-sumption. The manager’s amendment also makes technical changes to clarify the intent of this bill, including ensur-ing surviving spouses are eligible for retroactive benefits and authorizes VA to start paying benefits before the final regulations are issued. Additionally, H.R. 299, as amended, would include several improvements to the VA’s home loan program, intro-duced by several Members, including changes to VA’s home appraisal sys-tem, which was introduced by Rep-resentative A
RRINGTON ; and expansion of the conforming loan limit, which would allow veterans to use their earned VA loan benefits in more expen-sive areas, if they qualify. This provi-sion was introduced by Representative Z
ELDIN . b1645 Extension of the waiver of home loan funding fees to recipients of the Purple Heart who are still serving on Active Duty was introduced by Representative H
ERRERA BEUTLER , and temporary in-creases to VA’s home loan funding fees for nondisabled veterans, to offset the cost of this bill. I want to thank all of our VSO part-ners for their support and for helping us craft a bill that finally addresses the plight of blue water Navy veterans. Specifically, I want to thank the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars of the United States, the Disabled American Vet-erans, the American Legion, the Viet-nam Veterans of America, the Fleet Reserve Association, the Military Order of the Purple Heart, the Para-lyzed Veterans of America, the Blue Water Vietnam Veteran Association, Military Veterans Advocacy, and the Military Officers Association of Amer-ica. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 299, as amended, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 299, as amended, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. It has taken years of dedicated advocacy and bipar-tisanship to get us here today. I would especially like to recognize Ranking Member W
ALZ, who could not be here today but was a driving force behind this legislation. H.R. 299 is an important step toward rectifying a longstanding injustice for veterans who were made sick from ex-posure to Agent Orange in Vietnam more than 50 years ago. Passage of this legislation will ex-tend eligibility to 90,000 veterans who served in Vietnam and may have been exposed to this dangerous chemical. Some thought this day would never come for the blue water Navy veterans. Finding over $1 billion in the Federal budget is not an easy task. Many peo-ple even said it was impossible. I thank the chairman for sitting down with the veteran service organi-zations, working with staff, and agree-ing to find an alternative funding source to right this wrong. I am proud that this committee was able to, once again, reach a bipartisan agreement to move forward with legislation that does what is right for our Nation’s vet-erans. While there was disagreement about the pay-for in the past, the solution in this bill is fair. It does not cut benefits for one group of veterans to pay for the benefits of others. It requires all vet-erans, whether they served on Active Duty, in the Reserves, or as guardsmen and -women, to pay for the same VA home loan funding fee. With the move to an operational Re-serve, reservists and guardsmen and -women are deploying alongside Active Duty servicemembers into harm’s way. It is fair for VA to charge the same fee across the board. The funding fee al-lows the VA to continue guaranteeing home loans to current and future serv-icemembers and veterans. Disabled vet-erans are exempt from paying the fee. Now, we were able to do this by working together, and I want to thank Chairman ROEfor identifying the solu-tion. A special measure of credit must also go to the Vietnam Veterans of America for their steadfast advocacy for blue water veterans. Because of VVA’s efforts, it is my hope that never again will another group of veterans face the same problems that they did. I would also like to add that, before we take this historic vote, we must re-member toxic exposures continue to occur. Since 9/11, servicemembers have been exposed to burn pits and mefloquine, both of which are likely causing serious health complications. And we can’t forget our servicemem-bers who have been exposed to atomic radiation and those struggling with Gulf War illnesses. Not every exposure can be avoided, but their risks should be tracked, understood, and mitigated. The servicemember must receive time-ly healthcare and disability compensa-tion if exposure causes adverse health conditions and disease. We must build a system that proactively identifies, investigates, di-agnoses, treats, and heals toxic expo-sures, as well as one that also holds the Department of Defense accountable. My feeling is that, if we are using presumptions, it means that we are al-ready losing the battle. It means we haven’t documented who was exposed to what, so we are just going to assume that everyone was exposed. H.R. 299 makes other important re-forms, including adjusting the date of the presumption for veterans exposed to Agent Orange and in the Korean DMZ, so that those exposed during a period of testing become eligible. It di-rects the Secretary to reach out to vet-erans who have previously been denied to inform them of the new law and how to file a new claim. The bill also requires that VA use language that is easily understood. H.R. 299 also expands the presumption for Agent Orange exposure to children born with spina bifida to veteran par-ents exposed in Thailand. Lastly, the bill mandates that VA re-port to Congress within 180 days after enactment on the result of the epide-miological study conducted on Gulf War veterans who are suffering from Gulf War illness. I am proud that we are fixing this broken promise to the blue water vet-erans today; but there are many others in the making, and we need to address them as soon as possible. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the kind words from my friend Mr. TAKANO . We worked together closely on the committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ), the lead sponsor of this bill, who has doggedly pursued this. This issue has been a problem for decades. Finally, tonight, on the House side, we are going to come to a conclusion. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues in the House to support my legislation, H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Vet-erans Act. More than 6 decades ago, the United States deployed troops to Vietnam to fight communism and protect our na-tional security interests abroad. Over the course of 20 years, American troops fought side by side with Vietnamese forces. Tragically, more than 58,000 American soldiers lost their lives dur-ing the conflict. However, in the aftermath of the war, the United States government linked chemicals in Agent Orange, a powerful herbicide used by U.S. forces, to many harmful medical conditions affecting those who served in or around Vietnam. While the Federal Government has provided for those who have served on Vietnamese soil, those who have served in the territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam lack the compensation and treatment they deserve. Despite undeniable evidence that Agent Orange entered the South China Sea and contaminated shipboard sys-tems and countless studies that clearly show the connection between Agent Or-ange and higher rates of serious disease among shipboard veterans, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs continues to deny claims from the blue water Navy Vietnam veterans. The brave sailors who served in the Vietnam war were willing to pay the ultimate price for their country, and many did just that. Providing adequate medical care to those who survive when they return home is the least we can do to show our appreciation for their service. My bill, H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act, would re-store the presumption of service con-nection to the blue water Navy vet-erans, ensuring they receive proper treatment for the health conditions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.040 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5616 June 25, 2018 
they acquired in their service to our Nation. Since I was elected, I have fought to ensure our Nation’s veterans have proper medical care, which is why I first introduced this legislation. How-ever, passage of this bill today would not be possible without Mrs. Susie Belanger, who worked tirelessly to raise awareness of this issue; Chairman P
HILROEand the House Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee staff for their unwav-ering support; and the dedication of thousands of Americans who called their representatives, urging they co-sponsor this legislation. Every day, thousands of brave vet-erans who served in the Vietnam war fight the health effects of Agent Or-ange exposure. Many are in pain and suffering. It is far past time we pass this critical legislation and give them the comfort and care they deserve. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ), my good friend and colleague, who has been with this issue since four Congresses ago. He is the original, first Demo-cratic cosponsor on the current bill be-fore us. It is my honor to yield to him. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. T
AKANO for yielding and for his hard work on the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee to bring this impor-tant milestone for Vietnam veterans to the floor today. And I also want to thank Chairman R
OEfor the hard work that obviously went in in terms of the markup process, the negotiations with all the different members, and to make all the pieces fit together; and your colleague, the ranking member, Mr. W
ALZ, who, again, was a partner through that process; Mr. V
ALADAO , who is, again, the lead sponsor as well. Again, this is a real team effort. There were 330 cosponsors to this bill, which, frankly, there are not a lot of bills that you can really say that about. Obviously, there were some im-pediments that we had to sort of work our way through. This was good, hard work, real legislating, that brought this measure to the floor. As has been said, back in 2001 the VA ruled against a Navy veteran, Mr. Jon-athan Haas, who served on the ammu-nition ship USS Mount Katmai off the coast of Vietnam, in his attempt to get Agent Orange benefits using the pre-sumption that, again, extended to folks who served on the ground forces. Again, the foot-on-the-ground rule was used by the VA to deny Mr. Haas his claim; and, again, it has acted as an ob-stacle ever since. In the 112th Congress, a Blue Water Vietnam Veterans Act was introduced in 2011. Didn’t pass. In the 113th Con-gress, a similar bill was introduced, and it didn’t pass. Again, in the last Congress, the 114th, in 2015, we had an-other measure which was introduced and didn’t pass. Yes, we are here today, for the first time ever, to address this grave injus-tice—which uses a very arbitrary, tech-nical rule that defies common sense— and open a path for folks who served in the U.S. Navy, our sea forces, to make sure that they get equal treatment in terms of getting the care that they need and, frankly, that they have earned. If you look at some of the other countries that have dealt with this issue, like the Royal Navy of Australia, they have actually shown that folks who served in the Royal Australian Navy in Vietnam, one of our great al-lies during that conflict, actually had a higher incidence of cancer than folks who served in the land forces. So it is high time that we move for-ward with this measure, again, with all the grassroots support across the coun-try with all the VSOs. Paul Dillon, a retired master chief petty officer who served in the U.S. Navy, who is from Gales Ferry, Connecticut, is watching like a hawk this measure, as are many of his colleagues who served in that era. I think they are going to feel some measure of confidence that the system actually listened to the external pres-sure that has built up year in and year out since 2001 to restore justice in the VA system, to make sure that those who served on the seas are treated the same way as those who served on the ground in that conflict. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge passage of this measure and, again, congratu-late the hard work of those on the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), vice chair of the committee and one of the most ar-dent supporters of our Nation’s vet-erans. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 299, the blue water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. Mr. Speaker, this is really a great day in the United States Congress, Mr. Speaker, and a great day for our he-roes, our blue water Navy veterans. This important piece of legislation will enable blue water Navy veterans to re-ceive the compensation benefits they have earned and deserve. In 2002, the VA unjustly removed the disability eligibility to almost 100,000 veterans who served in the territorial seas of Vietnam during the Vietnam war. This bill restores the presumption of service connection for those suf-fering from diseases that have been linked to Agent Orange. Our Nation’s heroes have answered the call to protect the liberties we enjoy on a daily basis. Today it is our turn to answer the call and assist our veterans in return. I urge my col-leagues to support this very important bill. I want to thank Chairman R
OEand Representative V
ALADAO for leading the charge and not giving up. I know we didn’t agree on the pay-for initially. Chairman R
OEdid not give up. He worked tirelessly on behalf of our vet-erans. I appreciate it so very much. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to serve on this committee. Let’s pass this good bill and get it to the Senate. b1700 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ), one of the senior mem-bers of our Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee and an incredible support for our Nation’s heroes. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 299. American Samoa is home to a great many veterans, especially on a per cap-ita basis, as our people enlist at high rates in the U.S. Armed Forces. On their behalf, I am pleased to support the bipartisan Blue Water Navy Viet-nam Veterans Act, recognizing the re-alities faced by those veterans who served in the region’s waters. On a personal note, my older brother served in the U.S. Navy in the Gulf of Tonkin and other area waters during Vietnam. This legislation recognizes the nature of the service of these vet-erans who did their duty in wartime. This bill honors their mission and helps keep the commitments we owe our veterans. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ), chair-man of the Oversight and Investiga-tions Subcommittee and a Vietnam veteran. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. Mr. Speaker, I witnessed firsthand the scope of Agent Orange exposure ex-perienced by our servicemen and -women while in Vietnam. I am one of that group of veterans. Congress recognized the dangerous health consequences of exposure by passing the Agent Orange Act of 1991, which extended disability compensa-tion to veterans who served in Vietnam or its inland waterways between the years of 1962 and 1975. While the Agent Orange Act provided benefits for tens of thousands of Vietnam mainland vet-erans, it overlooked the blue water Navy veterans who served on the ships off of the coast. Those dedicated veterans served our country honorably and are now dealing with health problems due to Agent Or-ange exposure. This is why I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 299, which ex-tends the disability benefits to vet-erans who served in the blue water Navy in Vietnam. Mr. Speaker, veterans in Michigan’s First District have greatly sacrificed and earned these benefits, and I look forward to ensuring that their service is honored. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.042 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5617 June 25, 2018 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), a former member of our committee. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act, of which I am a proud cosponsor. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ) for his incredible leadership introducing this important legislation. This bill expands treatment coverage for those affected by Agent Orange to not only those who served on the ground, but to those servicemembers, who are known as blue water Navy vets, who were affected while serving our Nation at sea. In my home county of Suffolk, which has the highest concentration of vet-erans in the State of New York, hun-dreds of Vietnam veterans and their families will now be able to receive the benefits they have earned. These brave servicemembers have put their lives on the line for our great Nation, and they have earned nothing less than the high-est quality of care. Additionally, this legislation in-cludes my bill, the Flexible VA Loan Guarantee Act, which expands a vet-eran’s opportunity for homeownership by eliminating the loan limit the VA can guarantee. This is especially crit-ical in districts like mine, where the median home prices are higher. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OE for bringing this bill to the floor, and I urge all of my colleagues to support our Nation’s veterans by voting in favor of this commonsense legislation. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ), my good friend. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OEand Mr. V ALADAO  for their strong leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Viet-nam Veterans Act. Our Nation’s warfighters are told they will receive benefits and coverage through the VA because of their serv-ice, but reality shows this has not al-ways been the case, as with Agent Or-ange. This legislation would correct the issue by providing rightly earned benefits to men and women who were exposed to the herbicide Agent Orange during their time of service. Also included in the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act is language from my bipartisan bill, H.R. 4843, that provides coverage for children with spina bifida due to a parent’s exposure to Agent Orange. I thank Bill Rhodes, a veteran in my district, who has advocated tirelessly for his fellow veterans. I think it is pretty cut and dry: if you served Amer-ica through the Armed Forces and were exposed to Agent Orange, our grateful country should cover the medical ex-penses. Our veterans make great sacrifice, and they deserve the best benefits and care possible. The Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act is a great step toward providing these benefits, and I commend Chairman ROEand the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee for their work to make this legislation a reality for our veterans. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ), an Air Force career officer. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I am a co-sponsor on this bill, and I urge support for the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Vet-erans Act, H.R. 299. Our sailors, when they were off the coast of Vietnam, thought that they were safe from Agent Orange, but that water was sucked into the ships. It was used for shower water, used to wash their clothes, and our sailors were im-pacted by it. Now we know that not only them, but their children and grandchildren have also been impacted at times. So it is far time that we passed this bill and provide protections to our veterans who are now suffering the consequences of Agent Orange. Mr. Speaker, I thank the leadership of Chairman R
OEand Mr. V ALADAO for what they are doing here. This is the right thing to do. I have talked to so many sailors who have been impacted by this, and I know they will be relieved to have this bill passed. I thank them both, and I thank the minority side as well. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining on my side? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ). The gentleman from Cali-fornia has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to offer my reflections on the persistence of both Chairman R
OEand Ranking Member W
ALZ. I think it is a great injustice that Mr. W
ALZcould not be here today because I know how hard he worked with Chairman R
OEto find a pay-for. Let me say, also, for the folks back in my own district, in Riverside Coun-ty, Riverside County has the eighth or ninth largest absolute population of veterans in the Nation, depending on what year you are counting. But every year, we have an event known as West Coast Thunder of mostly Harley-David-son riders who ride from the Harley- Davidson shop to Riverside National Cemetery. Most of those riders are Vietnam veterans. I know back home in my district that the veterans sup-port committee is going to be thrilled that Congress came together on this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ), my good friend and fellow member of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the former chairman of the California State As-sembly Committee on Veterans Affairs. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. T
AKANO for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Mem-ber W
ALZ, Mr. V ALADAO , and, of course, Chairman R
OEfor their leadership on H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. This is a great example of how Democrats and Republicans come together to do what is right for our country, as well as our veterans. Since the Vietnam war, veterans have reported numerous health com-plications, including different forms of cancer related to the exposure to Agent Orange. While the Department of Veterans Affairs currently presumes that vet-erans who served on the ground in Vietnam or in the Vietnamese river system were exposed to Agent Orange, that presumption has not extended to the blue water Navy veterans, that is, those veterans who served off of the Vietnam coast. This bill, thank God, corrects that decades-long mistake and expands that presumption to those who served in the blue water Navy off of the Vietnam coast and ensures equal treatment for all of our veterans. Additionally, the bill expands the dates of presumption to those who served along the Korean Demilitarized Zone and authorizes benefits for chil-dren born with spina bifida due to a parent’s exposure to Agent Orange. This bill, Mr. Speaker, is long over-due, and the benefits will possibly change the lives of those veterans who served in the defense of our country and in the defense of freedom of those around the world. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 299. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers and am pre-pared to close, so I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I again want to thank Chairman R
OEfor bringing forth this very important legislation. I also want to acknowledge, again, the ranking member, T
IMWALZ, for work-ing so hard to bring this legislation to the floor. It was a long time coming. It was introduced four Congresses ago. I believe that this is a shining mo-ment for the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee and a shining moment for this Congress, for the people of this country to see us come together and do some-thing that has been long overdue for our Vietnam veterans, often who were not welcomed home in the way that they should have been. This is a small gesture of what we can do to make amends for that lack of a proper wel-coming home. This is a very proud mo-ment for me. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 299, as amend-ed, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.044 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5618 June 25, 2018 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  letters of support for H.R. 299 from the 10 veterans service organizations I mentioned earlier. 
VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS 
OFTHEUNITED STATES , Kansas City, MO, May 7, 2018. Hon. J
OHNNY ISAKSON , Chairman, Senate Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, Washington, DC. Hon. D
AVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman, House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, Washington, DC. Hon. J
ONTESTER , Ranking Member, Senate Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. Hon. T
IMWALZ, Ranking Member, House Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMEN ISAKSON AND ROE, RANKING  M
EMBERS TESTER AND WALZ: On behalf of the men and women of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States (VFW) and its Auxiliary, we are proud to offer our support for H.R.299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2017, as amended, which would expand benefits for veterans who were exposed to toxic substances during their military service. The VFW strongly agrees with the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims that it is arbi-trary and capricious for veterans who have served aboard ships in the coastal waters of Vietnam to be denied presumptive benefits associated with Agent Orange exposure. For this reason, we support this legislation to end this injustice and ensure Blue Water Navy veterans receive the care and benefits they deserve. The VFW supports expansion of benefits for Korean DMZ veterans who suffer from diseases and illnesses directly linked to Agent Orange. While many of these veterans receive presumptive disability compensation for their service-connected disabilities, hun-dreds of them are unjustly required to prove individual exposure. This legislation would provide them the benefits they have been un-justly denied. This legislation would also expand cov-erage for those children suffering from spina bifida because of their parents’ exposure to Agent Orange while serving in Thailand dur-ing the Vietnam War. This expansion makes equal the level of benefits that other chil-dren receive if they have parents who were exposed to Agent Orange. The VFW also supports the reporting and outreach requirements in this legislation. Research related to Gulf War Illness is vital to ensuring veterans receive the care and benefits they have earned as a result of ill-nesses and injuries caused by their service. The outreach and reporting components re-lated to the Blue Water Navy portion of this bill would ensure veterans receive the retro-active payments they have earned and allow Congress to oversee proper implementation of the legislation. We must never again allow these veterans to have their earned benefits taken away. Ensuring equality between the active, Guard, and Reserve components of the mili-tary is a key goal of the VFW. For the past decade and a half, our country has been send-ing National Guardsmen and Reservists into harm’s way at an unprecedented level, and some of them have been wounded in the line of duty. The VFW is pleased that H.R. 299, as amended, will end arbitrary differences in home loan fees and show that service in uni-form earns equal opportunity to be a home-owner. We applaud the efforts that you and your staff have made to ensure veterans receive the benefits they have earned and deserve. The VFW has been a longtime advocate for the expansion of these benefits and we join you in celebrating this legislative victory which equalizes benefits for those who have worn our nation’s uniform. We look forward to an expeditious process that will lead to this legislation’s passage into law as soon as possible. Sincerely, CARLOS U. F UENTES , Director, VFW National Legislative Service. 
MILITARY OFFICERS ASSOCIATION  
OFAMERICA , Alexandria, VA, May 7, 2018. Hon. P
HILROE, Chairman, House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, Washington, DC. Hon. T
IMWALZ, Ranking Member, House Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROE AND RANKING MEMBER  W
ALZ: On behalf of the over 350,000 members of the Military Officers Association of Amer-ica, I am writing to you about H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act, and the ‘‘discussion draft’’ that I understand will be introduced imminently. MOAA appre-ciates the open dialogue you have both main-tained in the process of formulating this so-lution to a decades old injustice to our Viet-nam veterans. MOAA has always supported restoring the presumption of herbicide exposure to Blue Water Navy Veterans. MOAA further sup-ports the extension of the presumption to veterans who served on the Korean DMZ from September 1, 1967, to August 31, 1971, as well as benefits to children born with spina bifida of veterans who served in Thailand during the Vietnam conflict. I was disappointed with the understanding the ‘‘pay for’’ of this disability benefit was raising VA home loan fees. This resource op-tion places the financial burden solely on that 1% of the U.S. population who served their nation in time of conflict and relieves the remaining 99% of our nation’s population of bearing any financial responsibility or li-ability. In short, those who sacrificed will continue to sacrifice and subsidize a solution to resolve the toxic exposure of veterans who provided our nation’s security and defense. I am, however, grateful that you have in-cluded a provision that MOAA proposed to use a portion of these funds towards a report on a follow-up study on certain Gulf War ill-nesses. I also sincerely appreciate your com-mitment to address additional toxic expo-sures impacting our veterans in the upcom-ing terms of Congress. For those reasons, MOAA supports H.R. 299 with the proposed amendments discussed above. Sincerely, L
TGENDANAT. A TKINS , USAF (Ret), President and CEO. 
VIETNAM VETERANS OF AMERICA , Silver Spring, MD, April 20, 2018. Hon. P
HILROE, Chairman, House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. T
IMWALZ, Ranking Member, House Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, Washington, DC. D
EARDR. ROE AND CONGRESSMAN WALZ: On behalf of the members, officers, and Board of Directors of Vietnam Veterans of America, we are writing to you to again voice our sup-port for H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Viet-nam Veterans Act. This legislation would re-store presumptive coverage for service-con-nected ills that afflict several thousand naval personnel who served in the Vietnam theatre of operations—coverage that the De-partment of Veterans Affairs abruptly ended in March 2002. During the Vietnam War, some 20 million gallons of ‘‘Agent Orange’’ and other toxic substances was sprayed to remove jungle fo-liage around fire bases and to deny the enemy the ability to grow or harvest crops. As you know, toxic chemicals in these herbi-cides have been linked to several afflictions, including non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, various cancers, Type II diabetes, and Parkinson’s disease. The Agent Orange Act of 1991 em-powered the VA Secretary to declare certain illnesses presumptive to exposure to Agent Orange, enabling veterans who served in Southeast Asia to receive health care and disability compensation for these afflictions. In March 2002, however, the VA ceased awarding benefits to so-called blue water veterans, limiting those eligible only to ‘‘boots on the ground’’ in-country vets. There was no scientific basis for this move by the VA, nor any involvement of real sci-entists in this money driven bureaucratic de-cision. It is time that this wrong done to Blue Water veterans of Vietnam, and their families be set right. The Institute of Medi-cine (IOM) firmly established the biological plausibility for the exposure of these faith-fully serving sailors. The addition of those who served on the DMZ in Korea at any time corrects another injustice of the VA bureaucratic decision- making that also had no basis in fact. After the spraying of the herbicides in heavy doses along this limited area, nothing was ever done to clean up the soil or the groundwater, so that all who served later were exposed, and therefore should be eligible for benefits and health care as well. Blue water veterans suffering with any of the presumptive service-connected maladies that the VA acknowledges to be associated with exposure to Agent Orange ought not be excluded from receiving healthcare services and disability compensation for which their boots-on-the-ground brother and sister vet-erans are eligible. They, too, served honor-ably and well, and Congressman Valadao’s bill, once it is enacted into law, will accord them benefits that they have earned. All of us at Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) are grateful for your bipartisan lead-ership to find an offset, and to at last correct the injustice to these veterans and their families. Respectfully, JOHNROWAN , National President/CEO. 
PARALYZED VETERANS OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, April 20, 2018. Hon. P
HILROE, Chairman, House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROE: On behalf of Para-lyzed Veterans of America (PVA), I am writ-ing to express our support for the House Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee’s efforts to amend title 38, United States Code to extend pre-sumption of exposures to herbicides con-taining dioxin, including Agent Orange, to veterans who served in ‘‘blue water’’ areas. Before 1997, Vietnam Veterans were eligi-ble for a presumption of exposure to Agent Orange and other herbicides if ‘‘during active military, naval or air service they had served in the Republic of Vietnam’’ unless there was evidence they had not been exposed to Agent Orange. This policy was later amended so that service on the ground in Vietnam and service in inland waterways ‘‘brown water’’ was required to receive a presumption of ex-posure. PVA applauds you for making the nec-essary amendments to include veterans who had served in ‘‘blue water’’ areas. Respectfully, C
ARLBLAKE , Executive Director. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.045 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5619 June 25, 2018 
MILITARY ORDER OF THE  P
URPLE HEART , Springfield, VA, April 20, 2018. Hon. D
AVID P. R OE, Chairman, House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROE: On behalf of the Mili-tary Order of the Purple Heart (MOPH), whose membership is comprised entirely of combat wounded veterans, I am pleased to offer our support for your draft legislation to extend presumptive service connection for diseases associated with exposure to Agent Orange to Vietnam veterans of the Blue Water Navy, and veterans who served m the Korean demilitarized zone (DMZ) from Sep-tember 1, 1967 to August 31, 1971. Under the Agent Orange Act of 1991, Con-gress established presumptive service con-nection for Vietnam veterans suffering from illnesses associated with exposure to herbi-cides. Since 2002, however, the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) has chosen to inter-pret that law to exclude veterans who served on ships off the coast of Vietnam, commonly known as Blue Water Navy veterans. Like you, MOPH recognizes that Blue Water Navy veterans have always suffered from illnesses associated with Agent Orange exposure at high rates, and this decision by VA rep-resents an injustice that should be corrected immediately. MOPH also supports the provision of your bill that would extend the same presumptive service connection to veterans who served on the Korean DMZ from September 1, 1967 to August 31, 1971, as they were similarly ex-posed to Agent Orange while performing their duties. MOPH thanks you for your leadership on this issue, and your continued commitment to veterans and their families. We look for-ward to working with you to ensure the pas-sage of this important legislation. Respectfully, N
EILVANESS, National Commander. 
MILITARY —VETERANS ADVOCACY , INC., Slidell, Louisiana, April 20, 2018. Re Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. Hon. P
HILROE, Chairman, House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : As you know, Mili-tary—Veterans Advocacy has consistently supported legislation to correct the plight of the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans. In 2002. the VA Secretary implemented a policy that divested these veterans of the presump-tion of Agent Orange exposure. H.R. 299 is the current version of the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act which will partially restore this presumption. This bill is widely supported by the veterans community and has 329 co-sponsors in the House. I appreciate the fact that you held a Legis-lative Hearing on the bill in April of 2017 and attempted a mark-up this past November. I also understand the constraints of the Pay As You Go Act of 2010 which requires an off-set Military—Veterans Advocacy’s position is that we will support any offset required to correct this injustice. I know that your Com-mittee staff has been working tirelessly to craft an offset acceptable to all parties and I assure you that we appreciate and thank them and you for this hard work. Our understanding is that H.R. 299 will be scheduled for another mark-up hearing on April 26th. Please feel free to represent to the Committee that the bill, and its discus-sion draft, have the complete support of Military—Veterans Advocacy and the vet-erans we represent. I have been informed of the planned offset and I believe it is an equi-table avenue for financing this bill. It is imperative that H.R. 299 become law. Blue Water Navy veterans are dying every day, often leaving their families destitute. This bill has been pending for seven years and we must restore the presumption to those who served in Vietnamese bays. har-bors and territorial seas. Again thank you for your effort on our be-half and I look forward to working with you on other toxic exposure issues in the future. Sincerely, JOHNB. W ELLS, Commander USN (Retired), Executive Director. 
DAV, N ATIONAL SERVICE & L
EGISLATIVE HEADQUARTERS , Washington, DC, April 20, 2018. Hon. D
R. PHILROE, Chairman, House Committee on Veterans Af-fairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROE: On behalf of DAV and our more than one million members, all of whom were injured or made ill during war-time service, I write to offer our support for approving legislation that would provide a presumption of service connection for ‘‘Blue Water’’ Navy veterans who served in the vi-cinity of the Republic of Vietnam as well as veterans exposed to Agent Orange near the Korean demilitarized zone (DMZ). The Agent Orange Act of 1991 required the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to pro-vide presumptive service connection to Viet-nam veterans with illnesses that the Na-tional Academy of Sciences directly linked to Agent Orange exposure. Yet, in 2002, the VA decided to cover only veterans who could prove that they had ‘‘boots on the ground’’ during the Vietnam War. Because of this de-cision, thousands of Vietnam veterans were excluded from receiving benefits although these ‘‘Blue Water’’ Navy veterans had sig-nificant Agent Orange exposure from drink-ing and bathing in contaminated water just offshore. It is simply inequitable that vet-erans who served on ships no more distant from the spraying of herbicides than many who served on land have been arbitrarily and unjustly denied benefits because they are ex-cluded from the presumption of service con-nection for herbicide-related disabilities. DAV strongly supports Section 1 (Clari-fication of Presumptions of Exposure for Veterans Who Served in Vicinity of Republic of Vietnam) of the discussion draft dated April 16, 2018, based on DAV Resolution No. 18, which calls for legislation to expressly provide that the phrase ‘‘served in the Re-public of Vietnam’’ include service in the territorial waters offshore. Enactment of this legislation would pro-vide ‘‘Blue Water’’ Navy Vietnam veterans the disability and health care benefits they earned as a result of exposure to Agent Or-ange. Eligibility for VA benefits under this legislation would be retroactive to Sep-tember 25, 1985, the date VA began providing disability compensation to veterans with medical disorders related to Agent Orange providing long overdue justice to thousands of veterans who were excluded by the VA in 2002. In accordance with DAV Resolution No. 25, we also support Section 2 of this discussion draft, to recognize September 1, 1967 as the earliest date for exposure to herbicides on the Korean DMZ. This change will provide veterans greater equity with respect to her-bicide exposure and the presumptive diseases associated therein. Currently, VA regulations provide that any veteran who, during active military, naval, or air service, served between April 1, 1968, and August 31, 1971, in a unit that, as determined by the Department of Defense, operated in or near the Korean DMZ in an area in which herbicides are known to have been applied during that period, shall be pre-sumed to have been exposed during such service to an herbicide agent. Section 2 would define the exposure to herbicides as a veteran who, during active military, naval, or air service, served in or near the Korean demilitarized zone (DMZ), during the period beginning on September 1, 1967, and ending on August 31, 1971. DAV does not have a resolution specific to Section 3 (Loans Guaranteed Under Home Loan Programs of Department of Veterans Affairs) or Section 4 (Information Gathering for Department of Veterans Affairs Home Loan Appraisals) and takes no position on these sections. Chairman Roe, thank you for introducing and moving this important legislation and for your continued efforts to support our na-tion’s veterans disabled in their service. Respectfully, G ARRY J. A UGUSTINE , Executive Director, Washington Headquarters. 
BLUEWATER NAVYVIETNAM  V
ETERANS ASSOCIATION , April 20, 2018. D
R. PHILROE, Chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROE: On behalf of the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Association (BWN), we plead with the United States Con-gress to allow the proposed pay for to be used in supporting the passage of the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2017, which is the sole purpose of our existence as an Association. This has been our top pri-ority, and we have worked hard to ensure that our Navy Veterans and Shipmates re-ceive the benefits that they rightly deserve for their sacrifices to our nation. Veteran and Military Service Organiza-tions across this country should be running to the opportunity to stand for us, consid-ering we have stood for them for more than 50 years. While we were proud to stand with them when the original Agent Orange Act was passed in 1991, in 2002 when our benefits were stripped from us, we had to go on a 16– year campaign to get many of them to be on our side again. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) has failed our nation’s Veterans on this issue, and it is now up to Congress to provide the requisite medical coverage by passing this legislation. If there is every any doubt why a group of service members are all com-ing down with, and dying from the same ill-nesses, then the Department of Veterans Af-fairs should have a duty to assist them re-gardless of the cost. Many of our Shipmates have died waiting for the day their benefits would be restored, and so have their widows. As we approach the final passage of this leg-islation on Memorial Day, we send our thoughts and prayers to our fallen Ship-mates and their loved ones! We ask that you strongly encourage your colleagues to vote for this legislation once it is brought to the floor for a vote. We applaud you and your staff who are actively fighting for a group of Veterans that has long been abandoned by the VA and deprived of much needed medical care, we can’t thank these saintly people enough. Thank you for taking an active role in such an important issue to the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans community by working to improve the lives of our remain-ing 90,000 Sailors who served our great na-tion. Very Respectfully, M
IKEYATES , National Commander. M
ICHAEL J. L ITTLE , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.023 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5620 June 25, 2018 
National Executive Di-rector. 
FLEET RESERVE ASSOCIATION , April 19, 2018. Hon. P
HILROE, Chairman, House Veterans Affairs Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROE: The Fleet Reserve Association (FRA) supports the ‘‘Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act’’ (H.R. 299) that would clarify a presumption for filing dis-ability claims with the Department of Vet-erans Affairs (VA) for ailments associated with exposure to the Agent Orange herbicide during the Vietnam War. FRA believes Con-gress should recognize that so-called ‘‘Blue water’’ veterans were exposed to Agent Or-ange herbicide and authorize presumptive status for VA disability claims associated with this exposure. We understand that the bill will be amend-ed to provide for a fee on VA home loan mortgages to cover the estimated cost for providing the presumption for the ‘‘Blue Water’’ veterans, and this fee will not apply to any veteran with a disability rating. The Association appreciates your strong leadership on this issue. FRA stands ready to provide assistance in advancing this legisla-tion. Sincerely. T
HOMAS J. S NEE, National Executive Director. 
THEAMERICAN LEGION , June 22, 2018. Hon. D
AVID VALADAO , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE VALADAO : On behalf of the 2 million members of The American Legion, we heartily support the provisions of H.R. 299, legislation to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. This legislation, as written, includes as part of the Republic of Vietnam its terri-torial seas for purposes of the presumption of service connection for diseases associated with exposure by veterans to certain herbi-cide agents while in Vietnam. It also in-cludes American servicemen who served in the Korean demilitarized zone (DMZ) be-tween September 1, 1967 and August 31, 1971. The American Legion strongly supports legislation to expand the presumption of Agent Orange exposure to any military per-sonnel who served on any vessel during the Vietnam War that came within 12 nautical miles of the coastlines of Vietnam, as well as in the Korean DMZ between 1967 and 1971. Our organization feels that our nation’s de-fenders should receive the full benefits to which they are entitled. Through Resolution No. 35, Agent Orange, passed at the 2016 National Convention, The American Legion supports legislation ‘‘to amend title 38, United States Code, section 1116, to provide entitlement to these pre-sumptions for those veterans who were ex-posed to Agent Orange while serving in areas other than the Republic of Vietnam where Agent Orange was tested, sprayed, or stored.’’ Thank you again for your continued com-mitment to the men and women in uniform and the nation’s veterans and for your lead-ership on this important issue. Sincerely, D
ENISE ROHAN , National Commander, The American Legion. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, the VA estimates that there are 6.6 million living Vietnam-era veterans; there are 58,220 who died in that war; and there only will be about 4.4 million remaining in just 10 short years. That means we will lose 2.2 million Viet-nam-era veterans in the next 10 years, which is an average of about 523 Viet-nam-era veterans per day. We must now act because, if we don’t, blue water Navy veterans may not be around to receive the benefits they and their loved ones have been waiting on for so long. We owe it to the brave men and women veterans who served offshore during the Vietnam era to cease waiting on perfect science and provide compensation benefits for con-ditions they may have developed be-cause of exposure to Agent Orange. I am not the only one who believes this. H.R. 299 has broad bipartisan sup-port: 330 cosponsors. I think I can speak for all of us when I say that H.R. 299, as amended, does the right thing for our blue water Navy veterans. Mr. Speaker, this is personal for our Vietnam-era veterans like myself. I served and walked the territory not long after in Korea, over 40 years ago. We have done great work on the com-mittee: We passed an accountability bill this year, a way to speed up dis-ability claims. The Forever GI Bill funded the Veterans Choice Program. We just passed the VA MISSION Act, just a few of the things that our com-mittee in a bipartisan way, has done. But there is a little inconvenience out there that we have 90,000 blue water Navy veterans who are being left behind—not after today. Mr. Speaker, I thank the other side of the aisle. We worked hand in hand. And I thank the staffs—I don’t think they get enough credit—for the hard work that the staffs do behind the scenes. When we seem to find a blind alley and can’t get to a conclusion, they continue to work in a bipartisan way to find a way to get to yes. I also thank all of the outside groups that kept this issue in front of us for decades. When I got the chairmanship a year and a half ago, I said one of the things that I will base my chairmanship on is if we can get this solved and do the right thing for our blue water Navy veterans. Today, we are going to do the right thing in this House and send it to the Senate, where they will do the right thing. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 299, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 299, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 15 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 299, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 5783, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
BLUE WATER NAVY VIETNAM VETERANS ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 299) to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain vet-erans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 382, nays 0, not voting 45, as follows: 
[Roll No. 289] YEAS—382 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.024 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5621 June 25, 2018 
Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—45 
Black Blackburn Brady (PA) Carbajal Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Cuellar Cummings Curtis DeGette Delaney DeSantis Doggett Donovan Ellison Engel Gomez Gowdy Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam Lujan Grisham, M. Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Meeks Moore O’Rourke Payne Pearce Pocan Polis Rice (SC) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Ross Ruppersberger Rush Scott (VA) Scott, David Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sires Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz Wilson (SC) 
b1853 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 289. 
f 
COOPERATE WITH LAW ENFORCE-MENT AGENCIES AND WATCH ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5783) to provide a safe harbor for financial institutions that maintain a customer account at the request of a Federal or State law enforcement agency, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 379, nays 4, not voting 44, as follows: 
[Roll No. 290] YEAS—379 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.018 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5622 June 25, 2018 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—4 
Amash Garrett Griffith Massie 
NOT VOTING—44 
Black Blackburn Brady (PA) Carbajal Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Cummings Curtis DeGette Delaney DeSantis Doggett Donovan Ellison Engel Gomez Gowdy Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam Knight Lujan Grisham, M. Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Meeks Moore O’Rourke Payne Pearce Pocan Polis Rice (SC) Rosen Ross Ruppersberger Rush Scott (VA) Scott, David Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sires Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz Wilson (SC) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1902 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6157, DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 2083, EN-DANGERED SALMON AND FISH-ERIES PREDATION PREVENTION ACT Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–783) on the resolution (H. Res. 961) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2083) to amend the Marine Mam-mal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted spe-cies, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
MAKING TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO CERTAIN MARINE FISH CON-SERVATION STATUTES Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4528) to make technical amendments to certain marine fish conservation statutes, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4528 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. BILLFISH CONSERVATION ACT OF 2012. 
Section 4(c)(1) of the Billfish Conservation Act of 2012 (16 U.S.C. 1827a(c)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and retained’’ after ‘‘landed’’. 
SEC. 2. SHARK CONSERVATION ACT OF 2010. 
The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to amend the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Pro-tection Act and the Magnuson-Stevens Fish-ery Conservation and Management Act to improve the conservation of sharks’’, ap-proved January 4, 2011 (Public Law 111–348; 124 Stat. 3668), is amended— (1) by striking section 104 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 104. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘Nothing in this title or the amendments made by this title shall be construed as af-fecting, altering, or diminishing in any way the authority of the Secretary of Commerce to establish such conservation and manage-ment measures as the Secretary considers necessary and appropriate under sections 302(a)(3) and 304(g) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852(a)(3), 1854(g)).’’; and (2) in section 1, by striking the item relat-ing to section 104 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 104. Rule of construction.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Today, we are considering an amend-ment to the Billfish Conservation Act that was passed in 2012. Unfortunately, when it was passed, there was a loop-hole in the bill. What this bill today does is close that loophole, preserving the original congressional intent, while also preserving traditional markups in Hawaii, as well as in our Pacific terri-tories. It is supported by everybody and their third cousin. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a 2-page letter of support from a broad coalition of sportsmen’s groups, manu-facturing associations, and conserva-tion groups, plus a full list of the sup-porting organizations for this bill. 
DECEMBER 19, 2017. The Hon. R
OBBISHOP  Chairman, House Committee on Natural Re-sources, Washington, DC. Hon. R
AU´LGRIJALVA  Ranking Member, House Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. Dear C
HAIRMAN BISHOP AND RANKING MEM-
BER GRIJALVA : we strongly urge the House Natural Resources Committee to imme-diately consider and pass out of committee S. 396, a bill to make a technical amendment to the Billfish Conservation Act of 2012 (P. L. 112–183). The Senate passed S. 396 by unani-mous consent on October 2, 2017, receiving no objections or holds during the process to hot-line and clear the bill. Considering such bi-partisan support in the Senate for this im-portant conservation legislation for Pacific billfish, it is our sincere request that the House Natural Resources Committee clear this bill as soon as possible and have the bill move out of the House under suspension. S. 396 provides a technical amendment to the Billfish Conservation Act (BCA) to clar-ify a slight ambiguity related to the treat-ment of covered Pacific billfish under the law. The BCA was passed by both the House and Senate with broad bipartisan support on October 5, 2012. The legislation was a rare event in Congress where Members on both sides of the aisle saw the wisdom of passing a bill that would put in place a critical pro-hibition on the sale of billfish in the conti-nental U.S. The law was intended to put similar prohibitions on the sale of Pacific billfish as those for Atlantic billfish, effec-tively eliminating an estimated 30,000 bill-fish being imported to the U.S. each year from the Pacific. However, over five years since passage of the BCA, the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) failed to issue regulations to properly implement the law. Failure by NMFS to issue regulations to implement the BCA is effectively undermining the con-servation goals of the law and creating un-certainty, where there should be none, on whether Pacific billfish can be sold in the continental U.S. The House passage of S. 396 would eliminate this ambiguity. The legislative history in both the House and Senate is extremely clear that the BCA was written to allow traditional, cultural fishing and markets for billfish in Hawaii and the Pacific Insular Area, but otherwise eliminated the market for billfish in the re-mainder of the U.S. House passage of S. 396 would make this absolutely clear and would immediately put into force the critical con-servation requirements of the BCA. The Billfish Conservation Act of 2012 was a great conservation win for saltwater anglers. We request you pass S. 396 out of committee to further solidify this victory for preserving Pacific billfish. Sincerely, Mike Nussman, President & CEO, Amer-ican Sportfishing Association; Jeff An-gers, President, Center for Sportfishing Policy; Patrick Murray, President, Coastal Conservation; Jeff Crane, President, Congressional Sportsmen’s Foundation; Guy Harvey, President, Guy Harvey Ocean Foundation; Nehl Horton, President, International Game Fish Association; Thom Dammrich, President, National Marine Manufac-turers Association; Ellen Peel, Presi-dent, The Billfish Foundation. International Game Fish Association; Greenpeace; Wild Oceans; Nature Abounds; The Pew Charitable Trusts; Oceana; Blue Ocean Institute; Sierra Club; Center for Bio-logical Diversity; Turttle Island Restoration Network; Endangered Species Coalition; Wider Caribbean Sea Turtle Conservation Network; Friends of Earth; WildAid; Mobile Bay Audubon Scoety; BlueVoice.org; Cape Coral Friends of Wildlife; Ocean Conserva-tion Research; Citrus County Audubon Soci-ety; Ocean Futures Society. Coastal Wildlife Club; WILDCOAST; Duval Audubon Society; E.O. Wison Biophilia Cen-ter; Deleware Nature Society; Sierra Club, Delaware Chapter; Eltrose Farms; Alachua Audubon Society; Big Bend Coastal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.027 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5623 June 25, 2018 
Conservency; Biscayne Bay Waterkeeper; Florida Billfish, Inc.; Florida Wildlife Fed-eration; Four Rivers Audubon; Friends of Gumbo Limbo; Halifax River Audubon Soci-ety; Highlands County Audubon Society; Just-in-Time Charters; Loxahatchee Group Sierra Club; Mean Tide Media, LLC; North Swell Media & Consulting. Oklawaha Valley Audubon Society; Peace River Audubon Society; Rescue Earth; Save- A-Turtle; Sea to Shore Alliance; Shark Whis-perer; Space Coast Audubon Society; Space Coast Kayaking; Wild Florida Adventures; Georgia Conservancy; Interfaith Council for the Protection of Animals & Nature; Con-servation Council for Hawai‘i; Marine Con-servation Science Institute; Sierra Club Ha-waii Chapter; Gulf Restoration Network; Downeasy Audubon; Midshore Riverkeeper Conservancy; Berkshire Environmental Ac-tion Team; Cape Cod Bay Watch; New Eng-land Coastal Wildlife Alliance. Sustainable Plymouth; SandyHook SeaLife Foundation; HerpDigest; New York Turtle and Tortoise Society; Shark Angels; Charlotte Saltwater Sport Fishing Club; North Carolina Wildlife Federation; OCEAN Magazine; PenderWatch & Conservancy; Green Alliance; Coastal Conservation League; Vermonters for Sustainable Popu-lation; American Sportfishing Association; Center for Sportfishing Policy; Coastal Con-servation Association; Congressional Sports-men’s Foundation; Guy Harvey Ocean Foun-dation; Internationl Game Fish Association; National Marine Manufacturers Association; The Billfish Foundation. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill, H.R. 4528, a bill to make technical changes to certain ma-rine fish conservation statutes. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
ISHOP —and, Mr. Speaker, I did ask my third cousin; he is in support, too—as well as Ranking Member G
RIJALVA for all of their collaboration and support on this important bill. H.R. 4528 makes technical amend-ments to two marine fish conservation statutes, the Billfish Conservation Act of 2012 and the Shark Conservation Act of 2010. First, the bill amends the Billfish Conservation Act of 2012. It clarifies that the exemption from marlin and billfish fishing in Hawaii and Pacific insular areas, as is tradition, can only be sold locally. More specifically, it clarifies these fish cannot be sold to the other 49 States. This strikes a bal-ance between preserving traditional cultural fishing in these areas and the overall intent to prevent large-scale commercial fishing of these billfish. Second, it clarifies that, under the Shark Conservation Act of 2010, there is no language in the Shark Conserva-tion Act that alters existing authority of the Secretary of Commerce to man-age Atlantic highly migratory species under the Magnuson-Stevens Act. It also cleans up language in the Shark Conservation Act by removing an ex-pired offset. The main goal of this is to ensure protection against shark finning. H.R. 4528 will fix confusion within the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration to allow rulemaking to go forward for the Atlantic smooth dogfish, a type of shark. This bill has support from both the sportsmen-anglers communities and conservation groups. Again, I thank the Natural Resources Committee Chairman BISHOP and Ranking Member G
RIJALVA for working with me on this. Without their support, this legislation would not be on the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues in the Chamber to support H.R. 4528, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, it is a good bill. I urge its support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House sus-pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4528. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 10 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1913 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) at 7 o’clock and 13 minutes p.m. 
f 
ENHANCING SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY REPORTING INITIATIVE ACT Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5094) to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to im-prove suspicious activity reporting to prevent acts of terrorism, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5094 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Enhancing Suspicious Activity Reporting Initiative Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ENHANCING DEPARTMENT OF HOME-LAND SECURITY SUSPICIOUS ACTIV-ITY REPORTING OPERATIONS. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with other appropriate Federal officials, shall develop a strategy to improve the operations and activities of the Department of Homeland Security related to training, outreach, and information sharing for suspicious activity reporting to prevent acts of terrorism. (b) CONTENTS OF STRATEGY .—The strategy required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description and examples of the types of information that would meet the defini-tion of critical information for the purpose of suspicious activity reporting as well as in-formation, including information associated with racial, religious or national origin, that would not meet the definition of critical in-formation. (2) Training for appropriate personnel of State and major urban area fusion centers, emergency response providers, and, as appro-priate, the private sector on— (A) methods for identifying, analyzing, and disseminating critical information, includ-ing the indicators of terrorism; (B) methods to protect privacy and civil liberties, including preventing racial, reli-gious, or national origin discrimination; and (C) response protocols for submitting sus-picious activity reports. (3) Methods to improve outreach to appro-priate State and major urban area fusion centers, emergency response providers, and the private sector related to suspicious ac-tivity reporting to prevent acts of terrorism. (4) A plan to ensure that critical informa-tion is shared in a timely manner with State and major urban area fusion centers, emer-gency response providers, and the private sector, as appropriate, including nationwide trend analysis and other information related to terrorist threats. (5) Methods to measure the effectiveness of the activities conducted under the strategy with respect to improving the operations and activities of the Department related to training, outreach, and information sharing to prevent acts of terrorism that have been validated through peer-reviewed empirical studies to the extent practicable. (c) W
ORKING GROUP RECOMMENDATIONS .—In developing the strategy required under sub-section (a) the Secretary shall take into con-sideration the recommendations of the work-ing group established under section 3. (d) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not less than 30 days before the release of the strat-egy required pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a notification of the release of the strategy and a copy of the strategy. Such notification shall include the recommenda-tions provided by the working group estab-lished under section 3 and how such rec-ommendations were incorporated into the strategy. 
SEC. 3. SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY REPORTING WORK-ING GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall establish a working group on suspicious activity reporting. (2) D
EPARTMENT LIAISONS .—The Secretary shall appoint as liaisons to the working group— (A) the Chief Privacy Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; (B) the Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department; and (C) such other officials of the Department as the Secretary determines appropriate. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group established under subsection (a) shall carry out the following responsibilities: (1) Provide advice to the Secretary regard-ing improvements to the operations and ac-tivities related to suspicious activity report-ing to prevent acts of terrorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.030 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5624 June 25, 2018 
(2) At the request of the Secretary, for pur-poses of section 2(c), develop recommenda-tions to improve suspicious activity report-ing to prevent acts of terrorism with respect to— (A) outreach to relevant stakeholders; (B) information sharing; (C) protecting personally identifiable infor-mation; (D) protecting the privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties of individuals who report sus-picious activity and individuals who are the subjects of such reports; (E) preventing racial, religious, or national origin discrimination; (F) training for emergency response pro-viders and the private sector; and (G) other matters, as determined by the Secretary. (c) W
ORKING GROUP MEMBERSHIP .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall seek the voluntary participation of not more than 20 individuals representing at least 12 diverse regions of the United States to serve as members of the working group. Members of the working group shall serve without pay. The Secretary shall seek to ensure that the working group includes members who are representatives from each of the following: (1) State and major urban area fusion cen-ters. (2) State, local, tribal and territorial law enforcement agencies. (3) Firefighters. (4) Emergency medical services. (5) Private sector security professionals. (6) Nongovernmental privacy and civil lib-erty organizations. (7) Any other group the Secretary deter-mines appropriate. (d) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—Upon re-quest, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a briefing on the oper-ations and activities of the Department of Homeland Security related to training, out-reach, and information sharing for sus-picious activity reporting to prevent acts of terrorism, including copies of materials de-veloped under this section. (e) T
ERMINATION .—The working group under this section shall terminate on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, except that the Sec-retary may extend such working group if the Secretary determines necessary. (f) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Fed-eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group estab-lished under this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) and the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5094, the Enhancing Suspicious Activity Reporting Initiative Act. I have been a long-term proponent of the If You See Something, Say Some-thing campaign, which was begun in New York City in 2002 by the Metro-politan Transportation Authority. b1915 This program, along with the Sus-picious Activity Reporting initiative, SAR, helps Federal, State, and local law enforcement piece together some-times seemingly disparate pieces of in-formation to prevent, detect, and inter-dict terrorist threats to the homeland. During a recent subcommittee hear-ing on SARs, a witness from the New Jersey State Police explained that a SAR triggered a law enforcement in-vestigation where a copy of ‘‘Inspire’’ magazine was found in a residence, in particular, an article on how to con-struct a pressure cooker bomb. The suspect admitted to planning a major attack in New York City. This SAR was instrumental in thwarting a potential terrorist attack against our Nation. While the FBI reviews, nationwide, SARs for investigative leads, DHS largely manages the efforts to provide information and training to State and local law enforcement, fusion centers, and other emergency response pro-viders. H.R. 5094 strengthens this effort by requiring the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a strategy designed to improve the operations and activi-ties of the Nationwide Suspicious Ac-tivity Reporting Initiative, NSI. This includes training; outreach; in-formation sharing with key partners, including law enforcement officers, fu-sion centers, emergency response pro-viders, and the private sector. H.R. 5094 also empowers the Sec-retary to establish an NSI working group that includes representation from State and local stakeholders, the private sector, and privacy experts. The working group will provide ad-vice and recommendations to the Sec-retary on improvements to the SARs initiative. Additionally, the reporting requirement to Congress promotes transparency in these efforts and rig-orous oversight by my subcommittee and others. Last week, the Secretary of Home-land Security noted that DHS was in the midst of ‘‘refreshing’’ the SARs ini-tiative. While I am pleased to hear that DHS is moving to enhance ‘‘See Some-thing, Say Something’’ and SARs, the legislation before us today will ensure that the refresh is done strategically and includes input from the very stake-holders responsible for investigating and reporting SARs. Shortly after an attack or tragedy in our Nation, leaders of both parties urge our citizens to be vigilant during their commutes and in their neighborhoods, and to report suspicious activity to law enforcement. It is important to turn public statements of support into legis-lative action. This bill received strong bipartisan support in committee. The passage of this legislation will demonstrate Con-gress’ commitment to provide com-monsense legislation to help DHS con-tinue to provide important SARs train-ing and outreach. I would also like to emphasize that a Secret Service detailee to my sub-committee, Pete Murphy, was very in-strumental in working with other staff members in putting this legislation to-gether. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5094, the Enhancing Suspicious Activ-ity Reporting Initiative Act. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5094 would require the Department of Homeland Security to develop a strategy to improve the training, outreach, and information it provides on Suspicious Activity Re-porting to prevent acts of terrorism. Since the September 11 attacks, we have seen that sharing information re-garding suspicious activity can help local, State, and Federal law enforce-ment connect the dots about threats in the communities that they serve. While it is important that ordinary citizens say something when they see something that could be a threat to their community, we must recognize that there have been instances where there have been abuses. On occasion, we have seen allegations of suspicious activity made against individuals sole-ly based on biases regarding race, eth-nicity, or religion. H.R. 5094 seeks to prevent such dis-criminatory reporting by directing DHS to disseminate examples of re-porting that meet the guidelines for ac-tion. Further, it instructs DHS to out-line the types of suspicious activity re-porting, including reporting based on race, religion, and nationality, that is prohibited. More broadly, H.R. 5094 seeks to build numerous safeguards for privacy, civil liberties, and civil rights into the suspicious activity reporting regime. It requires the establishment of an outside working group to provide ad-vice to the DHS Secretary on matters such as outreach, information sharing, protecting personally identifiable in-formation, protecting privacy and civil rights, and training for emergency re-sponse providers and the private sec-tor. Additionally, H.R. 5094 enhances con-gressional oversight of privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties by requiring the department to furnish Congress with copies of the materials it dissemi-nates to stakeholders. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this security measure. Mr. Speaker, as the terrorist threats evolve, so too must our counterterror-ism efforts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.031 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5625 June 25, 2018 
Since the September 11 attacks, we have seen that raising public awareness about reporting suspicious activity can be effective at detecting, deterring, and combating terrorism in the homeland. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 5094 to ensure that DHS strategi-cally engages stakeholders to improve suspicious activity reporting. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank my colleague, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , for his bipartisan sup-port on this legislation, as in so many other pieces of bipartisan legislation, and for the outstanding work he does on the subcommittee and the com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5094, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECU-RITY AND TECHNOLOGY AC-COUNTABILITY ACT OF 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5081) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish within the Transportation Security Adminis-tration the Surface Transportation Se-curity Advisory Committee, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5081 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Surface Transportation Security and Technology Ac-countability Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XVI of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 561 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subtitle: ‘‘Subtitle C—Surface Transportation Security 
‘‘SEC. 1621. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECU-RITY ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion (referred to in this section as the ‘Ad-ministrator’) shall establish within the Transportation Security Administration the Surface Transportation Security Advisory Committee (referred to in this section as the ‘Advisory Committee’). ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Adminis-trator on surface transportation security matters, including the development, refine-ment, and implementation of policies, pro-grams, initiatives, rulemakings, and security directives pertaining to surface transpor-tation security. ‘‘(2) RISK-BASED SECURITY .—The Advisory Committee shall consider risk-based security approaches in the performance of its duties. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) C
OMPOSITION .—The Advisory Com-mittee shall be composed of— ‘‘(A) voting members appointed by the Ad-ministrator under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(B) nonvoting members, serving in an ad-visory capacity, who shall be designated by— ‘‘(i) the Transportation Security Adminis-tration; ‘‘(ii) the Department of Transportation; and ‘‘(iii) such other Federal department or agency as the Administrator considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Administrator shall appoint voting members from among stakeholders representing each mode of sur-face transportation, such as passenger rail, freight rail, mass transit, pipelines, high-ways, over-the-road bus, and trucking, in-cluding representatives from— ‘‘(A) associations representing such modes of surface transportation; ‘‘(B) labor organizations representing such modes of surface transportation; ‘‘(C) groups representing the users of such modes of surface transportation, including asset manufacturers, as appropriate; ‘‘(D) relevant law enforcement, first re-sponders, and security experts; and ‘‘(E) such other groups as the Adminis-trator considers appropriate. ‘‘(3) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Advisory Com-mittee shall select a chairperson from among its voting members. ‘‘(4) T
ERM OF OFFICE .— ‘‘(A) T
ERMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each voting member of the Advisory Committee shall be two years, but a voting member may con-tinue to serve until the Administrator ap-points a successor. ‘‘(ii) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—A voting member of the Advisory Committee may be re-appointed. ‘‘(B) R
EMOVAL .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may review the participation of a member of the Advisory Committee and remove such mem-ber for cause at any time. ‘‘(ii) A
CCESS TO CERTAIN INFORMATION .—The Administrator may remove any member of the Advisory Committee who the Adminis-trator determines should be restricted from reviewing, discussing, or possessing classi-fied information or sensitive security infor-mation. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION ON COMPENSATION .—The members of the Advisory Committee may not receive any compensation from the Gov-ernment by reason of their service on the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(6) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Com-mittee shall meet at least semiannually in person or through web conferencing, and may convene additional meetings as nec-essary. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .—At least one of the meetings of the Advisory Committee each year shall be— ‘‘(i) announced in the Federal Register; ‘‘(ii) announced on a public website; and ‘‘(iii) open to the public. ‘‘(C) A
TTENDANCE .—The Advisory Com-mittee shall maintain a record of the persons present at each meeting. ‘‘(D) M
INUTES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Unless otherwise prohib-ited by Federal law, minutes of the meetings of the Advisory Committee shall be pub-lished on the public website under subsection (e)(5). ‘‘(ii) PROTECTION OF CLASSIFIED AND SEN -
SITIVE INFORMATION .—The Advisory Com-mittee may redact or summarize, as nec-essary, minutes of the meetings to protect classified information or sensitive security information in accordance with law. ‘‘(7) V
OTING MEMBER ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED  
INFORMATION AND SENSITIVE SECURITY INFOR -
MATION .— ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINATIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which a voting mem-ber is appointed to the Advisory Committee but before such voting member may be granted any access to classified information or sensitive security information, the Ad-ministrator shall determine if such voting member should be restricted from reviewing, discussing, or possessing classified informa-tion or sensitive security information. ‘‘(B) A
CCESS .— ‘‘(i) S
ENSITIVE SECURITY INFORMATION .—If a voting member is not restricted from review-ing, discussing, or possessing sensitive secu-rity information under subparagraph (A) and voluntarily signs a nondisclosure agreement, such voting member may be granted access to sensitive security information that is rel-evant to such voting member’s service on the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(ii) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Access to classified materials shall be managed in ac-cordance with Executive Order No. 13526 of December 29, 2009 (75 Fed. Reg. 707), or any subsequent corresponding Executive order. ‘‘(C) P
ROTECTIONS .— ‘‘(i) S
ENSITIVE SECURITY INFORMATION .— Voting members shall protect sensitive secu-rity information in accordance with part 1520 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(ii) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Voting members shall protect classified information in accordance with the applicable require-ments for the particular level of classifica-tion of such information. ‘‘(8) J
OINT COMMITTEE MEETINGS .—The Ad- visory Committee may meet with one or more of the following advisory committees to discuss multimodal security issues and other security-related issues of common con-cern: ‘‘(A) Aviation Security Advisory Com-mittee, established under section 44946 of title 49, United States Code. ‘‘(B) Maritime Security Advisory Com-mittee, established under section 70112 of title 46, United States Code. ‘‘(C) Railroad Safety Advisory Committee, established by the Federal Railroad Admin-istration. ‘‘(9) S
UBJECT MATTER EXPERTS .—The Advi-sory Committee may request the assistance of subject matter experts with expertise re-lated to the jurisdiction of the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) P
ERIODIC REPORTS .—The Advisory Committee shall periodically submit to the Administrator reports on matters requested by the Administrator or by a majority of the members of the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(2) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(A) S
UBMISSION .—The Advisory Com-mittee shall submit to the Administrator and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate an annual report that provides information on the activities, find-ings, and recommendations of the Advisory Committee during the preceding year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.057 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5626 June 25, 2018 
‘‘(B) P UBLICATION .—Not later than six months after the date that the Adminis-trator receives an annual report under sub-paragraph (A), the Administrator shall pub-lish a public version of such report, in ac-cordance with section 552a(b) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATION RESPONSE .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Administrator shall consider the information, advice, and recommendations of the Advisory Com-mittee in formulating policies, programs, initiatives, rulemakings, and security direc-tives pertaining to surface transportation se-curity efforts. ‘‘(2) F
EEDBACK .—Not later than 90 days after the date that the Administrator re-ceives a recommendation from the Advisory Committee under subsection (d)(2), the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Advisory Committee written feedback on such rec-ommendation, including— ‘‘(A) if the Administrator agrees with such recommendation, a plan describing the ac-tions that the Administrator has taken, will take, or recommends that the head of an-other Federal department or agency take to implement such recommendation; or ‘‘(B) if the Administrator disagrees with such recommendation, a justification for such disagreement. ‘‘(3) N
OTICES .—Not later than 30 days after the date the Administrator submits feedback under paragraph (2), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) notify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of such feed-back, including the agreement or disagree-ment under subparagraph (A) or (B) of such paragraph, as applicable; and ‘‘(B) provide the committees specified in subparagraph (A) with a briefing upon re-quest. ‘‘(4) U
PDATES .—Not later than 90 days after the date the Administrator receives a rec-ommendation from the Advisory Committee under subsection (d)(2) that the Adminis-trator agrees with, and quarterly thereafter until such recommendation is fully imple-mented, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report or post on the public website under paragraph (5) an update on the status of such recommendation. ‘‘(5) W
EBSITE .—The Administrator shall maintain a public website that— ‘‘(A) lists the members of the Advisory Committee; ‘‘(B) provides the contact information for the Advisory Committee; and ‘‘(C) information relating to meetings, minutes, annual reports, and the implemen-tation of recommendations under this sec-tion. ‘‘(f) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Fed-eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Advisory Committee or any subcommittee established under this section.’’. (b) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE MEMBERS .— (1) V
OTING MEMBERS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration shall appoint the voting members of the Surface Transpor-tation Security Advisory Committee estab-lished under section 1621 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a) of this section. (2) N
ONVOTING MEMBERS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Federal department and agency with regulatory authority over a mode of surface transportation, as the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion considers appropriate, shall designate an appropriate representative to serve as a nonvoting member of the Surface Transpor-tation Security Advisory Committee. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1616 the following new items: ‘‘Subtitle C—Surface Transportation Security ‘‘Sec. 1621. Surface Transportation Security Advisory Committee.’’. 
SEC. 3. TECHNOLOGY INVESTMENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1611 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 563) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) A
DDITIONAL UPDATE REQUIREMENTS .— Updates and reports required pursuant to subsection (g) shall— ‘‘(1) be prepared in consultation with indi-viduals and entity specified in subsection (b), as well as the Surface Transportation Secu-rity Advisory Committee established by the Administrator pursuant to section 1621; ‘‘(2) include information relating to tech-nology investments by the Transportation Security Administration and the private sec-tor that the Department supports with re-search, development, testing, and evaluation for aviation, air cargo, and surface transpor-tation security; and ‘‘(3) to the extent practicable, include a classified addendum to report sensitive transportation security risks and associated capability gaps that would be best addressed by security-related technology described in paragraph (2).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply beginning with the first update and re-port required under subsection (g) of section 1611 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 that is required after such date 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5081, the Surface Transpor-tation Security and Technology Ac-countability Act of 2018. America’s transportation sector has long been, and continues to be, a top target for terrorism. In addition to per-sistent threats to aviation, terrorists continue to see surface transportation as soft targets that can yield high numbers of casualties. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Secu-rity, I have held numerous hearings, briefings, and roundtables dedicated to providing congressional oversight of the Transportation Security Adminis-tration’s role in surface transportation security. The U.S. surface transportation sys-tem is a dynamic, interconnected net-work of passenger and freight rail-roads, mass transit systems, over-the- road bus operators, motor carrier oper-ators, pipelines, and maritime facili-ties. These systems are the bedrock of the American economy and way of life, which is precisely why they are such attractive targets for terrorists. In addition to a number of horrific attacks against surface targets by ter-rorists overseas, we have recently expe-rienced an attempted suicide bombing in New York City’s Port Authority Bus Terminal. This attack was the first at-tempted suicide bombing on American soil and represented a startling shift in the threat landscape. Luckily, this incident only yielded injury to the would-be attacker. How-ever, it served as an important re-minder that we must be prepared to re-spond to threats in all modes of trans-portation. While TSA is responsible for securing all of America’s transportation sys-tems, surface transportation security has been consistently overshadowed by the amount of attention and resources dedicated to aviation security. This imbalance is aptly illustrated by the glaring absence of surface trans-portation at TSA’s ‘‘Strategic Five- Year Technology Investment Plan’’ as well as the ‘‘Biennial Refresh.’’ The plan is a key communication tool for TSA to help stakeholders un-derstand the agency’s priorities and to enable them to align investments and product investment initiatives accord-ingly. I would like to reiterate that TSA is responsible for securing all of Amer-ica’s transportation systems, and that surface transportation is a key and in-tegral element of that mission. TSA does not procure technology for local surface transportation operators, but it does set the standards for viable security technologies and equipment for that environment. Therefore, in-vestments related to research, develop-ment, testing, and evaluation of secu-rity technologies for surface transpor-tation systems should be included in TSA’s ‘‘Strategic Five-Year Tech-nology Investment Plan.’’ My legislation will enhance the visi-bility of the surface transportation sec-tor and ensure that TSA is positioned to address emerging threats through this critical infrastructure, which serves more than 10 billion riders in the United States annually. My bill authorizes the establishment of a Surface Transportation Security Advisory Committee that will provide stakeholders the opportunity to coordi-nate with TSA and comment on policy and pending regulations. The Surface Transportation Security Advisory Committee is a necessary and long-overdue complement to the Avia-tion Security Advisory Committee, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.029 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5627 June 25, 2018 
which has been a critical resource for the agency and stakeholders, and has led to a number of improvements in aviation security, as well as TSA proc-esses. Additionally, this bill explicitly di-rects TSA to expand the scope of its technology investment plan to incor-porate investments related to surface transportation security and air cargo security. My bill will signal to TSA that this committee takes its oversight of all transportation modes seriously and that the security of surface transpor-tation modes should be a higher pri-ority for the agency. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the ranking member of the Transpor-tation and Protective Security Sub-committee, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , for cosponsoring this legislation and for her dedication to securing all modes of transportation. I also wish to thank Chairman M
CCAULfor his support of this bill and for ensuring its swift markup at com-mittee. Whether we talk about mass transit, passenger rail, buses, trucking, freight rail, or pipelines, I understand that surface transportation is of critical im-portance to all our communities, in-cluding my home district in central New York. For that reason, I urge all of my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5081, the Surface Transportation Secu-rity and Technology Accountability Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, every day, millions of Americans engage with surface trans-portation across various modes, includ-ing passenger and freight trains, com-muter rail, mass transit, and buses. These systems, which so many of us rely on, are often viewed as soft tar-gets, so it is more important than ever that we intensify efforts to secure these critical systems. H.R. 5081 is a step in the right direc-tion. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend my colleague from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) for his hard work and dedication in putting this bill together and seeing that it gets to the floor this evening. This bill authorizes the Transpor-tation Security Administration to form a Surface Transportation Secu-rity Advisory Committee to advise on surface transportation security mat-ters, including the development and implementation of policies and secu-rity directives. This committee will in-clude stakeholders from each mode of surface transportation, including pipe-lines, as well as representatives from labor organizations, law enforcement, and the first responder community. Importantly, H.R. 5081 requires TSA to consult with the advisory com-mittee in the development of its tech-nology investment plan to ensure that TSA develops new and effective secu-rity technologies for surface transpor-tation and that we are investing in the right technology at the right time, at the right place. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan piece of legisla-tion. Again, I commend the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) for his hard work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from Rhode Island for his kind words about this bill and for the bipartisanship that per-vades our committee. It is a model, I think, that, Congress-wide, we could use more of. The bipartisanship that we have on this committee really is helping to keep America safer. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speak-ers. I reserve the balance of my time. b1930 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to, again, also echo the words of my colleague from New York in that there is great bipartisanship on the Homeland Secu-rity Committee. I have often said that if there is one place we are going to find bipartisanship, it is when it comes to protecting the homeland, protecting our national security, and certainly it has been evidenced by this particular bill and the several bills that we will have before us this evening. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5081 will enhance the security of mass transit and other critical surface transportation modes. This legislation is sorely needed, and I thank the chairman of the Transpor-tation and Protective Security Sub-committee, Mr. K
ATKO , for his efforts. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 5081, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5081. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION SECURITY TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION RE-FORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5730) to require testing and eval-uation of advanced transportation se-curity screening technologies related to the mission of the Transportation Security Administration, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5730 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transpor-tation Security Technology Innovation Re-form Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-tration’’ means the Transportation Security Administration. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Ad-ministration. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees’’ means the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (4) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
SEC. 3. TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS INTEGRA-TION FACILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established in the Administration a Transportation Secu-rity Administration Systems Integration Fa-cility (TSIF) for the purposes of testing and evaluating advanced transportation security screening technologies related to the mis-sion of the Administration. The TSIF shall— (1) evaluate such technologies to enhance the security of transportation systems through screening and threat mitigation and detection; (2) conduct testing of such technologies to support identified mission needs of the Ad-ministration and to meet requirements for acquisitions and procurement; (3) to the extent practicable, provide origi-nal equipment manufacturers with test plans to minimize requirement interpretation dis-putes and adhere to provided test plans; (4) collaborate with other technical labora-tories and facilities for purposes of aug-menting TSIF’s capabilities; (5) deliver advanced transportation secu-rity screening technologies that enhance the overall security of domestic transportation systems; and (6) to the extent practicable, provide fund-ing and promote efforts to enable participa-tion by a small business concern (as such term is described under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)) that has an advanced technology or capability but does not have adequate resources to partici-pate in testing and evaluation processes. (b) S
TAFFING AND RESOURCE ALLOCATION .— The Administrator shall ensure adequate staffing and resource allocations for the TSIF in a manner which— (1) prevents unnecessary delays in testing and evaluating advanced transportation se-curity screening technologies for acquisi-tions and procurement determinations; (2) ensures the issuance of final paperwork certification does not exceed 45 days after the conclusion of such testing and evalua-tion; and (3) collaborates with technology stake-holders to close capabilities gaps in trans-portation security. (c) T
IMEFRAME .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall notify the appropriate congressional com-mittees whenever testing and evaluation by TSIF of an advanced transportation security screening technology under this section ex-ceeds 180 days as determined from the date on which the owner of such technology turned over such technology to the Adminis-tration after installation for testing and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.059 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5628 June 25, 2018 
evaluation purposes, as evidenced by a signed Test Readiness Notification from such owner to the Administration. Such notifica-tion shall include— (A) information relating to the arrival date of such technology; (B) reasons why the testing and evaluation process has exceeded 180 days; and (C) an estimated time for completion of such testing and evaluation. (2) R
ETESTING AND EVALUATION .—Advanced transportation security screening tech-nology that fails testing and evaluation by the TSIF may be retested and evaluated. (d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER DEPARTMENT  E
NTITIES AND FEDERAL AGENCIES .—The au- thority of the Administrator under this title shall not affect the authorities or respon-sibilities of any officer of the Department or of any officer of any other department or agency of the United States with respect to research, development, testing, and evalua-tion, including the authorities and respon-sibilities of the Undersecretary for Science and Technology of the Department and the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice of the Department. 
SEC. 4. REVIEW OF TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITIONS PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall, in coordination with relevant officials of the Department, conduct a review of existing advanced trans-portation security screening technology de-velopment, acquisitions, and procurement practices within the Administration. Such review shall include— (1) identifying process delays and bottle-necks within the Department and the Ad-ministration regarding how such technology is identified, developed, acquired, and de-ployed; (2) assessing whether the Administration can better leverage existing resources or processes of the Department for the purposes of technology innovation and development; (3) assessing whether the Administration can further encourage innovation and com-petition among technology stakeholders, in-cluding through increased participation of and funding for small business concerns (as such term is described under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); (4) identifying best practices of other De-partment components or United States Gov-ernment entities; and (5) a plan to address problems and chal-lenges identified by such review. (b) B
RIEFING .—The Administrator shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the findings of the review required under this section and a plan to address problems and challenges identi-fied by such review. 
SEC. 5. ADMINISTRATION ACQUISITIONS AND PROCUREMENT ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall— (1) engage in outreach, coordination, and collaboration with transportation stake-holders to identify and foster innovation of new advanced transportation security screening technologies; (2) streamline the overall technology de-velopment, testing, evaluation, acquisitions, procurement, and deployment processes of the Administration; and (3) ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of such processes. 
SEC. 6. ASSESSMENT. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Chief Privacy Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a com-pliance assessment of the Transportation Se-curity Administration’s acquisition process relating to the health and safety risks asso-ciated with implementation of screening technologies. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5730, the Transpor-tation Security Technology Innovation Reform Act of 2018. This legislation represents a culmination of years of bi-partisan oversight efforts by the Home-land Security Committee and, more specifically, the Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Secu-rity, which I chair. My committee colleagues and I have seen, firsthand, the challenges facing TSA in delivering advanced security technologies to the front lines at air-ports. Technologies such as Computed Tomography and Credential Authen-tication Technology are years behind where they should be in deployment due to unnecessary delays, opaque test-ing timelines, and capacity challenges at TSA. What is even more frustrating is that these technologies, made by American companies, are already deployed at a number of airports overseas in foreign countries, while our own government cannot efficiently test and deploy these already-proven technologies. For far too long we have seen the traveling public wait for cutting-edge technologies while bureaucratic hin-drances and government inefficiencies plague TSA’s testing and evaluation process. Today, the House has the op-portunity to pass a solution to this problem. H.R. 5730 will reform and galvanize efforts to bring 21st-century solutions to persistent security challenges facing America’s transportation systems. Spe-cifically, this legislation will authorize the core functions of the TSA Systems Integration Facility, or TSIF for short. The TSIF will be charged with con-ducting efficient and transparent test-ing of critical security technologies in a manner that is responsive to stake-holders and the needs of the traveling public. One key problem that I often hear from technology stakeholders is that TSA does not have the bandwidth or resources to efficiently conduct testing and evaluation of new screening tech-nologies in a timely manner. This legislation will ensure that ade-quate staffing and resources are allo-cated to the TSIF, and that TSA is au-thorized to collaborate with outside laboratories and stakeholders to expe-dite the much-needed testing of these technologies. Further, this legislation provides sig-nificant accountability by requiring TSA to share test plans with original equipment manufacturers in order to ensure the integrity and consistency of testing and evaluation processes. The bill includes specific metrics for re-porting to Congress and stakeholders on delays in testing so that there is greater visibility into potential bu-reaucratic hiccups. H.R. 5730 directs the TSA Adminis-trator to conduct a wholesale evalua-tion of the agency’s testing and acqui-sition processes and identify areas that can be streamlined and improved. This legislation emphasizes the agency’s need to engage and leverage other gov-ernment agencies, transportation stakeholders, and small businesses, to more effectively and expeditiously de-ploy critical security technologies. Mr. Speaker, the Transportation Se-curity Technology Innovation Reform Act of 2018 cuts straight to the heart of the problems plaguing TSA, and di-rectly addresses issues identified by stakeholders. As any of my committee colleagues can tell you, the threats facing trans-portation security now are more severe and more troubling than ever, and our ability to effectively mitigate these threats with advanced technology is of the utmost importance. I wish to thank my friend, the rank-ing member of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Secu-rity, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , whose partnership and leadership on this issue has been critical to bringing this bill to the floor today. I also would like to thank the full committee chairman, Mr. M
CCAUL, for his support of the bill and for shep-herding it through the committee proc-ess. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5730, the Transportation Security Technology Innovation Reform Act of 2018. H.R. 5730 authorizes TSA’s Trans-portation Security Administration Systems Integration Facility, or TSIF. Threats against the transportation system are constantly evolving. They demand the TSA be proactive in devel-oping new and innovative technologies. By authorizing the TSIF, H.R. 5730 di-rects TSA to evaluate, test, collaborate on and, ultimately, deliver advance screening technologies. H.R. 5730 also includes language to ensure that TSA has the necessary staff and resources to develop the best 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.032 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5629 June 25, 2018 
and most cutting-edge technology. Im-portantly, the bill includes language authored by the Ranking Member, Mr. T
HOMPSON , to enhance the level of sup-port TSA provides to small businesses throughout TSA’s technology testing and procurement process. Greater participation of small busi-nesses, really, where innovation hap-pens, in the security marketplace, will not only help ensure that promising technologies are pursued; it will also help TSA move away from its reliance on a handful of large technology manu-facturers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the House to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. First of all, I want to thank my col-league from Rhode Island for his com-ments in support of this bill as well, and shepherding it through the process here today on the floor. I will note—and I want to digress for a moment. We went on a congressional delegation. I led that delegation to Eu-rope and the Middle East several months ago, and it was a bipartisan ef-fort to evaluate the technologies in use at other airports in Europe and in the Middle East. And it was stunning for us to go to those airports and see Amer-ican-made computed tomography, or 3– D scanners, already on the front lines, already doing the job, already making those airports much safer than ours are today, and those products are made here in the United States. It is maddening that we had this bu-reaucratic bottleneck of testing proce-dures and algorithms and everything else, while the front lines are not being addressed. So this bill attempts to ad-dress that backlog, and I am very proud to have been a sponsor of it. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speak-ers, and I am prepared to close once the gentleman from Rhode Island does. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. H.R. 5730 is focused on closing secu-rity capability gaps and streamlining the technology acquisitions process at TSA. When everything is said and done, TSA’s ultimate mission is to ensure the safety and security of the traveling public, and H.R. 5730 would do just that. I commend the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) for his work on this legislation. I think it is going to make an appreciable difference in keeping the traveling public safe. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5730, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. To use an old saying that I like to use, TSA seems to be engaged in the practice of polishing the brass while the fire bell is ringing; and the fire bell is, indeed, ringing with the bad guys trying to get scary technology through our security measures in order to do harm to the American people. And the technologies that are already existing out there are not being put on the front line, and that is a shame. This bill at-tempts to address that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5730, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SECURING PUBLIC AREAS OF TRANSPORTATION FACILITIES ACT OF 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5766) to improve the security of public areas of transportation facili-ties, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5766 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing Public Areas of Transportation Facilities Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) P
UBLIC AND PRIVATE SECTOR STAKE -
HOLDERS .—The term ‘‘public and private sec-tor stakeholders’’ has the meaning given such term in section 114(u)(1)(C) of title 49, United States Code. (2) S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION ASSET .—The term ‘‘surface transportation asset’’ includes facilities, equipment, or systems used to pro-vide transportation services by— (A) a public transportation agency (as such term is defined in section 1402(5) of the Im-plementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53; 6 U.S.C. 1131(5))); (B) a railroad carrier (as such term is de-fined in section 20102(3) of title 49, United States Code); (C) an owner or operator of— (i) an entity offering scheduled, fixed-route transportation services by over-the road bus (as such term is defined in section 1501(4) of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 53; 6 U.S.C. 1151(4))); or (ii) a bus terminal; or (D) other transportation facilities, equip-ment, or systems, as determined by the Sec-retary. 
SEC. 3. PUBLIC AREA SECURITY WORKING GROUP. 
(a) W ORKING GROUP .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall establish a working group to promote collaborative engagement between the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and public and private sector stake-holders to develop non-binding recommenda-tions for enhancing security in public areas of transportation facilities (including facili-ties that are surface transportation assets), including recommendations regarding the following topics: (1) Information sharing and interoperable communication capabilities among the De-partment of Homeland Security and public and private stakeholders with respect to ter-rorist or other threats. (2) Coordinated incident response proce-dures. (3) The prevention of terrorist attacks and other incidents through strategic planning, security training, exercises and drills, law enforcement patrols, worker vetting, and suspicious activity reporting. (4) Infrastructure protection through effec-tive construction design barriers and instal-lation of advanced surveillance and other se-curity technologies. (b) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the establishment of the working group under subsection (a) and annually thereafter for five years, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the working group’s organization, participation, activities, findings, and non- binding recommendations for the imme-diately preceding 12-month period. The Sec-retary may publish a public version of such report that describes the working group’s ac-tivities and such related matters as would be informative to the public, consistent with section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code. (c) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF THE FEDERAL ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE ACT.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under subsection (a) or any subsidiary there-of. 
SEC. 4. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall— (1) inform owners and operators of surface transportation assets about the availability of technical assistance, including vulner-ability assessment tools and cybersecurity guidelines, to help protect and enhance the resilience of public areas of such assets; and (2) subject to the availability of appropria-tions, provide such technical assistance to requesting owners and operators of surface transportation assets. (b) B
EST PRACTICES .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall publish on the Department of Home-land Security’s website and widely dissemi-nate, as appropriate, best practices for pro-tecting and enhancing the resilience of pub-lic areas of transportation facilities (includ-ing facilities that are surface transportation assets), including associated frameworks or templates for implementation. Such best practices shall be updated periodically. 
SEC. 5. REVIEW. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that includes a review of regulations, directives, policies, and pro-cedures issued by the Administrator regard-ing the transportation of a firearm and am-munition, and, as appropriate, information on plans to modify any such regulation, di-rective, policy, or procedure based on such review. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing the report required under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall consult with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee (established 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.063 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5630 June 25, 2018 
pursuant to section 44946 of title 49, United States Code) and appropriate public and pri-vate sector stakeholders. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5766, the Securing Public Areas of Transportation Facilities Act of 2018. This legislation will improve security coordination among transportation stakeholders by establishing a working group between the Department of Homeland Security and public and pri-vate stakeholders to develop rec-ommendations for enhancing public area security of transportation facili-ties. H.R. 5766 directs that the working group focus on key areas including in-formation sharing, interoperable com-munications, incident response, and the prevention of terrorist attacks through strategic planning and secu-rity exercises. Taking steps to improve upon these critical components to se-curity preparedness and resiliency is directly correlated to America’s ability to mitigate the constantly-evolving threat to our transportation system. The traveling public must be secure in all modes of transportation security, and the millions of Americans who uti-lize surface transportation networks every single day to travel to work and school rely upon strong Federal, State, local, and private sector collaboration. Over the last several years we have seen a marked increase in attacks to public areas of transportation net-works. From airports like LAX in Los Angeles, Fort Lauderdale, Istanbul, Brussels, to mass transit hubs in New York City, London, Madrid and Bel-gium, we have witnessed horrific scenes of attack in crowded public spaces of transportation systems. I am glad this bill seeks to improve upon the resiliency, preparedness, and overall security infrastructure of these networks, which are absolutely crucial to our economy and the American way of life. The free movement of people and goods across the United States must never be stymied by violent extre-mism. That is why it is incumbent upon those of us in Congress to ensure that Homeland Security and TSA are doing all they can to promote effective collaboration among the litany of stakeholders charged with securing the traveling public. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) for his focus on this important issue. I also thank the chairman of the full com-mittee, Mr. M
CCAUL, for seeing this bill through the markup process. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5766, the Se-curing Public Areas of Transportation Facilities Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5766 was intro-duced to address the growing risk of terrorist attacks in the public areas of transportation facilities. In recent years, there has been a growing appreciation that public areas of airports and transportation facili-ties, where crowds tend to gather, have become soft targets for terrorists. We have seen that internationally and do-mestically, as there have been violent incidents in public airport areas in Brussels, Los Angeles, New Orleans and Fort Lauderdale. Last year, there was an attempted attack on New York City’s transit system as well. H.R. 5766 seeks to bolster protection for the public-facing sides of transpor-tation systems. It does so, in part, by authorizing a working group to stream-line communication and collaboration between the Department of Homeland Security and key stakeholders. Addi-tionally, it directs DHS to disseminate technical assistance to operators such as vulnerability assessment tools and cybersecurity guidelines. Finally, H.R. 5766 requires TSA to re-view its regulations, policies, and pro-cedures regarding the transportation of firearms and ammunition and submit a comprehensive report to Congress on its findings and any planned modifica-tions. The presence of firearms and am-munition in public areas of transpor-tation facilities is a timely concern. b1945 In January 2017, an arriving airline passenger in Fort Lauderdale retrieved a gun and ammunition from his checked bag and opened fire on trav-elers in the baggage claim area, killing five people and injuring six others. In 2017 alone, TSA reported that its officers discovered 3,957 firearms at se-curity checkpoints, 84 percent of which were loaded. Mr. Speaker, given the prevalence and availability of guns in this coun-try, the very least we can do is evalu-ate TSA’s policies for transporting them and ensure that they are sensible and tailored to the risk. Mr. Speaker, I urge my House col-leagues to support this bipartisan leg-islation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Rhode Island for supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5766 is an impor-tant piece of legislation that has strong support on both sides of the aisle. It is nice to see the bipartisan-ship once again. It directs meaningful, sensible action to help enhance the se-curity of public-facing areas. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 5766, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, my time on the Homeland Security Committee over the past 3
1⁄2years has been a true testament to bipartisanship: trying to get the right things done, putting aside political differences to keep the coun-try as safe and secure as we possibly can. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to support the bill of my colleague from New Jer-sey (Mr. P
AYNE ). I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5766. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DHS INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYS-TEMS CAPABILITIES ENHANCE-MENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5733) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to provide for the re-sponsibility of the National Cybersecu-rity and Communications Integration Center to maintain capabilities to identify threats to industrial control systems, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5733 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Indus-trial Control Systems Capabilities Enhance-ment Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. CAPABILITIES OF NATIONAL CYBERSECU-RITY AND COMMUNICATIONS INTE-GRATION CENTER TO IDENTIFY THREATS TO INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 227 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (H), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) activities of the Center address the se-curity of both information technology and operational technology, including industrial control systems;’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.033 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5631 June 25, 2018 
(2) by redesignating subsections (f) through (m) as subsections (g) through (n), respec-tively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) I
NDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS .—The Center shall maintain capabilities to iden-tify and address threats and vulnerabilities to products and technologies intended for use in the automated control of critical in-frastructure processes. In carrying out this subsection, the Center shall— ‘‘(1) lead, in coordination with relevant sector specific agencies, Federal Government efforts to identify and mitigate cybersecu-rity threats to industrial control systems, including supervisory control and data ac-quisition systems; ‘‘(2) maintain cross-sector incident re-sponse capabilities to respond to industrial control system cybersecurity incidents; ‘‘(3) provide cybersecurity technical assist-ance to industry end-users, product manufac-turers, and other industrial control system stakeholders to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities; ‘‘(4) collect, coordinate, and provide vul-nerability information to the industrial con-trol systems community by, as appropriate, working closely with security researchers, industry end-users, product manufacturers, and other industrial control systems stake-holders; and ‘‘(5) conduct such other efforts and assist-ance as the Secretary determines appro-priate.’’. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter dur-ing the subsequent four-year period, the Na-tional Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center shall provide to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a briefing on the indus-trial control systems capabilities of the Cen-ter under subsection (f) of section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148), as added by subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) and the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5733, the DHS Industrial Con-trol Systems Capabilities Enhance-ment Act of 2018. Industrial control systems are the critical interface between digital con-trols and a physical process. These sys-tems are ubiquitous in our modern so-ciety and are utilized in all 16 sectors of our Nation’s critical infrastructure. Whether they are used in managing the operations of electric power gen-erators, water treatment facilities, medical devices, manufacturing facili-ties, or transportation networks, dis-ruptions or damage to these systems have the potential to cause cata-strophic and cascading consequences to our Nation’s national security, our eco-nomic security, and our public health and safety. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s National Cybersecurity and Com-munications Integration Center, or NCCIC, has a key role in addressing the security of both information tech-nology and operational technology, in-cluding the industrial control systems. DHS, through the NCCIC, currently provides operators of industrial control systems across critical infrastructure sectors with support. They do this with malware and vulnerability analysis, in-cident response, and briefings on emerging threats and vulnerabilities. H.R. 5733 codifies DHS’ current role and directs them to maintain existing capabilities to identify and address threats and vulnerabilities to products and technologies intended for use in automated control of critical infra-structure processes. This legislation also supports DHS’ function to secure ICS technologies by allowing NCCIC to provide cybersecurity technical assist-ance to ICS end users, product manu-facturers, and other stakeholders to mitigate and identify vulnerabilities. DHS operates a central hub for ICS information exchange, technical exper-tise, operational partnerships, and ICS- focused cybersecurity capabilities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 5733 to codify the work that DHS performs in mitigating industrial control system vulnerabilities, while ensuring that private industry has a permanent place for assistance to ad-dress cybersecurity risks. I want to thank Chairman MCCAUL and Chairman R
ATCLIFFE for their sup-port of this legislation, as well as Con-gressman L
ANGEVIN for his amendment in committee. This is a bipartisan ef-fort. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5733, the DHS Industrial Control Sys-tems Capabilities Enhancement Act. H.R. 5733 would codify the Department of Homeland Security’s role in leading Federal efforts to secure industrial control systems. I want to commend the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) for his hard work on this legislation. I have enjoyed collaborating with him on it, and I am grateful for his support and his support of the amendment that I offered in committee to make the act, I think, even better. Mr. Speaker, we depend on control systems to deliver basic necessities like clean water, a steady energy sup-ply, reliable transportation systems, and medical care. This is not a new role for DHS, which has been working on control system se-curity since 2004. However, enactment of H.R. 5733 will help provide clarity to DHS and its Federal partners at a crit-ical moment in our Nation’s history. Cyber threats, Mr. Speaker, to crit-ical infrastructure have never been greater, yet leadership from the White House is dangerously lacking. Over the past few months, we have seen top cyber officials at the White House leave, resign, or, in the case of the Cy-bersecurity Coordinator, have the posi-tion eliminated altogether. What is more, the President appears to be making major foreign policy deci-sions with little, if any, regard for cy-bersecurity. The President ignored warnings from the intelligence commu-nity about Chinese telecom company ZTE when, in May, he directed the Commerce Department, by tweet, to save this habitual sanctions offender. The same month, the news broke that the Chinese Government had hacked into the networks of a U.S. Navy con-tractor and syphoned off sensitive mili-tary data. This month, DHS officials reported that the North Korean Government is ramping up its cyber intrusions on critical infrastructure in the U.S. and around the world. With respect to Russia, we know that the Kremlin has the capability to turn off the lights with a cyber intrusion, as it has done in Ukraine. We also know that Russia has been able to success-fully infiltrate the networks of a wide range of U.S. critical infrastructure op-erators, including power plants. DHS, through the National Cyberse-curity and Communications Integra-tion Center, or the NCCIC, provides critical infrastructure owners and op-erators with valuable cyber assistance and resources to help secure their sys-tems. The NCCIC, and specifically the Industrial Control Systems Computer Emergency Response Team, or ICS- CERT, has longstanding relationships with critical infrastructure stake-holders and the expertise to help own-ers and operators harden their de-fenses. Expertise in operational technology, or OT, cybersecurity is even harder to come by than the more traditional in-formation and communications tech-nology, or ICT, space, and all of my colleagues know how much of a work-force challenge we are facing there. Congress is wise to recognize the amazing resource we have in ICS-CERT by formally authorizing it with Mr. B ACON ’s bill. Security solutions in the ICT space do not always map well onto operational technology, and being con-versant in the nuances is essential if we are to protect the systems that we so heavily rely on. During the committee consideration, I was also proud to offer an amendment to codify ICS-CERT’s coordinated vul-nerability disclosure program that en-sures ICS vulnerabilities can be re-ported securely, promptly, and respon-sibly. Through this program, manufac-turers are assured of a chance to patch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.034 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5632 June 25, 2018 
vulnerabilities before they are publicly announced, and security researchers are assured that their voices will be heard. ICS-CERT is to be commended for running a progressive program that recognizes that most security research-ers want to help make the internet and the scary devices that connect to it a safer place. The coordinated vulnera-bility program does just that by help-ing critical infrastructure owners and operators who receive notices from ICS-CERT about discovered vulnerabil-ities and effective patches before mali-cious actors have a chance to exploit any flaws. Mr. Speaker, this bill would empower ICS-CERT to carry out this mission fully and effectively. Mr. Speaker, I want to again com-mend the gentleman for his work on this important piece of legislation. I urge my colleagues to support the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say it has been a pleasure working with Mr. L
ANGEVIN not only on the Homeland Security Committee, but also on the Armed Services Committee. We have partnered on quite a few things, and it is wonderful to make a difference with him. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, there is no question that industrial control systems are a high-value target for our adversaries. Critical infrastructure owners and op-erators use these systems to deliver the services that underpin our day-to- day lives, and destruction to one of those systems could have tremendous economic ramifications or could even be the difference between life and death. We know that our adversaries—most notably Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea—have all targeted U.S. critical infrastructure and the operational technology employed across these sec-tors. Mr. Speaker, it is important that we solidify DHS’ longstanding leader-ship role in securing critical infra-structure, particularly with respect to industrial control systems. It has been a pleasure working with my colleague Mr. B
ACON , the gen-tleman from Nebraska, on this bill. I deeply appreciate both his service to the country as well as his contribu-tions both on the Armed Services Com-mittee and on the Homeland Security Committee. Likewise, it has been a pleasure working with him over these years. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 5733, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, first, I again want to thank my colleague from Rhode Island for his partnership on this, and his comments were absolutely right. The Russians and the Chinese are both working to be able to attack our en-ergy grid, among other parts of our in-frastructure, and we need to be pre-pared. And it doesn’t start on day one of a war. It starts now, when we have the time to prepare. The next December 7 will not be like Pearl Harbor with aircraft and tor-pedoes and bombs coming to attack our Pacific Fleet. It is going to be preceded by a cyber attack that is going to try to shut down our energy grid and other parts of our infrastructure, and the time to prepare is now. This bill starts that process, or continues that process, so that we are prepared. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. f 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5733, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b2000 OFFICE OF BIOMETRIC IDENTITY MANAGEMENT AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5206) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish the Of-fice of Biometric Identity Manage-ment, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5206 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Office of Bi-ometric Identity Management Authorization Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘OBIM Authorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE OFFICE OF BIO-METRIC IDENTITY MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et. seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 710. OFFICE OF BIOMETRIC IDENTITY MAN-AGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Office of Bio-metric Identity Management is established within the Management Directorate of the Department. ‘‘(b) D
IRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office of Biometric Identity Management shall be administered by the Director of the Office of Biometric Identity Management (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘Director’) who shall report to the Secretary, or to another official of the Department, as the Secretary may direct. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS AND DUTIES .—The Di- rector shall— ‘‘(A) have significant professional manage-ment experience, as well as experience in the field of biometrics and identity manage-ment; ‘‘(B) lead the Department’s biometric iden-tity services to support anti-terrorism, counter-terrorism, border security, credentialing, national security, and public safety; ‘‘(C) enable operational missions across the Department by receiving, matching, storing, sharing, and analyzing biometric and associ-ated biographic and encounter data; ‘‘(D) deliver biometric identity informa-tion and analysis capabilities to— ‘‘(i) the Department and its components; ‘‘(ii) appropriate Federal, State, local, and tribal agencies; ‘‘(iii) appropriate foreign governments; and ‘‘(iv) appropriate private sector entities; ‘‘(E) support the law enforcement, public safety, national security, and homeland se-curity missions of other Federal, State, local, and tribal agencies, as appropriate; ‘‘(F) manage the operation of the Depart-ment’s primary biometric repository and identification system; ‘‘(G) manage Biometric Support Centers to provide biometric identification and verification analysis and services to the De-partment, appropriate Federal, State, local, and tribal agencies, appropriate foreign gov-ernments, and appropriate private sector en-tities; ‘‘(H) oversee the implementation of De-partment-wide standards for biometric con-formity, and work to make such standards Government-wide; ‘‘(I) in coordination with the Department’s Office of Policy, and in consultation with relevant component offices and headquarters offices, enter into data sharing agreements with appropriate Federal, State, local, and foreign agencies to support immigration, law enforcement, national security, and public safety missions; ‘‘(J) maximize interoperability with other Federal, State, local, and foreign biometric systems, as appropriate; ‘‘(K) ensure the activities of the Office of Biometric Identity Management are carried out in compliance with the policies and pro-cedures established by the Privacy Officer appointed under section 222; and ‘‘(L) carry out other duties and powers pre-scribed by law or delegated by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) DEPUTY DIRECTOR .—There shall be in the Office of Biometric Identity Management a Deputy Director, who shall assist the Di-rector in the management of the Office. ‘‘(d) O
THER AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may estab-lish such other offices within the Office of Biometric Identity Management as the Di-rector determines necessary to carry out the missions, duties, functions, and authorities of the Office. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Director exer-cises the authority provided by paragraph (1), the Director shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate not later than 30 days before ex-ercising such authority.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 709 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 710. Office of Biometric Identity Man-agement.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.070 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5633 June 25, 2018 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include any ex-traneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Terrorists, transnational criminal or-ganizations, and others seeking to do this Nation harm are constantly com-ing up with new ways to cross our bor-ders. We used to rely on biographic infor-mation, such as names and birthdays, to identify and prevent these threats from entering our country. But the de-velopment of biometric identity- matching technology allows us to more quickly and effectively confirm people that they are who they say they are. The use of biometric technology to positively identify individuals who seek entry into the United States is a 21st century solution to multiple homeland security problems. The tech-nology enhances the security of our citizens, facilitates legitimate travel and trade, and bolsters the integrity of our immigration system. My bill authorizes the Office of Bio-metric Identity Management, or OBIM, the primary biometric repository for DHS and other Federal agencies that are vital to our national security. OBIM operates a database of more than 225 million unique identities that in-clude fingerprint-based biometrics, as well as face and iris holdings that allow it to provide biometric matching, storing, and sharing services across the U.S. Government. It processes more than 300,000 daily biometric transactions, reviewing more than 360 known or suspected terrorist records for resolution on a daily basis. OBIM also supports DHS’s efforts to complete a biometric exit program. Putting this biometric exit system in place is, as the 9/11 Commission noted, ‘‘an essential investment in our na-tional security.’’ More than 15 years later, large numbers of foreign nation-als continue to overstay their visas or disappear into the United States, just as four of the 9/11 hijackers did. Congress has passed multiple laws since 2004 mandating the creation of the biometric exit system, though we are still waiting for it to come to fru-ition. OBIM is responsible for a key ele-ment of our national security, but has not been authorized by statute. This bill, the Office of Biometric Identity Management Authorization Act of 2018, will finally codify this into law. In the current high-risk threat envi-ronment, it is vital that we place greater emphasis on biometric identity technology as a counterterrorism tool and provide OBIM with the resources necessary to further protect the home-land in the face of an evolving threat. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting this legislation, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5206, the OBIM Authorization Act of 2018. First, I want to begin by com-mending the gentlewoman from Ari-zona for sponsoring this piece of legis-lation. It is very thoughtful and cer-tainly very timely. Of course, I am not surprised that she would come up with such a great idea, knowing that she originally hails from Rhode Island and comes from great roots. So I am not surprised that she would come up with a great idea like this. Mr. Speaker, for the past decade, the Department of Homeland Security has collected biometric data from foreign nationals and U.S. citizens for a wide range of purposes, including counter-terrorism, border security, credentialing, national security, and public safety. Over that time, the Office of Biomet-ric Identity Management, or OBIM, has become a repository for more than 240 million biometrics, such as finger-prints and photographs collected by DHS. OBIM is charged with analyzing biometric data, sending updates to critical terror watch lists, and sharing information with trusted partners in-side and outside the Federal Govern-ment to support law enforcement, pub-lic safety, national security, and home-land security. Given the sensitivity of this type of biometric data and its increasing inte-gration into security programs, I am pleased that H.R. 5206 requires this of-fice to comply with privacy policies and procedures established by the DHS privacy officer. This is a good bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5206 authorizes the department’s existing Office of Biomet-ric Identity Management, which is charged with collecting and using bio-metric data to enhance DHS’s counter-terrorism, border security, and na-tional security operations. Increasingly, Federal agencies see the value of adopting biometrics as an additional security measure. As more and more Federal programs make use of such personal data, it is absolutely vital that privacy be baked in from the start. Importantly, H.R. 5206 requires a privacy-forward approach to all that OBIM does. For these reasons, I support this measure. This is a good, bipartisan bill, and, again, I commend the gentle-woman from Rhode Island, who is now from Arizona, for sponsoring this bill and getting it through committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill as well, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my col-league from Rhode Island’s support on this bill and our longstanding relation-ship that we had since we grew up in a similar neighborhood before I fell in love with Arizona and never wanted to see another winter again. But anyway, I digress. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5206, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
IMMIGRATION ADVISORY PRO-GRAM AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5207) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish the im-migration advisory program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5207 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Immigration Advisory Program Authorization Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘IAP Authorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF THE IMMIGRATION ADVISORY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 419. IMMIGRATION ADVISORY PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized within U.S. Customs and Border Protection an immigration advisory program (in this section referred to as the ‘program’) for U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers, pur-suant to an agreement with a host country, to assist air carriers and security employees at foreign airports with review of traveler in-formation during the processing of flights bound for the United States. ‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out the pro-gram, U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers may— ‘‘(1) be present during processing of flights bound for the United States; ‘‘(2) assist air carriers and security em-ployees with document examination and traveler security assessments; ‘‘(3) provide relevant training to air car-riers, security employees, and host-country authorities; ‘‘(4) analyze electronic passenger informa-tion and passenger reservation data to iden-tify potential threats; ‘‘(5) engage air carriers and travelers to confirm potential terrorist watchlist matches; ‘‘(6) make recommendations to air carriers to deny potentially inadmissable passengers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.073 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5634 June 25, 2018 
boarding flights bound for the United States; and ‘‘(7) conduct other activities to secure flights bound for the United States, as di-rected by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(c) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days before an agreement with the government of a host country pursuant to the program described in this section enters into force, the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection shall provide the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate with— ‘‘(1) a copy of such agreement, which shall include— ‘‘(A) the identification of the host country with which U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion intends to enter into such agreement; ‘‘(B) the location at which activities de-scribed in subsection (b) will be conducted pursuant to such agreement; and ‘‘(C) the terms and conditions for U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection personnel oper-ating at such location; ‘‘(2) country-specific information on the anticipated homeland security benefits asso-ciated with such agreement; ‘‘(3) an assessment of the impacts such agreement will have on U.S. Customs and Border Protection domestic port of entry staffing; ‘‘(4) information on the anticipated costs over the five fiscal years after such agree-ment enters into force associated with car-rying out such agreement; ‘‘(5) details on information sharing mecha-nisms to ensure that U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection has current information to prevent terrorist and criminal travel; and ‘‘(6) other factors that the Commissioner determines necessary for Congress to com-prehensively assess the appropriateness of carrying out the program. ‘‘(d) A
MENDMENT OF EXISTING AGREE -
MENTS .—Not later than 30 days before a sub-stantially amended program agreement with the government of a host country in effect as of the date of the enactment of this section enters into force, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate— ‘‘(1) a copy of such agreement, as amended; and ‘‘(2) the justification for such amendment. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘air carrier’ and ‘foreign air carrier’ have the meanings given such terms in sec-tion 40102 of title 49, United States Code.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (19) as para-graph (20); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (18) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(19) carry out section 419, relating to the immigration advisory program; and’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 418 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 419. Immigration advisory program.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include any ex-traneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, a major part of keeping the homeland safe is making sure we prevent bad actors from ever reaching our shores. In order to do this, we must continue to push out our borders with programs that utilize a combination of vetting and interviews conducted by experienced law enforcement agents. The Customs and Border Protection Immigration Advisory Program, or IAP, accomplishes just that. The IAP program deploys specially trained CBP officers to major last-point-of-depar-ture airports that offer direct flights to the United States. It is the responsi-bility of these officers to recommend that airlines do not allow foreign na-tionals who would be deemed inadmis-sible upon arrival or present a signifi-cant security threat to board an air-plane bound for the United States. This program enhances our national security by preventing high-risk indi-viduals from boarding an airplane bound for our homeland. In fiscal year 2017, there were a total of 4,328 no- board recommendations made across 12 different IAP airport locations. IAP is especially important in countries with significant terrorist screening database hits. The IAP program is not currently au-thorized by statute, but H.R. 5207, the Immigration Advisory Program Au-thorization Act of 2018, will finally cod-ify this important safety and security program into law. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to please join me in supporting this commonsense legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5207, the Immigration Advisory Pro-gram Authorization Act of 2018. H.R. 5207 authorizes an important function within U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, the Immigration Advi-sory Program, or IAP. Under this pro-gram, CBP deploys officers to overseas airports to advise law enforcement partners about certain passengers be-fore they board U.S.-bound flights. This important program seeks to es-sentially push out our borders to pre-vent travelers who may pose a threat to the U.S. from ever boarding an in-bound flight. Importantly, beyond simply author-izing the program, the bill requires CBP to notify Congress whenever a new agreement is put in place with a for-eign partner. It also requires CBP to assess how the overseas deployment of officers may affect officer coverage at U.S. ports of entry. While I certainly appreciate the sac-rifice made by officers serving abroad, I would note that this authorization is coming at a time when CBP has ac-knowledged that it is currently 4,000 officers short of what it needs to carry out current operations, both domesti-cally and abroad. Mr. Speaker, there is continued bi-partisan support for CBP to push out our borders to prevent individuals who pose a threat to the U.S. from making their way here to our country. H.R. 5207 authorizes an existing DHS pro-gram that has proven helpful to our foreign partners in carrying out our shared interest of preventing ter-rorism, and it reduces the burden of de-porting individuals who would be de-nied entry into the U.S. upon landing here. Mr. Speaker, I commend the gentle-woman for sponsoring the bill. I sup-port it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island for his support on this bipartisan legislation. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5207, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE ALLEGHANY LADY TROJANS ON THEIR STATE SOFTBALL CHAM-PIONSHIP (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate the Alleghany Lady Trojans softball team on winning North Caro-lina’s A1 State championship. These young women deserve the championship for their hard work and talent, but they are also champions of humility, giving gratitude to God, their parents, coaches, and the commu-nity fan base that supported them throughout their season. Alleghany has a unique softball his-tory, last winning State in 1996 as three-peat champions. Six of this year’s team are related to past cham-pions, which shows the passion and drive passed down from generation to generation. Even Coach Weaver is a former State MVP, striving to instill in her team the determination and confidence that she developed as a high school athlete. Congratulations to the Lady Trojans and the community that shares in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.039 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5635 June 25, 2018 
victory. It is an honor and a blessing to represent such a great community. 
f 
b2015 OFFICER NORBERT—HOUSTON POLICE DEPARTMENT (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the rain came down, the bayous and creeks rose, and the wind blew. It was as if it would never stop raining. It was Hurri-cane Harvey last September. After it was over, 55 inches of water had ham-mered the Houston area. But in the rainy haze, Officer Norbert Ramon appeared. But Officer Ramon, a 55-year-old officer of the Houston Po-lice Department, was sick. He had stage IV colon cancer. He was under-going treatment, and doctors said that he had only a few years to live. However, the 24-year veteran of the Houston Police Department jumped into the flooded aftermath of the hurri-cane despite his cancer. Officer Ramon sloshed through bacteria-filled waters, putting his own life at risk. Over the course of 4 days, he rescued 1,500 Houstonians stranded in the flood. He said: ‘‘My main concern was to help the citizens. Nothing else was on my mind. I didn’t worry about me or any-thing.’’ As the waters receded and the Texas Sun came out through the blue sky, Mr. Speaker, Officer Ramon headed back to the hospital, returning to his treatments. Despite a hard-fought bat-tle, Officer Ramon lost his fight against a cancerous invader. Taps sounded today, Mr. Speaker, as hundreds of peace officers and citizens of Houston honored the life of one of Houston’s finest. Officer Norbert Ramon stood Hous-ton strong. Mr. Speaker, they don’t make ‘em like him anymore. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
AUSTIN HABITAT FOR HUMANITY (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the selfless work that the Austin Habitat for Humanity is doing in the 25th District of Texas that I proudly represent. Over the past 30 years, they have built more than 425 homes, repaired an-other 280, and provided financial advice to over 10,000 Texans. Just last month, I had the opportunity to visit this or-ganization and meet with the great folks who operate it. The work they do here is so important, and I was inspired by their spirits and selfless attitudes. Hearing about the remarkable work they do day in and day out was ex-traordinary. They put God’s love into action by bringing people together to build homes and communities and to give hope to those who need it the most. Those who work and volunteer for Habitat for Humanity are superb peo-ple. They are compassionate and kind, and, frankly, we need more Americans just like them. Every single person deserves a decent and affordable place to live, and this organization is there to help those who are less fortunate. I encourage each and every person listening to get out there and do something for your local community. Together, we can really make this world a better place. With that being said, God bless Texas, God bless Habitat for Humanity, and God bless the United States of America. ‘‘In God We Trust.’’ f 
SUPPORT ACTIVE-DUTY PURPLE HEART RECIPIENTS (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act that just unanimously passed the House. I was proud to support it. This bill recognizes the sacrificial service of the 7,000-plus servicemen and -women who received a Purple Heart after being wounded in battle and con-tinue to serve on Active Duty. My bill, included in this passage, takes the rightful step to waive the funding fee on all VA home loans for Active-Duty Purple Heart recipients. With this bill, we will save servicemembers thousands of dollars and help their families achieve the dream of homeownership. U.S. Marine Corps Major Byron Owen, who was wounded twice in Iraq and once in Afghanistan, explained it best when he shared his experiences with my office. He said: ‘‘I was medevaced out of Iraq in 2006 and had to undergo months of therapy to return to service. Why should I have to pay 20 grand to get a VA loan when someone with a noncombat-related disability gets to waive it? Some of my friends are amputees still serving in uniform. They’re paying the funding fee. Does that seem right?’’ Major Owen, I hear you—and, no, it is not right. That is why I am proud to have introduced this bill and voted with my colleagues to support Active- Duty Purple Heart recipients with the passage of H.R. 299. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PENNSYLVANIA CONGRESS OF THE FUTURE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY ATTENDEES (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize two high school honors students from Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District chosen to represent the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania as dele-gates at the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders. The following students were selected to attend the event, which will take place June 29 to July 1 in Lowell, Mas-sachusetts: Jacob Hulse of Tidioute and Brett Kelly of Lewis Run. These outstanding students were required to achieve a 3.5 GPA to be nominated for this prestigious honors-only program by their teachers or the National Acad-emy of Future Science and Technology Leaders. The event aims to encourage and guide the top students in our country who wish to devote their lives to the sciences and technology. Chosen dele-gates represent all 50 States and Puer-to Rico. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Jacob and Brett on this tremendous accom-plishment, and I wish them the best of luck as they continue their career paths to be future leaders in the science and technology field. f 
WHAT HAPPENED TO FAMILY VALUES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) is recognized for half of the remaining time until 10 p.m. as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for allowing me to lead this critical Special Order to speak about the lack of family values demonstrated by the Trump administration and the GOP, their choice to mismanage, and to offer a counternarrative to the way-ward path they are leading us down. Black people have no permanent friends or permanent enemies or per-manent interests, as so eloquently stated by former Congressman William Lacy Clay, Sr. Mr. Speaker, the President asked Black Americans: What do you have to lose? The Congressional Black Caucus re-sponded with a document that was hand-delivered to him that is titled, ‘‘We Have a Lot to Lose.’’ Over the course of the 2016 Presi-dential election, time and time again, then-candidate Donald Trump asked the Black community a larger ques-tion: ‘‘What do you have to lose?’’ The inquiry presupposes that the ex-perience of all African Americans is destitute and that we live in fear. In fact, President Trump declared some African Americans’ communities are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.076 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5636 June 25, 2018 
worse than war zones, demonstrating a lack of understanding of both constitu-encies. The election has come and gone, and the time for the campaign calls is over. Now President Trump represents all Americans and must govern this Na-tion for the good of all Americans, whether they are Black or White, rich or poor, conservative or liberal. So as the conscience of the Congress, the voice of the 78 million Americans and 17 million African Americans, the Congressional Black Caucus is obli-gated to answer President Trump’s questions. The answer: The African Americans have a great deal to lose under the Trump administration, and we have al-ready lost a lot. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our chairman, Chairman R
ICHMOND , for al-lowing me this opportunity to conduct this Special Order. Over the next hour, we will speak about some of the issues that have faced the Congressional Black Caucus and Black people in this Nation. I say that to you because of this document I have in my hand, ‘‘We Have a Lot to Lose.’’ In this document that was pre-sented to the President of the United States, it outlines those various issues. What are we losing? Based on last week’s passage of the farm bill here in the House, we have lost benefits under the SNAP program. Thank God for the Senate, Mr. Speak-er, because the Senate has passed a dif-ferent version. I hope, Mr. Speaker, that that version will be the version that becomes the law of this land. The Senate passed a version 20–1 out of committee, and they will bring that up for a vote because, Mr. Speaker, I believe that represents better the views and values of Members of this body. I do not believe the version that we passed in the farm bill represents this body. I am disappointed that the GOP lead-ership had the unmitigated gall to bring this highly partisan and warped bill to the House floor for a second vote, posing as a farm bill. Nothing changed in the bill since the last time it came to the floor, so you have to wonder what was offered or said to those Members who voted ‘‘no’’ just a month ago to change their votes. The partisan approach of the major-ity has produced a bill that will hurt thousands of people in the city of Philadelphia and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Ag-riculture Committee, I submitted let-ters from the mayor of the city of Philadelphia. In that letter, the mayor of the city of Philadelphia laid out spe-cifically the impact that that par-ticular bill that came out of the House Agriculture Committee would have on the people of the city of Philadelphia. You are talking about affecting over 200,000 to 300,000 people in the city of Philadelphia. In the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania, 1.8 million people can be af-fected. In Montgomery County, in the county I represent, 50,000 people are af-fected. So, Mr. Speaker, it is clear that that bill that passed this House by only two votes was misguided and was heading in the wrong direction. It is also clear, Mr. Speaker, that people who are on SNAP do not fight to be on SNAP. They understand clearly about the challenges that they face. Forty-two million Americans are on SNAP. No, Mr. Speaker, those people are not fearful of work. They under-stand if there is a great opportunity available for them, they would take ad-vantage of the opportunity. I think it is clear to me, Mr. Speaker, that, again, this administration and the GOP were lacking some sense of connection to what people’s values are. As a result, you saw that vote that took place last week. It again sends us in the wrong direction. It raises serious questions about the lack of family val-ues from a party that is always talking about family values; but now, all of a sudden, Mr. Speaker, it seems like fam-ily values have gone out the window. Under this version of the farm bill, peo-ple will go hungry in my city and around the Nation. As the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities notes, the House bill breaks with the long history of bipartisan ef-forts to improve and reform SNAP. It is clear, Mr. Speaker, there were 23 hearings on the issue of SNAP, and not one single time in the 23 hearings did they suggest that there should be a dif-ferent direction in terms of SNAP. Mr. Speaker, Democrats are for work. We are very clear. Members of the Congressional Black Caucus under-stand the importance of work. We know what it means to work. But to me, Mr. Speaker, that was a wrong-headed policy in terms of the farm bill. It did not justify that action, and it should not have even gone anywhere. But as usual, Mr. Speaker, some peo-ple don’t realize the election is over. We need to work together—Democrat, Republican, conservative, liberal, who-ever it may be—because hunger is a problem, Mr. Speaker. It is not a prob-lem just in certain communities; it is a problem across this Nation. In spite of the employment numbers and in spite of what is told to us about the economy, there are a lot of people who are hungry. There are a lot of peo-ple who are left out of the process. This is not something that we should take lightly. b2030 This is something that we would rec-ognize and something we should work together on. So, Mr. Speaker, I say to you today that it is clear to me that the Repub-licans and the Trump administration have gone in the wrong direction. When you talk about the issue of families and what needs to take place, this is not about family values. I stress to you, Mr. Speaker, at the end of the day, millions of Americans who receive SNAP are consumers and are important parts of the economy who our farmers and ranchers depend on as a part of our farm and food econ-omy. Mr. Speaker, I have consistently said that food is medicine. Food is medicine and food policy is foreign policy. It is not something we should take lightly. So today, the Congressional Black Caucus is going to talk about the im-portance of values, and particularly family values, and how all of a sudden there is amnesia when it comes down to the question of values. We are saying to you today, Mr. Speaker, we want to make sure that people understand that the 42 million people who are on SNAP across this Nation are of all colors, of all races. It can happen to any of us. It is not some-thing that we should sit back and all of a sudden think that this couldn’t hap-pen to anyone. This could happen to our brothers and our sisters. And we are our brother’s and sister’s keeper. It is not something that we should just willy-nilly suddenly say to ourselves that we shouldn’t worry about. Yet, the GOP not only failed them, they failed America last week. In addition, healthcare is one of the most important issues for our country, as seen by the mass rejection of the ef-forts by the GOP to repeal the Afford-able Care Act last year. Think about this, Mr. Speaker. Healthcare. Everybody has the right to a healthy life, regardless of age, race, gender, or preexisting condition. Med-ical issues are personal matters. Whether it affects physical or mental health, it should not result in financial ruin. We all should know and recognize that it is clear that any of us can have a health episode. No one is above it. It is something that we should not take lightly. Mr. Speaker, we as the Congressional Black Caucus know and understand. And that is why we have fought so hard for healthcare. We have stressed over and over again that this, too, can hap-pen to you. We understand that, with preexisting conditions and the challenges that we have in our community of high blood pressure, diabetes, and other types of diseases, this is something we should address. We should make sure that peo-ple know and can take advantage of a healthcare system that is open and available. We should not be bank-rupting people, Mr. Speaker, on the issue of healthcare. Mr. Speaker, when the President and the GOP talk about family values, they seem to forget that when it comes down to the question of healthcare, that is something that we all should be ensuring everybody has. That is not a Democrat or Republican issue. That is an American issue. That is something right up there that we all should recog-nize that healthcare should be avail-able to everyone. When we look at it and think about it, this is something we have to work for. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.078 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5637 June 25, 2018 
There is no simple answer to dealing with the question of healthcare, but we do believe the Affordable Care Act is a great foundation. We believe that the Affordable Care Act basically laid a tone and a foundation for this entire country. As we all know, we have healthcare here in this House, in the United States Senate, and the President of the United States has healthcare. And that is provided for by the taxpayers of this country. So it is not something we should take lightly. It is something that we should all understand that health issues can affect us all. When you real-ly think about it, in terms of getting a job, how can you do that if you are not healthy? How can you take care of your family if you are not healthy? How can you do anything if you are not healthy? This is something we believe is a family value and this is something that we all have said over and again. I be-lieve healthcare is a fundamental right and not a privilege. No one should ever be afraid that taking care of their physical or mental health will cause fi-nancial hardship or be inaccessible to them for any reason. I want to repeat that again, Mr. Speaker. I believe that healthcare is a fundamental right and not a privilege. No one should ever be afraid that tak-ing care of their physical or mental health will cause financial hardship or be inaccessible to them for any reason at all. We need to think about that. We need to carefully think about exactly what that means. When we talk about it in this day and age of family values, what is more im-portant to a family than the health of the breadwinner, male or female? What is important to someone who is looking for an opportunity and they are pre-pared to go on that job? It is very important, Mr. Speaker, that under the Affordable Care Act it allowed people to stay on their parent’s healthcare until age 26. Also, the part about preexisting conditions. Don’t take that lightly, Mr. Speaker. That is something that we all could be affected by. It seems to me that over and over again in this House we seem to neglect to think about the conditions that we all face. Mr. Speaker, in healthcare, we have those moments where it can be with anyone and any condition they could be under. It is something that we should really understand and recog-nize. It is something that we shouldn’t take lightly. Healthcare is, to me, the most essen-tial issue we face today. It is some-thing that we all should be fighting for, no matter what party we come from, no matter what part of the country we come from. We should all understand what it means. I will continue to be a voice for the voiceless to ensure adequate healthcare for all. That is something I believe is extremely essential, Mr. Speaker. When I thought about giving these words, I basically said, again, we are going to speak about the lack of family values demonstrated by the Trump ad-ministration. The Trump administra-tion and the GOP talk about family values a lot. How can you talk about family values when you want to elimi-nate the SNAP program? How can you talk about family values when you want to reduce people’s healthcare? You can’t talk about family values when, in the very same breath, you are talking about destroying people’s healthcare and access to food. There is something fundamentally wrong with that. So, Mr. Speaker, I stress to you today that this is not a partisan issue. Feeding people and healthcare is not Democrat or Republican. It is not con-servative or liberal. It is something that we all need to be concerned with. If we are talking about moving Amer-ica forward, then we will move it for-ward when we bring others along. I stress this is something that we all should be concerned with. Turning to more hypocrisy from the party of family values, the Trump ad-ministration’s unilateral decision to separate migrant children from their parents at the Southern border is just the latest example of the majority party refusing to practice what it preaches. Just think abut it. Migrant children. Migrant children. Migrant children. Migrant children. I said that four times. I said that four times because I think it hasn’t gotten through. When you talk about separating chil-dren from their families, there is some-thing wrong with that, Mr. Speaker. When you talk about using that for a political purpose and you talk about using them as an example of children and families, there is something wrong with that, Mr. Speaker. That is not the kind of America we want. We do not want an America where we are going to separate children and families. Chil-dren and families should be united. We should bring them together. Mr. Speaker, when we hear the state-ment that Democrats want to basically just let anybody in the country, we know that is just for political rhetoric. Remember, I said earlier, going back to when we passed this book out that says we have a lot to lose, we said, Mr. Speaker, in the very beginning of this book, that the election is over. I understand in 132 days there will be an election. Well, let the election speak for itself, Mr. Speaker. Let the results speak for themselves. But there is no way you can talk about separating families. There is no way you can talk about separating children. There is no way that 2,300 to 2,500 children who are spread wherever they maybe, that is not the kind of America we want. That is not family values. So if you talk about reducing SNAP and you talk about reducing healthcare and you talk about separating families, there is something wrong with that, Mr. Speaker. There is something wrong when we are now at a point where we are separating families. Mr. Speaker, there have been a num-ber of Members who have gone to the various borders and seen for them-selves firsthand what is taking place. This is not the kind of America we want. For a party that professes to under-stand the importance of advancing policies that promote family values, we now have a preponderance of evidence to the contrary. I just ticked them off: SNAP, healthcare, and now separating fami-lies. If you take those three areas, there is something wrong with the con-text of talking about family values. It is clearly that whether it is an ex-cessive punitive immigration policy, changes to the free lunch program eli-gibility, proposals to cut Supplemental Security Income, or the refusal to adopt comprehensive criminal justice reform, the Republican policy agenda deliberately targets families, espe-cially those in underserved commu-nities of color. Mr. Speaker, we are, in my view, in a very challenging time. We are prob-ably, in my lifetime, in the most chal-lenging time I have ever seen. This re-quires a different kind of leadership. It requires a leadership that puts Amer-ica first. And in order to put America first, that means we must work to-gether. We must work together on a farm bill that is bipartisan and that doesn’t reduce SNAP. We must work to ensure healthcare is available. And we must be clear, Mr. Speaker, that we have an opportunity to make these things happen. So I stress to you with the things that I have just stressed, that clearly we have got a chance to do something about these things. These problems persist even in the wake of the admin-istration’s immigration policy reversal and the so-called executive order. Several members of the CBC have ex-pressed concerns about the Repub-licans’ inability to devise a coherent reunification plan for the children and parents separated by the President’s misguided policy. An American crisis is happening right now in front of us. Children, from the toddlers at the border to Dreamers losing DACA to American-born chil-dren of immigrant parents, have be-come the victims of Trump’s America. Let me repeat that. An American cri-sis is happening right now in front of us. Children, from the toddlers at the border to Dreamers losing DACA to American-born children of immigrant parents, children have become victims in Trump’s America. This is not what should be happening in America. Mr. Speaker, yes, we have our chal-lenges, but the fact of the matter is that we need to work together. So as a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, I stand here, Mr. Speaker, say-ing to you that the Congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.080 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5638 June 25, 2018 
Black Caucus is ready to work together to make a difference. The practice of punishing parents who are trying to save their children’s lives and punishing children for being brought to safety by their parents by separating them is fundamentally cruel and un-America. That should not be ac-cepted, Mr. Speaker. For this next hour, we, as members of the Congressional Black Caucus, are standing up to shine light on this situ-ation. We are determined to make sure, Mr. Speaker, that people understand that this should no longer be acceptable; we should not continue to pit this section against that section; and that we all understand, when it is all said and done, that we are in this together. Al-though, as Dr. King said, we may have come over on different boats, we are in the same boat now. That is called America—an America that is inclusive. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity denied that they were breaking the sacred bond between parents and children until The New York Times re-ported that more than 700 children have been separated from their moms and their dads since October. Family unity is recognized as a fun-damental human right enshrined in international law. The Trump adminis-tration’s proposed action to separate immigrant families flies in the face of this law. It must stop. It must stop, Mr. Speaker. The practice of sepa-rating children from parents as a deter-rent to seeking asylum is inhumane and cruel. Seeking asylum is not ille-gal. In fact, it is written into U.S. im-migration law to ensure that those with a credible fear of persecution that they can present their case. b2045 The American Academy of Pediatrics opposed DHS’s proposal that would sep-arate mothers from their children ar-riving at the border, saying that, in a time of anxiety and stress, children need to be with their parents, family members, and caregivers. I stand here tonight, on the 6-month anniversary of the tax bill. But before I speak on that, I have a colleague of mine from the great State of Texas. She has been in the forefront. I have watched her in the short period of time I have been here. When she speaks, there are many who listen to her. She is relentless. I have watched her be relentless, driven, purposeful, and focused. She is the great lady from the State of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas, Con-gresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEE. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania. There is no one to whom he can take a back seat in terms of his freshman term for his engage-ment and involvement. He has made the most eloquent statements on the floor, which show his commitment to the people of this Nation and the peo-ple of his district. Tonight is certainly an example of that, as we have come to the floor to, really, speak about children. I hope that my friends and my colleagues will fully appreciate the fact that, as we speak about children, we are speaking about everyone’s children. We are speaking about a young boy who was killed running away from law enforcement—not running toward, not creating a threat. We are thinking about children who need a better education or children who need to have a supplemental nutri-tion program or children who need to be safe from human trafficking. We are talking about children. Mr. Speaker, a week ago Monday and Sunday, I was in McAllen and Browns-ville. I was in the detention centers with the tinsel, silver-like blankets. I was in the cage-like atmosphere where human beings were kept, human beings, of course, who had fled their country and had come across the bor-der. Some might make the point that they came across illegally, but they came across and presented themselves to officials. Heretofore, that action was not a criminal action. I saw those individuals. I saw the most potent memory of what is wrong about what we are doing: mothers who were crying their hearts out for having not been able to see their children, with stories that would break your heart, stories where you were told to go into court, your children could not go with you, and you came back and your children were gone. What father, what mother could even live with themselves, knowing their child had been snatched with no infor-mation and in a—how should I say it?— deceiving manner, not a manner where you could sit and explain to Jose or Maria or little Roger, whom I held in my hands, 9 months old, fleeing with his sister because his mother is de-ceased. What do you think that sister feels? Her mother is deceased, and the 9- month-old that she was bringing, her mother’s baby, is taken away from her. And Roger cannot speak. One-year-old Leah cannot speak. None of them can speak, and they have been taken away. How dastardly, how insensitive our government appears to be. A Nation founded upon the values of humanity, freedom of religion and speech and due process. We all know the law provides anyone within our boundaries the right to due process. But, no. We are, in fact, doing what Bishop Daniel E. Flores of the diocese of Brownsville said: We are acting, by separating immigrant parents and chil-dren as a deterrent, on a cruel and rep-rehensible policy. Reverend Bishop Michael Curry said: For Christians, Jesus of Nazareth is a standard of conduct for your life. He tells us to love God and to love thy neighbor. I would say almost every religion speaks about love, speaks about fam-ily—not in the way that the United States Attorney General used and abused the New Testament, by citing Roman 13, to submit to rulers, to jus-tify the child separation policy, before he was completely undermined and em-barrassed by a fake executive order that was signed by the President of the United States. I say that because that term has be-come part of our language. I have never used it before, but it was an appro-priate description of an executive order that will last for only 20 days and will not have any answer for us going for-ward. We don’t have any legislation. Our legislation to solve this problem intro-duced by Mr. NADLER and the Judiciary Committee Democrats and all of us, welcoming anyone else who would like to sign, would get to the immediate concern of not having a separation of these children and, also, ending the zero-tolerance program, which has cre-ated this unjust situation. Let me indicate to you that all of the medical professionals, including Alicia Lieberman with the Early Trauma Treatment Network at the University of California said: Decades of studies show early separations can cause per-manent emotional damage. ‘‘Children are biologically programmed to grow best in the care of a parent figure.’’ Members who have visited have said they walked into rooms with 300 chil-dren, and they were absolutely silent. They were frightened. Toddlers. Who among us who have had toddlers in their home, from our own children to those of us fortunate enough to have grandbabies, like mine—like Roy III and Ellison—have ever seem them sit still? These children were in total fear and apprehension. This is what we are cre-ating. This is not the America we love. It is noted that the activity in the children’s brains was much lower than expected. If you think of a brain as a light bulb, it is as though there was a dimmer that has reduced them from a 100-watt bulb to a 30-watt bulb. This is what happens. Children who have been separated from their par-ents, in their first 2 years like little Roger, who is 9 months old, their IQ may go down. So we are on the floor today, and I am glad to be with Chairman R
ICHMOND  of the Congressional Black Caucus. We believe in speaking out on the issues that impact all of humanity. And this is the sin that we are in the midst of. Do you realize that the only numbers that these children and parents are getting are the aid numbers? Someone says there is a number at Health and Human Services. None of us have seen it. I am demanding a full inventory of every single child that we allege that we have who was separated and snatched from their family members, who are in foster care or some deten-tion center, as well as the 10,000 unac-companied children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.082 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5639 June 25, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, do you realize that I have been here long enough that I was down on the border 4 years ago when the massive numbers of unaccompanied children came to the United States? Then, we put these boys and girls, as unaccompanied children, in this vast industry of foster care and centers. They are still there. Can anyone who believes in a higher power want to accept that? Even as clean as these places may be, Mr. Speaker, do you know that these care-takers working in these nonprofits, that they cannot touch the children? They cannot hold the children. They cannot comfort a crying toddler. They are told not to touch these children. Do you realize that we are in one of the worst, or largest, refugee crises in the world. That is why we are receiving these people. It is going up 67 percent all over the world because people are fleeing devastation and crises in their countries. That is what is happening in Honduras, with the largest number of murders in the world. El Salvador. Guatemala has a million people dis-placed. Yet, our government would suggest that they cannot seek asylum for do-mestic violence or gangs or fleeing a place that has volcano ash that has dis-placed a million people in a small country? Where is our mercy? That is why we are on the floor today. We are on the floor today be-cause of, as I indicated, the horrible, horrific impact on children. ‘‘Reuniting and Detaining Migrant Families Pose New Mental Health Risks,’’ says The New York Times. I want to just add these points to your discussion that we have faced. Some of these children, Mr. Speaker, are in foster care. We know that there are American children in foster care. We know that there are families who are trying to get back on their feet. They want their children. There is a love for those children. But they have had to be moved out. The worst thing—I have had these calls to my office—is a mother’s paren-tal rights to be extinguished unfairly when she was trying to get herself to-gether, maybe economically, maybe trying to get off drugs. We feel the pain of that mother, that American mother. How would you like to be a Guate-malan mother—this happened in 2012— who was arrested on immigration charges and lost custody of her son, who was then adopted by a Missouri couple over her objection. The judge who initially terminated the mother’s parental rights found that, should she be deported, the chance that she might try to return to get her child would render her an unfit parent. I feel like I am in a nightmare. Your child is snatched away from you at the border. They go into foster care. Some good-intending people—I don’t want to condemn the adoptive parents, good-in-tending people. I don’t know who gave them the au-thority that this was an available child. These children are in foster care around the Nation. They are every-where. We don’t know which way they are, to be honest with you. They get in foster care and some— maybe I’ll say—well-intentioned foster care notifies someone and said: ‘‘We have a child for you to adopt.’’ And your rights are quashed. I am feeling pain right now. I can’t even imagine it: I have fallen upon hard times. My State children’s protec-tive services takes my child. I make a commitment to get my life back to-gether, and my child is lost to me for-ever. This is an amazing scenario that we are in. I want to read this last thing and then speak very quickly about our family values. This is from an immigrant mother: My child was snatched from me and separated from me one day after I was arrested. Again, I want to end the arrests, the zero tolerance. They are presenting themselves for asylum. They should have the right to go through the legal process. Then they should have the right to counsel, due process. And they should have the right to be able to be released. Now, there will be a great deal of ire and humor for some on this point. That is because they don’t understand. We had a case management program that was 90-plus percent positive on the re-turn of those individuals, those fami-lies, for their court date. This adminis-tration defunded it. It was a case management program. They followed those families, put them on the electronic bracelet, and they re-turned. They did not escape. They did not remain in the United States with-out coming to court and getting a de-termination. So this mother was separated. This is a court case, thank goodness, that was filed on June 22: ‘‘I have been able to speak to my child only three times and only for approximately 5 minutes each time since we were separated. My son isn’t able to give me much information about his circumstances because he is too young and too upset to understand what is happening.’’ She doesn’t know where he is. He doesn’t know where she is. ‘‘Every time we talk, he only wants to know when he will see me again, so it is hard for him to focus on anything else.’’ Just like I said, we are diminishing his capacity. We are creating a situa-tion of undermining his intellectual growth, his psychological growth, all of this. ‘‘There have been a few times he said that he had a nosebleed. I told him to tell someone if he is feeling sick, but he is too scared to tell anyone.’’ That is why you went into a room of toddlers and nobody was moving. No-body was moving. No toddler was even moving. ‘‘He says that he is scared to report any type of mistreatment or health issue because the other children have told him that children who report things get sent to another place.’’ I have legislation that I am intro-ducing, and I hope my colleagues, Re-publicans and Democrats, will extend the temporary protected status for Sal-vadorans, Hondurans, and, as well, Guatemalans. We want to give them TPS on the basis of the volcano. b2100 Why? Because this administration has ended it. It will end in 2019. These people are fleeing violence, and you will be sending those here who are working, contributing, and paying taxes—before we can try to regularize or find a way for them to access sta-tus—you will be sending them back to murderous countries in the largest cri-sis of refugee movement in the history of our time. You will be sending them back. Where is our mercy? Then you want to add to that the fact that we have an administration and a Congress that is making changes to school free lunches. These are for our children already here. Making eligibility proposed cuts to Supplemental Security Income, SSI, many children, that is their lifeline. If something happens to their parent, they have SSI. The refusal to adopt comprehensive criminal justice reform, I am a stead-fast supporter of good law enforcement. They are part of the legal and law and order structure, but they are also part of the human rights and civil rights structure of this Nation. It is impor-tant that we have the collegiality, the comity, the communications, and the friendship, actually, between police and community. It is difficult when there are mothers who are African Americans who believe that their Black boys are more apt to be shot by law enforcement, as a young man was just shot a few days ago in Pennsylvania. This is not a condemna-tion of law enforcement. It is to work to make the system better and to save lives. So we are interested in criminal jus-tice reform. But, of course, that is not moving in the direction we would like. I would like it to be moving in a non-partisan manner to save lives. The GOP chose to cut $150 billion over a decade from various safety net programs: Medicare; cash assistance programs, like Temporary Assistance for Needy Families; again, as I said, SSI; and healthcare. Republicans are suing the govern-ment to eliminate the preexisting con-dition requirement for insurance car-riers. I am almost speechless. I cannot believe that. I was here for the Afford-able Care Act. We laid ourselves on the line to fight for all of those who came to us in hearings, pleading: I have asth-ma. I have acne. I am pregnant. I have diabetes. I have sickle cell. And I have not been able to get insurance. Here we are taking away that lifeline that was a valuable asset to the healthcare of the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.084 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5640 June 25, 2018 
The farm bill, cutting $23 billion that resulted in 400,000 households losing SNAP—our children, here in the United States—the supplemental nutrition program, thousands of children losing reduced meals. Do you know, right now, Mr. Speak-er, out of the U.S. Department of Agri-culture, my Houston parks department is serving three meals a day to children who would not eat but for this program of the U.S. Department of Agri-culture—three meals a day to hungry children. There is hunger in America, but we are making it worse. What about the $1.9 trillion tax cut? Do you realize that I go around in my community and beyond and people ask me: ‘‘What happened with the tax cut?’’ They don’t have any impact from the tax cut. There is no increase in wages. Bonuses are not anything that anybody remembers because only a few people got them. This is the pay-more- for-less tax cut, massive tax cuts and a lot of money going to individuals who already have money. This is Robin Hood in reverse. This bill is unprecedented and breathtaking in its audacity. It is mak-ing rich people richer. It is a scheme. And by taking insurance away from 24 million people, raising costs for the poor and middle class, these are ques-tions of whether family values exist in this Nation. As Judge Learned Hand observed: ‘‘If we are to keep our democracy, there must be one commandment: Thou shalt not ration justice.’’ So I would ask that my colleagues join me, as I asked in the Women’s Caucus hearing just a few minutes ago, that we secure a count of every single child held in captivity. That means an immigrant child who was snatched away from their family or an unaccom-panied child. There are thousands. Where are they? I would also ask that Members be aware that these facilities are being brought into our districts with no no-tice to us as Members of Congress. These facilities are being paid for by Federal tax dollars, and the tax dollars of my constituents, in particular, in Houston, Texas. They have given no notice to local officials. We were not even aware that they were coming. The site that is about to be seeking to be opened is in a concrete area. It is very difficult for any of us to see where these children would play and recreate. So we wonder: How we are going to treat children who are going to be thrown into these facilities with no ac-cess to what children need? Then this ending of the temporary protected status, I ask my colleagues to join me on the legislation that I will be introducing for a 2-year extension, so that these individuals are not thrown into the devastation that will make them refugees, because they will be coming back, and they are now con-tributing citizens. What do you do with a country that has a million people displaced, like in Guatemala? What do you do when we say that we are supposed to have val-ues, and not only are we treating par-ents who are deeply pained—poorly, reprehensibly, and inhumane—by snatching their children, or not seek-ing to reunite those children who came unaccompanied? When I say that, obvi-ously, not reunite them into a bad situ-ation, but document—they are just being held in these institutions, 10,000 of them. They are just being held. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for being particularly gracious and yielding. I want to have paid tribute in my words to little Roger in Brownsville, Texas, and little Leah in Brownsville, Texas, a 9-month-old and a 1-year-old. Even if they go to foster care, that is not their relative or their parent. Which of their parents will have their parental rights extinguished against their will and, unfortunately, have one of our courts say it is a right decision? Which of these people will be denied due process, because we have words from this administration that say: I want no lawyers or courts. I want Bor-der Patrol and ICE? Those are not judges and juries. That is not a component of due process. Law enforcement has its role, and then the judiciary has its role, and the rights of these individuals warrant that. Mr. Speaker, I close with Ephesians 4:30–32: ‘‘Be kind to one another, ten-derhearted, forgiving each other, just as God in Christ also has forgiven you.’’ And Galatians 5:22–23: ‘‘But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, pa-tience, kindness, goodness, faithful-ness, gentleness, self-control; against such things there is no law.’’ There could be no law against being humane to these children. I am grateful to the Congressman for his leadership in the Congressional Black Caucus. We are not only talking about domestic issues here in the United States, but we have extended ourselves to talk about the pain that is transpiring in these mothers and fa-thers right now, at 9:10 p.m. eastern time, in these detention centers, with-out their children. Mr. Speaker, over the last many weeks, the country has been horrified by the sights and sounds of children being separated from their parents, and Americans aghast at the realiza-tion that families are being torn apart in their name. When I visited the border and the federal detention facilities that housed parents and children quarantined from one another, what I witnessed was horrific and was echoed in heartbreaking audio recordings released by the press revealing children crying, aching for their parents, as all face a fate uncertain, and one inconsistent with the American ideal. I will never forget the little children I met during my visit to the border. One baby, 9-month-old Roger, had been taken from his 19-year-old sister after she was prosecuted for crossing the border illegally. Their mother is dead, now their family is gone. This crisis is not just an immigration matter, nor is it just a foreign policy matter. It is a hu-manitarian crisis, executed by an administra-tion that purports to be the champion of ‘‘fam-ily values’’ but whose actions do not actually value families. But the President’s attempt at attacking chil-dren and their caretakers is not one that only pertains to asylum seekers at the borders. For the entirety of his term, the President and his administration have relentlessly tar-geted communities of color and the programs they have previously benefitted from. This includes changes to school free lunch program eligibility, proposed cuts to Supple-mental Security Income, the refusal to adopt comprehensive criminal justice reforms, one thing after another. Just last week, the GOP chose to cut $150 billion over a decade from various safety net programs which include Medicare and cash assistance programs like Temporary Assist-ance for Needy Families and Supplemental Security Income. And the House farm bill that Republicans passed, and which Democrats were unani-mously in opposition to, will result in some 400,000 households losing SNAP benefits. As well, thousands of children would also risk losing their enrollment in free and re-duced-price school meal programs because of this. The President and GOP have promised for years now to create a plan to improve health insurance for everybody. But that promise has not been kept. By passing a nearly $1.9 trillion tax law and repealing the Affordable Care Act’s individual mandate, Republicans will increase health care premiums on children and families. According to the CBO, 4 million more peo-ple will be without health insurance by 2019. By 2027, 13 million more people will be unin-sured. Families’ premiums will also increase by nearly 10 percent on average per year over the next decade. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) has signifi-cantly improved the availability, affordability, and quality of health care for tens of millions of Americans, including millions who pre-viously had no health insurance at all. Americans are rightly frightened by Repub-lican attempts to repeal the ACA without hav-ing in place a superior new plan that maintains comparable coverages and comparable con-sumer choices and protections. It is beyond dispute that the ‘‘Pay More For Less’’ plan proposed by House Republicans a few months ago fails this test miserably. The Republican ‘‘Pay More For Less Act’’ is a massive tax cut for the wealthy, paid for on the backs of America’s most vulnerable, the poor and working class households. This ‘‘Robin Hood in reverse’’ bill is unprec-edented and breathtaking in its audacity—no bill has ever tried to give so much to the rich while taking so much from the poor and work-ing class. This Republican scheme gives gigantic tax cuts to the rich, and pays for it by taking insur-ance away from 24 million people and raising costs for the poor and middle class. It is despicable and shameful that those elected to serve their people would rather see their pockets full than their constituents healthy and well. An Administration that cared about ‘‘family values’’ would not be working so hard to re-peal a healthcare program that has insured 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.086 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5641 June 25, 2018 
nine out of ten Americans and saved families with genetic diseases and pre-existing condi-tions thousands of dollars in debt. In 1968, African Americans were about 5.4 times as likely as whites to be in prison or jail; compared to today, African Americans are 6.4 times as likely as whites to be incarcerated, which is especially troubling given that whites are also much more likely to be incarcerated now than they were in 1968. It is clear the inequalities and disparities that ignited hundreds of American cities in the 1960s still exist and have not been eliminated over the last half-century. As Judge Learned Hand observed, ‘‘If we are to keep our democracy, there must be one commandment: thou shalt not ration justice.’’ Reforming the criminal justice system so that it is fairer and delivers equal justice to all persons is one of the great moral imperatives of our time. For reform to be truly meaningful, we must look at every stage at which our citizens inter-act with the system—from policing in our com-munities and the first encounter with law en-forcement, to the charging and manner of at-taining a conviction, from the sentence im-posed to reentry and collateral consequences. The need for meaningful prison and sen-tencing reform cannot be overstated because being the world’s leader in incarceration is nei-ther morally nor fiscally sustainable for the United States, or the federal government, the nation’s largest jailer. For individuals who have paid their debt, the reentry process is paved with tremendous, and often insurmountable, obstacles resulting in recidivism rates as high as 75 percent in some areas. More must be done to ensure that the em-phasis on incarceration is matched with an equal emphasis on successful reentry so that the approximately 630,000 individuals who re-enter society each year are prepared to be successful in civilian life. This is why I have also strongly supported and cosponsored legislation that will allow those with a criminal conviction to have a fair chance to compete for jobs with federal agen-cies and contractors. I have also been working for many years to stop the over-criminalization of our young peo-ple. Today, more and more young children are being arrested, incarcerated, and detained in lengthy out-of-home placements. Harsh and lengthy penalties handed down to young offenders increase their risk of be-coming physically abused, emotionally trauma-tized, and reduce their chance of being suc-cessfully reintegrated back into their commu-nities. I have introduced and supported legislation to help reform how youth and juveniles are treated to reduce contact and recidivism within the juvenile and criminal justice system; to help protect them from a system that turns them into lifelong offenders. Just as we need to minimize the conviction of innocent people, we must address the un-necessary loss of life that can result from po-lice and civilian interactions. Effective law enforcement requires the con-fidence of the community that the law will be enforced impartially and equally. That confidence has been eroded substan-tially in recent years by numerous instances of excessive use of lethal force. There is no higher priority than improving the peacefulness of these interactions and re-building the trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve and protect. At what point will Republicans step away from the tyrant of their party and make changes that will actually benefit the commu-nities they represent, to stop fighting the disenfranchised and instead fight FOR the disenfranchised? Now more than ever, the Trump Administra-tion and the GOP have shown how inhumane they are when it comes to dealing with marginalized individuals. This has become crystal clear in the span of two weeks when the public was finally made aware of the policies in place at our Southern borders. While the President purported to end the practice of separating families with his Execu-tive Order signed on Wednesday, thousands of children have been torn apart from their families and sent to various pockets of the country, often under cover of night, without any indication to their parents as to their whereabouts, or a plan to reunite them. In my home state of Texas, a migrant who was separated from his family committed sui-cide while in federal detention. A mother who, while breastfeeding her young child when both were in federal deten-tion, had her child ripped away from her arms. This cannot be how we make America great again; this is how we make America hateful again. The Trump Administration is utterly failing in its basic duty to treat all persons with dignity and compassion, and is making a mockery of our national values and reputation as a cham-pion of human rights. We are a great country with a long and noble tradition of providing sanctuary to the persecuted and oppressed. We are also a nation of families, from all shapes and sizes. From the 16-year-old girl and her single mom who desperately depend on the benefits SNAP provides. To the 19-year-old girl who must now be-come the sole guardian for her baby brother, in a country she prays will offer her peace and refuge (and return her brother to her). It is in that spirit that we should act. It is for them that we must all stand together in the face of injustice. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a copy of an Op-Ed entitled ‘‘We Must Cease the In-humane Practice of Separating Families Ap-prehended on the Border’’ in The Hill news-paper. 
WE MUST CEASE THE INHUMANE PRACTICE OF  
SEPARATING FAMILIES APPREHENDED ON THE  
BORDER  [From The Hill, June 12, 2018] (BY REP. SHEILA JACKSON LEE (D- TEXAS), OPINION CONTRIBUTOR) Every day hundreds of persons, ranging from infants and toddlers to adolescents and adults, flee violence, oppression, and eco-nomic desperation from Guatemala, Hon-duras and El Salvador, seeking safe harbor in the United States. They are not criminals or terrorists; they are refugees seeking asylum. While they hope to receive asylum, none of us expected that they would be treated as criminals or that their children would be forcibly separated from them. I cannot think of a situation more devastating than having the government forcibly separate a parent from their child to a place unknown, for a fate uncertain, absent any form of commu-nication. But shamefully that is exactly what is happening under this administration. Reports indicate that as many as 700 chil-dren have been taken from adults claiming to be their parents since October 2017, in-cluding more than 100 children under the age of 4. This startling fact comes after Acting Assistant Secretary Steven Wagner of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Serv-ices (HHS) testified before the Senate in April 2018 that during a review of more than 7,600 unaccompanied immigrant children who had recently arrived and been placed with a sponsor, officials at the agency were unable to determine the precise whereabouts of 1,475 children. This is unconscionable and unacceptable. This administration’s practice of sepa-rating children from their parents inexplicably turns accompanied children into unaccompanied children, with all of the attendant risks and dangers, including human trafficking. In 2014, the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations reported that ‘‘over a period of 4 months, HHS alleg-edly placed a number of UACs in the hands of a ring of human traffickers who forced them to work on egg farms in and around Marion, Ohio. The minor victims were forced to work six or seven days a week, twelve hours per day. The traffickers repeatedly threatened the victims and their families with physical harm, and even death, if they did not work or surrender their entire paychecks.’’ What is even more reprehensible is to this day, the Trump administration maintains that the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) is not legally responsible for children after they are released from ORR care. This line of thinking allows such gross negligence to take place in the first place. As the Founder and Chair of the Congressional Chil-dren’s Caucus and as a parent and grand-parent, this is unacceptable. Studies have documented that when young children are traumatically removed from their parents, their physical and mental health and well-being suffers. The effects of these traumatic experiences—especially in children who have already faced serious ad-versity are unlikely to be short-lived, and can likely last a lifetime. This is exacer-bated when the child in custody speaks a language that is not English or Spanish. Al-though the government has a legal obliga-tion to provide reasonable language services to unaccompanied minors, many children ar-riving to the U.S. speak indigenous lan-guages and have little or no translation as-sistance provided by the U.S. government. The Trump administration’s ‘‘zero-toler-ance’’ policy does not make our nation safer or more secure, nor is it a solution to the problem of illegal immigration and refugees seeking asylum. It is, however, monstrously cruel, inhumane, and shameful and makes a mockery of America’s reputation as the most welcoming and generous nation on earth. United Nations Office spokesperson Ravina Shamdasani recently condemned the Trump administration’s treatment of unaccom-panied minors coming to the United States saying that ‘‘the use of immigration deten-tion and family separation as a deterrent runs counter to human rights standards and principles’’. The last time this nation had policies that promoted the forcible separation of children from newly arrived persons was slavery: a dark chapter in this nation’s history that we should not revisit. Today, the parents of these thousands of children will not be de-terred from finding ways to reunite with their children, even reentering the United States under the threat of imprisonment. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.044 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5642 June 25, 2018 
would be unconscionable to prosecute par-ents under these circumstances. There must be strong and aggressive congressional over-sight of this administration’s immigration enforcement. The Trump administration’s policy should cease and desist immediately. National Pol-icy regarding immigration legislation should not create greater fear for families already traumatized by intolerable conditions in their home countries. U.S. immigration pol-icy should not deter refugees from seeking asylum within our borders. We should wel-come mothers carrying their babies to a safe haven and assure the safety of their children. I will soon be introducing legislation pro-hibiting the separation of children from their families absent a health or safety risk. The legislation will also provide that these children the right to be represented by coun-sel and that translation services be available at all legal proceedings at all stages. As we have seen with the recent volcanic activity and earthquakes in Guatemala, the United States should be seeking ways to help its neighbors in the Southern Hemisphere. The Trump administration is utterly failing in its basic duty to treat all persons with dignity and compassion. Rather, it is making a mockery of our national values and reputa-tion as a champion of human rights. This crisis is not just an immigration mat-ter, nor is it just a foreign policy matter. It is a humanitarian crisis, executed by an ad-ministration that purports to be the cham-pion of ‘family values’ but whose actions do not actually value families. We are a great country with a long and noble tradition of providing sanctuary to the persecuted and oppressed. And it is in that spirit that we should act. We can do it; after all, we are Americans. 
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, can you tell me how much time I have remain-ing? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 1
3⁄4minutes remain-ing. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask one quick question then. Ms. J
ACKSON LEEhas visited some of these locations. Can she describe—be-cause I haven’t been there, or maybe for people who haven’t—exactly what is going on in those centers. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is a painful experience, as I indicated. Toddlers don’t speak. They are stand-ing still, as has been evidenced by Members who have gone. I saw two lit-tle babies. Leah, a little older, fussy, playing on the floor, didn’t want any-one to touch her. And Roger wanted someone to touch him. Mothers in cages, other mothers in a detention center in Los Fresno, nine of them from Honduras, each and every one had a child taken, and they were crying. But the crux of this is that they don’t know where the child is, and the child does not know where they are. These centers are being put up. One that already exists in my community has been charged with abusing chil-dren: throwing them down on the floor and giving them medication that they do not want; in essence, giving them medication to keep them quiet. I know there are good people—every-one wants to talk about good people in their own State—but these are inhu-mane conditions. The greatest pain that I can say that you would see is men and women who are on the verge of deportation, they don’t know what is happening, but they don’t have their children. They are going back without their children. Then you also see these large ware-houses with thousands of little kids from 10 to 17, but they have been there for a while. They are unaccompanied children, and we have no accounting of these children. That is what we are seeing. That is, I think, a shame on this government, and we can do better. We have been a refuge for refugees. There is a way to orderly do this. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I want to end with that comment by the great gentlewoman from the State of Texas on Chairman RICHMOND ’s leadership of the Congressional Black Caucus. There is no better way to end than that com-ment. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, House Republicans continue to profess that ‘‘family values’’ form the bedrock of their decision making. Yet, time and time again there is action being taken to the con-trary. We have seen that the same ‘‘family val-ues’’ that Republicans claim to have are not evident in the debates here on the floor, the legislation brought forth, and ultimately what is voted on in Congress. Whether the topic is food nutrition for our children, Supplemental Security Income bene-fits for older Americans, or immigration poli-cies, the average American family does not stand to benefit from many of the proposals considered by my Republican colleagues. Even when it comes down to the physical well-being of our citizens, Republicans have shown through their actions that they value profits more than lowering the cost of health care for millions of Americans. In fact, the re-cent corporate tax bill passed by the Repub-lican party is have directly associated with a 15% spike in premiums at the expense of middle- and working-class Americans. The nonpartisan CBO also reported that another 3 million will be pushed off their coverage alto-gether. I have even greater concerns as to how House Republicans are strengthening families while the GOP Farm Bill that passed last week will kick at least 2 million people off food stamps, and cut total food stamp benefits by more than $23 billion. Meanwhile, Republicans refused to include limits on subsidies provided for crop insurance—one of the few federal programs without eligibility caps or payment limits. Moreover, Supplemental Security In-come is truly a provider of last resort and is vital for those who depend on it, yet my col-leagues continue to impose devastating cuts to a program that benefits our most vulner-able. On the immigration front, Republicans are unwilling to allow migrant families to re-main together and are instead separating them at our southern border. Mr. Speaker, these are just a few examples of how what we do here impacts millions of families all across the country. I believe many of my colleagues will agree with me that strong families form the foundation of a strong nation. Any decision on policy, whether eco-nomic or social, should be made to the overall benefit of the everyday American family. How-ever, we must be extremely careful not to do so at the expense of millions of middle and lower class Americans who are already strug-gling to get by. f 
TAX REFORM BENEFITS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from In-diana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) is recognized until 10 p.m. as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today with a number of my colleagues from Indiana and Ohio, the great Midwest, to celebrate the 6- month anniversary of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act being signed into law. Our previous tax code was written more than 30 years ago and became broken, outdated, and overly com-plicated, and desperately needed to be reworked so Americans could receive much-needed relief. It was failing to support families with the resources they need in order to properly plan for their futures. Our tax code left those who were struggling to make ends meet behind. But on December 22, 2017, that began to change when the President signed H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, into law. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act cut the individual tax rates for all individuals, allowing Americans to keep more of their hard-earned paychecks. It also slashed our corporate tax rate to en-sure American businesses can remain competitive and compete on a global scale. H.R. 1 also included provisions to support the most important engines of our economy: small businesses. By al-lowing businesses to fully write off the cost of new equipment in the first year, our updated and revamped tax code provides small businesses more money up front to quickly reinvest back into improving their operations, hiring new workers, and increasing pay and/or bo-nuses of current workers. In 6 short months, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is already working for those who need it most, our country’s hard-working middle class families and workers, allowing Americans across the country, and in Indiana, to keep more of their income. For the typical family of four nation-wide earning the median family income of $73,000, with this new law, they will now receive a tax cut of $2,059. In the Fifth District of Indiana—central Indi-ana, which I represent—the average 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.045 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5643 June 25, 2018 
family of four is saving even more than that, at about $2,590, and the average single person is saving about $1,716 dol-lars. These savings allow people to put money aside for things like continued education; payments toward a new home; and, overall, provide relief by making the cost of living just that much more manageable. Additionally, more than $4 billion in bonuses have been given out to employ-ees all across the country—$4 billion. Our Nation’s unemployment has fallen to the lowest in 17 years, an unemploy-ment rate of 3.8 percent as of May of this year. b2115 Market confidence is also high. Our economy is booming, with 63 percent of small businesses saying they feel opti-mistic about the direction of our econ-omy and 77 percent of manufacturers are planning on hiring new employees. This is good news, because when our economy grows, everyone benefits. A constituent of mine from Pen-dleton, who owns a restaurant, re-cently told me that instead of having to shut down for several days for re-pairs when a vital piece of his kitchen equipment broke, he was able to pur-chase a newer, more efficient model and remain open thanks to the new ex-pensing provisions in the tax law. I also heard from a Hoosier who came to D.C. with NFIB who is now able to provide his employees health insurance thanks to the savings he has seen through the savings for small busi-nesses resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This critical benefit has helped him retain workers—he, I recall, had eight employees—and is allowing him to recruit even better talent to further grow his operations. These stories are just two of millions from across the country showing just how much tax reform changes people’s lives for the better and will provide certainty and optimism for much brighter futures. Still more good news is to come as Americans file their taxes next April for the first time using the new sys-tem. Mr. Speaker, I am really pleased that I have several colleagues here both from Indiana and from Ohio who have come to share their stories about their constituents and the good things that are happening in their districts. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
ANKS ). Mr. B ANKS  represents Indiana’s northeastern Third District and is serving in his first term in Congress. I thank Con-gressman B
ANKS for being here. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Chairwoman B
ROOKS , for her attention to the posi-tive effects of tax cuts on our Nation’s economy, especially back home in Indi-ana. Mr. Speaker, when this body was de-bating the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we were told that 3 percent growth was impossible. We were told that the mid-dle class and small businesses would not see any benefits. And we were told that manufacturing jobs would never come back. Mr. Speaker, all of these so-called ex-perts were dead wrong. Since December, the U.S. economy has been growing at 2.9 percent and the Atlanta Federal Reserve bank esti-mates that growth this quarter will ex-ceed 4 percent. This is hardly the ‘‘secular stagna-tion’’ that so many on the left insisted was the inescapable future for the U.S. economy. The bottom line is this: the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has unleashed record growth by lowering taxes on America’s families and businesses. When I am back home in northeast Indiana, I am constantly hearing good news as a result of tax reform. In Bluffton, 20/20 Plastics is increas-ing annual wages by $1,200 and looking to invest in new manufacturing facili-ties in 2019. In Fort Wayne, Quake Manufacturing is adding $1,000 bonuses and dental in-surance for its employees. Hoosiers across northeast Indiana have experienced the benefits just from turning on their lights, as Northern In-diana Public Service Company re-quested that customers’ utility rates be lowered. It is no secret why this is happening: Washington is taking a page out of In-diana’s playbook. During my time as a State senator, I was proud to work with Governors Mitch Daniels and MIKEPENCE to sig-nificantly lower taxes on individuals and businesses. As a result, Indiana has one of the strongest economies in the country, with an unemployment rate of 3.2 per-cent and a labor force participation rate well above the national average. Unemployment claims are at a his-toric low, and Indiana consistently ranks as one of the top States for busi-ness investment and economic growth. For example, the annual report ‘‘Rich States/Poor States’’ ranks Indi-ana as having the country’s third best economic outlook, while CNBC has consistently ranked the Hoosier state as one of the best places in the country to do business. Finally, Indiana continues to be a manufacturing powerhouse, with 536,000 Hoosiers employed in the indus-try, and this number will only grow thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Monthly manufacturing job gains have more than doubled under Repub-lican control, with over two-thirds of manufacturers creating new jobs to fill. Even more impressive, 86 percent of manufacturing firms plan to increase capital investments thanks to the tax cuts passed by Republicans. As the district with the most manu-facturing workers in the country, this is great news for Hoosiers as companies across northeast Indiana are hiring more employees and increasing wages. Additionally, 47 percent of U.S. small businesses plan to use their tax savings to increase business investments. We know from the data that there is a 99 percent correlation between busi-ness investment and wages, and there is no question that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has spurred business invest-ment. This was the largest increase of wages since mid-2009. Mr. Speaker, some have said the good news has amounted to crumbs and have promised to undo all of the gains we have seen from tax reform. We owe it to the American people to make sure that that does not happen, but instead, we need to make these tax cuts permanent. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield to the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ), who rep-resents the Ninth Congressional Dis-trict in southern Indiana. He is a gen-tleman who has done business for many years. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for hosting this very important Special Order, and I am so glad that we are talking about the tremendous benefits that we have seen from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed just over 6 months ago. During the last 6 months, we have heard a lot of impressive statistics about the national economy. We have heard about unemployment being down to 3.8 percent. We have heard about second quarter GDP being projected at in excess of 4 percent. We have heard about there being more available jobs than there are available workers in this country for the first time since the Labor Department has been keeping that statistic. It is really impressive what the na-tional economy has been doing over the past 6 months, but what matters most to me and what matters most to Hoo-siers back home in the Ninth District is, what it is doing for them; what it is doing for their small businesses; what it is doing for their pocketbooks; what it is doing for their families; and what it is doing for their communities. In Ellettsville, Joe said: 
Per month, my wife and I alone will re-ceive over $200, and for our family, that real-ly helps us out. That is groceries for an en-tire week. 
Down in New Albany, Will said: 
As a small businessowner, I am now able to invest more in our company and employ more qualified people. 
These are just two stories of what I hear day in and day out when I am traveling about the district. When I go to townhalls, I hear about the tax reform. When I go to small businesses, I hear about the tax reform. When I go and visit families at their farms, I hear about tax reform’s im-pact. I want to ensure that we continue to see the impressive national statistics, but also continue to hear the great sto-ries about how this bill, how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, made a difference in individual Hoosiers’ lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.089 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5644 June 25, 2018 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman from south-ern Indiana for sharing. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ). He is from central southern Ohio’s 15th District. He is a dedicated soldier. I under-stand Mr. S
TIVERS has been a long time in the Army National Guard, actually over 30 years, and is now a brigadier general in the Ohio Army National Guard. I thank him for that service and ask that he please share with us the stories he has been hearing about how it has been impacting those in the Buckeye State. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Indiana, the Chair of the House Ethics Committee, for putting together this Special Order so we can talk about what is going on with tax reform. Mr. Speaker, the numbers don’t lie. Tax reform is growing our economy and providing more opportunities for all Americans. It has been just over 6 months since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law, and we are al-ready seeing results. First and foremost, our economy is growing at nearly 4 percent, a remark-able number, despite the Congressional Budget Office’s pessimistic prediction of only 1.9 percent growth. When I started in Congress in 2011, unemployment was 9 percent. Due largely to our tax reform and regu-latory reform, our business community is now creating jobs. Unemployment has fallen to 3.8 percent, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, an 18- year low. Moreover, not only are businesses hiring, but they are reinvesting in their employees. They are giving Americans more money in their pock-et. In fact, 4 million workers and counting have received bonuses and seen more money sent to their 401(k)s, and 90 percent of Americans have more money in their paychecks as a result of tax reform. I am seeing the benefits across my district, with companies such as Na-tionwide Insurance, R+L Carriers, eCycle, and Fifth Third Bank giving bonuses, pay raises, and raising con-tributions to retirement. These benefits are real and make a tangible difference for hardworking families in the 15th District and it has given them an opportunity to reinvest in their future. The economy is booming, and people are noticing. Consumer confidence is at an 18-year high. We are seeing wage growth, a pay raise for the American worker, for many of them for the first time in 10 years. We were also told that the tax bill would hurt the housing market; how-ever, home prices are surging. Accord-ing to the S&P, the home price index has increased 6.5 percent. The statistics and stories go on and on, but, Mr. Speaker, you just can’t deny the numbers. Tax reform is work-ing for the 15th District, it is working for the State of Ohio, and it is working for America. What I have heard from some of my constituents: Carolyn in Grover City, who is a budding entrepreneur, is using her tax cut to start a small business. Tamela in Amanda says that it just helps her breathe easier having a little extra money in her pocket, knowing that the government is taking a little bit smaller bite. She has got a little bit more money to make things balance. It has only been 6 months since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act took effect, and I look forward to seeing how Ohioans and Americans continue to benefit. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for his comments. When he shared about people breathing easier, I know that a bank teller that I spoke with in Sheridan, Indiana, shared with me that that extra in her paycheck is allowing her to pay more for daycare rather than her husband having to work quite so hard at that second job. So it is helping her pay their daycare bill and it is helping them breathe a little bit easier. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMOR-
RISRODGERS ). Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS  represents eastern Washington’s Fifth District. I have the pleasure of working along-side her on the Energy and Commerce Committee, and we have heard about 1 million more jobs created, 4 million more people receiving bonuses, 90 per-cent of people with more money in their paychecks. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to hear-ing how tax cuts are impacting the State of Washington. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman very much for yielding and for hosting us this evening and bringing us to-gether to talk about the positive im-pact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, one part that is contributing to our boom-ing economy. Last Friday was the 6-month anni-versary of the passage and the signing of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act into law. It is the most sweeping tax reform in more than 3 decades, and our goal was pretty simple: more jobs, bigger pay-checks, and fairer taxes. And as this law continues to be implemented, that is what we are seeing. Since we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we have been able to create more than 1 million jobs; the unem-ployment rate is now at 3.8 percent, that is the lowest in 50 years, since 1969; unemployment for Blacks and Hispanics is at the lowest level ever on record; compensation increases for small business workers are at the high-est level in 20 years; consumer con-fidence is close to an 18-year high; peo-ple are the most hopeful that they have been in 17 years about finding that good-paying job; and for the first time in our history, there are more jobs available than people that are seeking and looking for those jobs. There was a recent survey of manu-facturers that found 72 percent of man-ufacturers report that they plan to in-crease employee wages and benefits; 77 percent plan to hire more workers; 86 percent say that they have already planned expanded investments. This is the economic comeback that Americans and their families have long waited for. With results we promised, like bigger paychecks and lower utility bills, because of tax reform, people are better off. So often policy becomes about the numbers. And these are great numbers and we are proud of these numbers. But now I would like to focus a little bit more on what tax reform means, focus on why it matters. b2130 The why is the real people in eastern Washington, hardworking men and women in eastern Washington and all across this country who now have the opportunity for a better life, thanks to this progrowth policy. For weeks now, my colleagues have come to the House floor to share sto-ries of small businesses that are ex-panding, moms and dads that can spend more time with their children, families taking vacations together for the first time, and so many more stories. Those stories are the same stories that I hear in eastern Washington. A few weeks ago, I was talking with a family in Spokane, Washington, and they told me that they are seeing $400 more a month in take-home pay. They are grateful for that extra cushion be-cause their daughter is living with a disability and, given her needs, they never know what the expenses may be. With nearly 5,000 more dollars in their pocket this year, they are more con-fident about the future and their abil-ity to care for her. I also met a dad who manages the Starbucks in downtown Spokane. He was so excited about the announce-ment of bigger paychecks, more take- home pay, better benefits, because he had just had a son. He and his wife had just given birth 4 months earlier, and he was so hopeful about this future. When the withholding tables changed in February, I received a call in my of-fice from a woman who could barely speak because she was so excited about what an extra $40 in her paycheck was going to mean for her. And I quote her: ‘‘I just got my paycheck for the first time, and I am getting $47.98 more than I did in the past, which is about $1,200 more a year. For me, they are not crumbs. It’s more money to help me put food on the table. I’m so happy, I wanted to tell everybody, the whole world, that these tax cuts work.’’ So to some, these may be crumbs, but to hardworking men and women, it makes a difference in being able to sup-port their families. I had another person contact my of-fice thinking that their H.R. system had glitched when they saw $100 more in their paycheck, and he said: ‘‘For 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.091 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5645 June 25, 2018 
me this will be $2,400 a year. That’s real money, to buy groceries, fill the car up with gas, or take the family on a weekend trip.’’ Tax reform is changing lives and, de-spite all the good, all these milestones and positive headlines, our colleagues across the aisle still voted ‘‘no,’’ and worse, they now are wanting to take it away. For working moms and dads, we dou-bled the child tax credit, preserved the adoption tax credit, expanded 529 ac-counts to help with the cost of raising children. For moms like me who are raising a child with a disability, I was proud to get my ABLE 2.0 provisions included so that now a child with dis-abilities can go explore work, find a job, and take those earnings and put them into their ABLE account. ABLE to Work is going to allow indi-viduals to save more of their own money, maybe go get an internship or a part-time job. My ABLE Financial Planning Act will allow families of those with disabilities to roll over funds from a child’s savings account to an ABLE account if their child be-comes disabled. These provisions are going to help families who have chil-dren with disabilities live full and inde-pendent lives, and I was proud to be a part of that. For the millions of women who re-cently received a pay increase, includ-ing entry-level employees at Wheatland Bank in Spokane, Wash-ington, they can now invest more of what they earn in their pay for their education, retirement, everyday ex-penses to travel and chase their dreams. In fact, more than 600 companies have passed down benefits from tax re-form to their employees. For people and small-business owners in my dis-trict, this means real relief. Ninety percent of people are seeing more money in their pocket every month. For the average family of four, it is $2,000 a year. These are real stories from real peo-ple who are benefiting, and we are just getting started. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentlewoman from Washington, and I love her message of more jobs as she just talked about big-ger paychecks, fairer taxes. It is hap-pening in her State and all across the country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ), who, prior to coming to Congress, also served our country. He retired as a lieutenant colonel from the United States Air Force, and I am very fortunate because I get to serve with him, also, on the Energy and Commerce Committee. I ask the gentleman to please share with us how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is helping eastern Ohio. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mrs. B
ROOKS  from Indiana, for hosting this Special Order this evening to talk about this very important topic, and I am really proud to join all of our colleagues to-night to talk about the effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I want to focus my comments on the good news coming out of eastern and southeastern Ohio as a result of these historic tax reforms. Just last week, we celebrated the 6- month anniversary of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act being signed into law. In just these few months, we have seen con-sumer, business, and manufacturing confidence at or near record levels, more money back into the pockets of hardworking Americans, and unem-ployment rates at some of the lowest levels we have seen in nearly two dec-ades. In the Sixth District of Ohio, since the start of 2017, unemployment rates have dropped significantly in each of the 18 counties I represent. Now, we know there is still more work to do, but the trends are moving in a positive direction. Many of our friends on the other side of the aisle said the sky would fall when we passed this landmark legisla-tion but, in fact, the opposite has hap-pened. Just last week, one of my constitu-ents from Marietta, Ohio, stopped by my office to tell me he is receiving an additional $80 each week in his pay-check due to tax reform. That is an ad-ditional $320 per month, or $3,840 per year. That is even more than the aver-age of what we thought was going to happen for hardworking families. He said he uses this money to help pay his car payments, and he expressed his gratitude for that extra money he has in his pocket to help him make those payments. I hear these stories every day when I travel my home district in eastern and southeastern Ohio, and I can tell you firsthand, we are still seeing the bene-fits from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and we will for a long time to come. The results are real, and it is encour-aging to see what happens when we refuse to accept the previous adminis-tration’s slow-growth economic poli-cies as some kind of new normal. There is no doubt: The hardworking men and women of eastern and south-eastern Ohio are optimistic about the positive economic growth under our new Tax Code, but they are not the only ones. This positive outlook is hap-pening all over America. You know, it is about time that Washington creates an environment where our free enterprise, market-driv-en system puts money into the Amer-ican people’s pocket rather than Wash-ington standing there with its hand out taking money out of their pockets, and that is just what the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act did. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for sharing with us how it is impacting eastern and southeastern Ohio. I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ), who represents the Eighth Congressional District and also served his country as a United States Army Ranger and had been in business prior to coming here to the people’s House. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairwoman BROOKS for putting this Special Order together and taking time to call atten-tion to some good news. Good news is out there. It is hard to find sometimes on the news, but tax reform, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is all about good news. What is astonishing is the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was already having an impact even before it became law. The hope of the cuts that were to come were causing our economy to grow at nearly double the rate that it was under the previous administration. And now we have seen deeds, not just words. We have seen actions transform the idea of tax cuts into enacted tax cuts, things that have transformed the expectation of 1
1⁄2percent growth, the path that had our economy stagnating, take-home pay stagnating, and no hope for the growth that our parents once knew to be part of the American fu-ture. Today, we are seeing 3 percent growth. We may even see more than 4 percent growth in this quarter. The ex-perts said this wasn’t going to happen and, instead, what we have seen is the power of ideas, the power of those ideas becoming law, and now we are seeing that show up in our economy. What does that mean for families in Ohio? Hardworking families are getting more home take-home pay. They are creating more opportunities. The abil-ity to change jobs and find a better- paying one with better benefits is out there because everyone I am talking to is hiring. This is great news for Ohio, a State that just a short time ago was reeling from over 400,000 jobs lost, a fleeting economy, and a State savings account that was raided to just 89 cents left in Ohio’s treasury. Today, Ohio’s manufacturers are hir-ing. In fact, nearly every company that I have met with is hiring, and their problem is they can’t hire fast enough. They are looking for more good work-ers, and this is creating better opportu-nities for hardworking Ohioans and better opportunities for American com-panies. Because we didn’t just cut taxes, we reformed taxes, and we made changes that make it so companies are investing in Ohio, in America again, and this is creating these jobs. Places like Staub Manufacturing So-lutions have seen an uptick in sales, employment, and optimism. They have grown their team from 23 to 37 employ-ees over the last year, and they re-cently expanded by acquiring a new building. Hartzler Propeller in Troy, Ohio, is experiencing the same optimism and continues to grow and invest in the fu-ture of their employees and their in-vestment in Ohio. How does this happen? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.093 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5646 June 25, 2018 
The framework has to be right. It is not more government or less govern-ment; it is the right kind of govern-ment. It is the kind of government that has made America the world’s land of opportunity. America has always attracted the best goods, services, capital, ideas, and people that flow freely and flourish here in America because we have the certainty of a good regulatory frame-work, not an excessive, burdensome regulatory framework. We have seen that burden lifted, and we have seen it complemented by strong tax reform, important tax cuts, and we have seen the result is more jobs, more than a million created in the 6 months since this bill became law. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a con-structive policy for jobs, for prosperity, and for a promising economic future for everyone in America. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for his comments, and I agree with him. Everyone is hiring. There are so many job openings right now. As the gentleman said, there are a million new jobs. Everyone is com-peting at a higher level, and they have to compete in order to retain those em-ployees in order to keep those employ-ees happy. So things are really buzzing along, and I thank the gentleman for being here this evening and sharing what is going on in southern Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, but as we have heard from Mem-bers from Indiana, Ohio, and Wash-ington, because everyone is hiring and people have to compete, there are com-panies throughout Indiana, companies like First Merchants Bank, one of the first in Indiana to announce they were going to have an hourly wage increase and $500 bonus for nonsenior manage-ment; a company in my district, one of the larger employers, Hoosier Park Ca-sino, all employees received a $500 bonus after the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was announced; Fifth Third Bank, $1,000 bonuses to over 13,000 employees, and they also raised the minimum wage. These are the types of stories that we have heard, whether it is from small companies or from large, national com-panies and companies that do business all across the country. They are com-peting for workers, and when they are competing for workers, the workers and the employees are winning because everyone is hiring and everyone is try-ing to compete. Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my col-leagues for the opportunity to high-light the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Every Member of Congress has this duty to their constituents and to try to make sure that we promote and make sure that the benefits of his-toric tax reform have extended all across the country, as we have heard today, and have impacted Americans from all walks of life. Moving forward, we have to continue to implement these types of policies that will encourage economic growth, create those jobs, ensure that our Tax Code continues to support the policies to make sure that the welfare of Amer-ican citizens in the 21st century is at the highest so that we can have the best for all Americans in the 21st cen-tury. I want to thank all my colleagues for taking the time to participate this evening, as we have gone late into the evening. I look forward to working for the benefit of all of our constituents all across the country. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to have been a part of the passage of this his-toric Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
URTIS (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and June 26 on account of his primary election in Utah. Mr. D
ONOVAN (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and June 26 on account of his primary election in New York. Mr. C
UELLAR (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today until 6:50 p.m. on ac-count of flight delay. Mr. P
AYNE (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, June 26, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5292. A letter from the Executive Assistant to the Director of Army Financial Services, USAMCOM, Department of the Army, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Military Payment Certificates [Docket ID: USA-2018-HQ-0007] (RIN: 0702-AA91) received June 21, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5293. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Policy on Technical Surveil-lance Countermeasures [Docket ID: DOD- 2017-OS-0050] (RIN: 0790-AJ59) received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5294. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s Major final rule — Definition of ‘‘Employer’’ Under Section 3(5) of ERISA-- Association Health Plans (RIN: 1210-AB85) received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5295. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Office of Cybersecurity, Energy Security and Emergency Response, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report to Congress titled, ‘‘Vulner-ability of the Electric Grid to an Electro-magnetic Pulse and the Potential Impact on Electric Power Delivery and Reliability’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5296. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nuclear Ma-terial Safety and Safeguards, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s NUREG Revision — Consolidated Guidance About Materials Licenses: Pro-gram-Specific Guidance About Possession Licenses for Production of Radioactive Ma-terial Using an Accelerator (NUREG-1556, Volume 21, Revision 1) received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5297. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to transnational criminal organizations that was declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5298. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a report on the value of sales of defense equipment for the second quarter of Fiscal Year 2018, pursuant to Secs. 36(a) and 26(b) of the Arms Export Control Act, the March 24, 1979, Report by the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs (H. Rept. 96-70), and the July 31, 1981, Seventh Report by the Committee on Government Operations (H. Rept. 97-214); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5299. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting an action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 5300. A letter from the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Fed-eral Home Loan Bank of Chicago, transmit-ting the 2017 management report of the Fed-eral Home Loan Bank of Chicago, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106(a)(1); Public Law 97-258 (as amended by Public Law 101-576, Sec. 306(a)) (104 Stat. 2854); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 5301. A letter from the Senior Vice Presi-dent/Chief Accounting Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines, transmitting the 2017 Management Report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines including fi-nancial statements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106(a)(1); Public Law 97-258 (as amended by Public Law 101-576, Sec. 306(a)); (104 Stat. 2854); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5302. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XE832) received June 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25JN7.094 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5647 June 25, 2018 
5303. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 160920866-7167-02] (RIN: 0648-XF798) received June 20, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5304. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Vermilion Snap-per [Docket No.: 130312235-3658-02] (RIN: 0648- XF730) received June 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5305. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Northern Rockfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF296) received June 20, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5306. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF733) received June 20, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5307. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fish-ery; Trimester 2 Georges Bank Cod Total Al-lowable Catch Area Closure; Updated 2017 Georges Bank Cod Annual Catch Limit for the Common Pool; Possession Prohibition for the Common Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 151211999-6343-02] (RIN: 0648-XF747) received June 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5308. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pa-cific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF732) received June 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5309. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commercial Accountability Measures and Closure for South Atlantic Greater Amberjack [Docket No.: 100812345-2142-03] (RIN: 0648-XF729) received June 20, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5310. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fish-ery; Trip Limit Increase for the Common Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 151211999-6343-02] (RIN: 0648-XF256) received June 20, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5311. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2017-2018 Biennial Specifications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments [Docket No.: 160808696- 7010-02] (RIN: 0648-BG95) received June 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5312. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator for Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries — SERO, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Fish-ery of the South Atlantic Region; Amend-ment 37; Correction [Docket No.: 160906822- 7547-02] (RIN: 0648-BG33) received June 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5313. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Greater Atlantic Regional Fisheries Office, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Deep-Sea Red Crab Fishery; 2017-2019 Atlan-tic Deep-Sea Red Crab Specifications [Dock-et No.: 160920861-7168-02] (RIN: 0648-XE900) re-ceived June 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5314. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries/Alaska Region, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands; 2017 and 2018 Harvest Specifications for Groundfish [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648- XE989) received June 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5315. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 161017970-6999-02] (RIN: 0648-XF722) received June 20, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5316. A letter from the Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act Report to Congress for May 2018, pursuant to 34 U.S.C. 50503(f); Public Law 114-12, Sec. 4(f); (129 Stat. 196); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5317. A letter from the Director, National Legislative Division, American Legion, transmitting statements describing the fi-nancial condition of The American Legion as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 along with sup-plemental data; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 5318. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only — Changes in accounting periods and in methods of accounting [Rev. Proc. 2018-35] received June 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5319. A letter from the Chief Counsel, For-eign Claims Settlement Commission of the United States, Department of Justice, trans-mitting the annual report for CY 2017 of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission of the United States, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 1622(c); Mar. 10, 1950, ch. 54, Sec. 3(c) (as amended by Aug. 9, 1955, ch. 645, Sec. 1); (69 Stat. 562) and 50 U.S.C. 4107; July 3, 1948, ch. 826, Sec. 9 (as amended by Public Law 89-348, Sec. 2(6)); (79 Stat. 1312); jointly to the Com-mittees on Foreign Affairs and the Judici-ary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5783. A bill to provide a safe harbor for financial institutions that maintain a customer account at the request of a Federal or State law enforcement agen-cy; with an amendment (Rept. 115–780). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 6069. A bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to carry out a study on how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are used to buy, sell, or facilitate the financing of goods or services associated with sex trafficking or drug trafficking, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–781, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5761. A bill to redesig-nate Golden Spike National Historic Site and to establish the Transcontinental Rail-road Network; with an amendment (Rept. 115–782). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 961. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2083) to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–783). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 6069 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25JN7.000 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5648 June 25, 2018 
titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself and Mr. H
UNTER ): H.R. 6206. A bill to direct the Commandant of the Coast Guard to establish a Blue Tech-nology center of expertise, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. R OYCE of Cali-fornia, and Mr. E
NGEL ): H.R. 6207. A bill to support democracy and accountability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6208. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to authorize additional funds to expand the nutritional assistance program in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and to require the Secretary of Agri-culture to permit such assistance to be pro-vided by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico in the form of cash during periods for which the Secretary determines that access to such assistance is limited or unavailable as a re-sult of a natural disaster; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6209. A bill to amend the Fair Housing Act to provide that it is unlawful for any person engaging in a residential real estate- related transaction to discriminate against any person in making available such a trans-action, or in the terms or conditions of such a transaction, because all or part of the per-son’s income derives from a source located in Puerto Rico or any other territory of the United States, and for other purpose; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6210. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide authority to the Ad-ministrator of the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration to provide a cash award to Admin-istration employees with foreign language skills, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6211. A bill to improve the collection and publication of statistics relating to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Oversight and Government Reform, Education and the Workforce, Agriculture, the Judiciary, and Financial Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 6212. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety of imported seafood; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. R
OKITA , Mrs. L ESKO , Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L AM-
BORN , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. N ORMAN , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. D UNN, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor-gia, Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. L
ABRADOR , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. R
OTHFUS , and Mr. R OUZER ): H.R. 6213. A bill to amend the Revised Statutes of the United States to prevent the use of the legal system in a manner that ex-torts money from State and local govern-ments, and the Federal Government, and in-hibits such governments’ constitutional ac-tions under the first, tenth, and fourteenth amendments; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6214. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of Paul Laurence Dunbar; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6215. A bill to revise the composition of the Zoning Commission for the District of Columbia so that the Commission will con-sist solely of members appointed by the gov-ernment of the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6216. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3025 Woodgate Road in Montrose, Colorado, as the ‘‘Sergeant David Kinterknecht Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6217. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 241 N 4th Street in Grand Junction, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. P
OCAN ): H. Res. 960. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives in sup-port of HIV pre-exposure prophylaxis re-search, education, and usage, and addressing the barriers to receiving this treatment, es-pecially for communities of color, gay and bisexual men, and transgender people; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia): H. Res. 962. A resolution condemning and censuring Maxine Waters, Representative of California’s 43d Congressional District; to the Committee on Ethics. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey introduced a bill (H.R. 6218) for the relief of Judge Neringa Venckiene, who the Govern-ment of Lithuania seeks on charges related to her pursuit of justice against Lithuanian public officials accused of sexually molesting her young niece; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6206. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6207. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This resolution is enacted pursuant to the power granted in Congress under Article I, Section 1. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6208. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . .’’ By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6209. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and 18 of the U.S. Constitution, which provide as follows: The Congress shall have Power [ . . .] To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; [ . . . ]—And To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6210. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and 18 of the U.S. Constitution, which provide as follows: The Congress shall have Power [ . . . ] To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; [ . . . ]—And To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6211. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 2 and Section 8, and the 14111 Amendment, Section 2 and Section 5 of the U.S. ConstitUtion, which provide as fol-lows: The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting of the Congress of the United States, and with-in every subsequent Term often Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. To make all laws which shalt be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. Representatives shall be apportioned among the several States according to their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each State ....  The Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article. Further, the Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article IV, Section 3, which provides, in relevant part, as follows: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any patticular State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25JN7.100 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5649 June 25, 2018 
By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 6212. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 6213. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 (‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power . . . To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court.’’) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’). By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6214. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6215. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6216. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to . . . establish Post Offices and Post Roads . . .’’ In the Constitu-tion, the power possessed by Congress em-braces the regulation of the Postal System in the country. Therefore, the proposed legis-lation in naming a post office would fall under the powers granted to Congress in the Constitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6217. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to . . . establish Post Offices and Post Roads . . .’’ In the Constitu-tion, the power possessed by Congress em-braces the regulation of the Postal System in this country. Therefore, the proposed leg-islation in naming a post office would fall under the powers granted to Congress in the Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6218. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 4 of the Con-stitution provides that Congress shall have power ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Nat-uralization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 99: Ms. B ONAMICI and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 154: Mr. L
OBIONDO and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 184: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 233: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 371: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 502: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 632: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 852: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 936: Mr. C
UELLAR and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 959: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1038: Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 1204: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 1300: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 1478: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 1511: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 1606: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 1676: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 1681: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1734: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S
OTO, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 1788: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 1876: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 1904: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2043: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2215: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2282: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 2309: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2432: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 2472: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 2477: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 2515: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 2589: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2598: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2651: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2701: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 2913: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2946: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2976: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 3138: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3197: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3325: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. B ACON , Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 3400: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3891: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. S CHRADER . H.R. 4143: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , and Mr. C ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 4444: Mr. M
CEACHIN and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 4472: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 4548: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 4573: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4886: Mr. L
ONG, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and Mrs. B LACKBURN . H.R. 4923: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 5034: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 5129: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. C LAY, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 5132: Mr. E
VANS , Mr. R EED, Mr. G
OMEZ , and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5145: Mr. T
ONKO and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 5161: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 5248: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 5291: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 5389: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 5476: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 5545: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. N EAL, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 5588: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 5595: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 5634: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5697: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5724: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 5747: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5768: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 5814: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5876: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 5881: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5888: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 5976: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5977: Mr. S
CHNEIDER and Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5988: Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. R OGERS of Ala- bama, and Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 5996: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 6014: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 6016: Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 6022: Mr. H
ARRIS and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 6031: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C OLE, and Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 6048: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 6075: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 6081: Mr. M
CKINLEY and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 6108: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 6134: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 6172: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 6173: Mr. C
ALVERT and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 6174: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. K IL-
MER, and Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 6178: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 6180: Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. B EYER , and Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 6183: Mr. U
PTON , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. T
IPTON , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. S INEMA , and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 6184: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 6190: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. B LUM, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 6193: Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali- fornia, and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 6195: Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. C ARTER of Geor- gia, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. B ANKS  of Indiana, and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H. Res. 926: Mr. H
IMES. H. Res. 936: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H. Res. 941: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H. Res. 950: Mr. C
OURTNEY . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. YOUNG OF ALASKA  The amendment filed to H.R. 200 by me does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House Rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN7.043 H25JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4353 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 25, 2018 No. 106 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Lord, God, thank You for the majesty of Your Name that fills our hearts with joy. We are grateful for the declara-tions in nature that constantly remind us of Your might and power. Lord, the heavens declare Your glory. Continue to protect and sustain our Senators. Provide them with power to meet each challenge, to solve each problem, and to catapult each obstacle. Eternal God, You reign forever, judg-ing the world with Your justice and ruling nations with Your providence. Remind us that the hearts of world leaders are in Your hands and Your purposes will prevail. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 5895, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
REMEMBERING FIRST LIEUTENANT GARLIN MURL  
CONNER  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, this week our Nation will honor the mem-ory of a brave Kentuckian. President Trump will posthumously award 1LT Garlin Murl Conner with our Nation’s highest military distinction, the Medal of Honor. In 1941 Garlin left his farm town in Clinton County, KY. This quiet 21- year-old enlisted in the Army. When he returned, after World War II service that spanned eight major campaigns and earned a battlefield commission, four Silver Stars, three Purple Hearts, and the Distinguished Service Cross, he was a hero. Lieutenant Conner wasn’t supposed to be in a snow-covered forest that January morning in 1945. He was meant to be recovering in a hospital. But with his unit in need, he snuck away and re-turned to the front in France. When he rejoined his comrades, they were in ur-gent danger, pinned down by six Ger-man tanks. Lieutenant Conner stepped forward. He took a telephone, a radio, and a wire reel and ran toward the enemy alone—totally alone. Past the American line, in a ditch barely large enough to cover him, Lieu-tenant Conner began directing artillery against the approaching enemy. He held his ground through wave after wave of German advances. When the enemy surged, even coming within feet of him, he called in artillery strikes on his own position. Amazingly, when the dust settled, Lieutenant Conner was still alive, and Allied artillery had destroyed the Ger-man tanks and stopped the advance. On that frigid morning, in complete dis-regard for his own safety, Lieutenant Conner saved the lives of his comrades. This afternoon I will have the privi-lege to welcome Ms. Pauline Conner, Garlin’s wife of more than 50 years, and other family members to the Capitol. Without Pauline’s patience and stead-fast resolve, there would be no recogni-tion tomorrow. After the war, Lieutenant Conner de-murred any sort of personal glory. With the humility that is typical among the Greatest Generation, he re-turned to his farm and planned to leave the war behind him. Later in life, he took it upon himself to meet privately with his fellow veterans and their fami-lies, offering comfort and advice. One day late in Lieutenant Conner’s life, a former Army Green Beret named Richard Chilton came to their home to ask about his late uncle, who had served with him in Europe. He saw all of Garlin’s decorations and medals and urged Pauline to apply for the Medal of Honor. That was the first step. The path wasn’t easy—filing paperwork, finding eyewitness accounts, gathering support from the Kentucky Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, generals, and even Members of Congress. It was my privilege to join Pauline’s team when they contacted my office over a decade ago. There were setbacks, even a Fed-eral court ruling, but Pauline and her team pushed forward. Her long journey will finally end in victory when the Commander in Chief entrusts her with Garlin’s Medal of Honor tomorrow. I am grateful to President Trump, Sec-retary Mattis, and Secretary Esper for recognizing this deserving Kentuckian. I am proud to congratulate Pauline and her family today, and I would like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.000 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4354 June 25, 2018 
to thank her for giving our Nation the opportunity to salute 1LT Garlin Murl Conner. He embodied the highest val-ues of our Commonwealth and of our Nation, but this humble man never called himself a hero. So it is incum-bent upon us to do just that. Now, Mr. President, on a completely different matter, this afternoon our colleagues will vote to pass the first 3 of 12 appropriations bills for fiscal year 2019. When they do, the Senate will be putting more common sense back into the appropriations process. This hasn’t come easily. But thanks to the leader-ship of Chairman S
HELBY and Ranking Member L
EAHY , the process thus far has been governed by level-headed bi-partisanship. I am optimistic the same will be true for the nine remaining appropriations measures. Great progress has already been made at the committee level, and I look forward to considering more leg-islation on the floor soon. It is particularly fitting that after the passage of the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for 2019 and historic veterans legislation earlier this year, the first group of ap-propriations bills includes much need-ed resources for the VA and for mili-tary construction projects. This mini-bus also includes funding under the En-ergy and Water title for critical main-tenance of America’s ports and water-ways infrastructure, for groundbreaking research on energy de-velopment and efficiency, and for im-provements to the safety, security, and readiness of our nuclear arsenal. Our colleagues on the Appropriations Committee, in particular these sub-committee chairmen—Senators A
LEX-
ANDER , B OOZMAN , and D AINES —have earned our support. This is worthy leg-islation. I look forward to passing it today. 
FARM BILL  
Then, we will turn to another major priority—the farm bill. Under Chair-man R
OBERTS ’ leadership, along with Ranking Member S
TABENOW , the Agri-culture Committee has continued its tradition of addressing the needs of America’s farmers and ranchers with the serious bipartisanship they de-serve. Today the needs are great. In the face of declines in farm income, grow-ers and producers need certainty and stability, and that is what this bill would help to provide. The committee reported the farm bill to the full Sen-ate by an overwhelming bipartisan margin. This week we will have a chance to pass the bill in the same fashion. On behalf of the farmers in my home State of Kentucky and around the country, I hope each Senator will take advantage of this opportunity. 
TAX REFORM  
Now, Mr. President, on one final mat-ter, week after week the evidence con-tinues to mount that tax reform and the rest of the Republicans’ pro- growth, pro-family agenda is helping to reinvigorate our economy and to set the stage for long-term job and wage growth. Just today, CNBC is reporting that the percentage of Americans who say the economy is good or excellent is the highest they have ever recorded in the survey’s 10-year history. But amidst all of the headlines of long-term investments, business expan-sions, and this favorable economic cli-mate, it is important to remember also all of the immediate ways the tax cuts themselves have already meant direct relief for middle-class American fami-lies. Our historic tax reform, which every single Democratic Senator op-posed, lowered income tax rates, dou-bled the standard deduction, and in-creased the child tax credit. It has given employers the flexibility to im-mediately pass savings along to their employees in the form of tax reform bonuses, pay raises, and new benefits. It has allowed major utility companies to forego planned rate hikes and, in cases, actually cut the energy prices customers pay. Every one of these provisions equals real money that will remain in the hands of middle-class families, instead of being shipped off to the IRS. Every one of these and all the other compo-nents of tax reform are major improve-ments that every single Democrat in the House and in the Senate voted against. Now, if Democratic leaders are seri-ous about wanting to repeal tax re-form, the tax cuts that are making it all possible would be right back on the chopping block. Tax cuts used to be a bipartisan affair, but not these days. Republicans will continue to stand up for the American people and help them keep more of their hard-earned money. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SOUTH TEXAS FLOODING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, on Fri-day, I traveled to the Rio Grande Val-ley, right along the U.S.-Mexico bor-der, expecting the front-page news to be about separation of families when our immigration laws were being en-forced. Imagine my surprise when the front page of the newspapers in the Rio Grande Valley were talking about the flooding in South Texas. We heard that late last week, more than 200 water rescues were performed on the border city of Mission alone, and some areas were pounded by more than 15 inches of rain over a 4-day pe-riod. Cities in South Texas, such as Harlingen, Mercedes, Weslaco, Browns-ville, and others, were affected. I saw it myself when I was in the Valley last week. A feeder road and entire soccer fields were underwater, and county of-ficials were out surveying flood dam-age around the airport. This has been especially tough news because some of the coastal areas in my State that were impacted by this flood were also hit by Hurricane Harvey less than a year ago and are still recovering from that catastrophe. Just as life started to get back to normal—whatever normal is—the rains came. As hurricane season is now under-way, we will continue to monitor the weather and the conditions there that may arise throughout the remainder of the summer months and to work with all of my constituents and leaders at the local, State, and Federal level to make sure we are as prepared as we can humanly be for the next adverse weath-er event. KEEP FAMILIES TOGETHER AND ENFORCE THE  
LAW ACT  
As I said, Mr. President, I went to the border to talk about immigration and family separation policies. I traveled there to tour two facilities in Browns-ville, along with Senator C
RUZ, that housed young children—some very young and some up to 18, just under 18 years of age—who are being sheltered after their parents crossed illegally into the United States. It is important to note that in so many respects, life is pretty good in the Rio Grande Valley. Business is booming. Men and women are working hard, going to school, paying their bills, just like the rest of us. It is not all the Wild Wild West, as the press sometimes makes it out to be. When it comes to immigrant shel-ters, I think it is very important that we learn what the facts are rather than continue a narrative that has very lit-tle basis in fact. The truth is, the surge of humanity coming across our southern border is nothing new. This year so far—since October 1—there have been roughly 32,000 unaccompanied children who have come across the border, more than 50,000 families, but all told, the Border Patrol has detained roughly 250,000 people coming across our south-western border. I know that here in Washington, you could be forgiven for thinking ‘‘Well, the border is not a problem. Illegal im-migration is not a problem,’’ but I am here to say it is a problem, and it is a national security threat. The humani-tarian crisis we have seen at the border because countries like those in Central America continue to send their young children up across the border into the United States—it creates a huge chal-lenge for us, just as it did in 2014 when President Obama called it a humani-tarian crisis, because, frankly, our communities along the border and the Federal Government are not prepared to deal with such an influx of human-ity, particularly those who need to be taken care of in a compassionate and humane way, especially the children who come across the border. Why are children coming across the border unaccompanied and in some in-stances with family units? Because the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.002 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4355 June 25, 2018 
cartels—the criminal organizations that profit from a business model that allows them to exploit vulnerabilities in American law, particularly when it comes to border security—are making millions of dollars trafficking in hu-manity. They don’t just traffic in ille-gal immigration; they traffic in those who would ply these immigrants for sex trafficking, those who would dis-tribute drugs illegally in the United States, particularly heroin, an opioid, along with fentanyl, coming across the border, perhaps even from China, which is part of the opioid crisis in the United States. As one gentleman who has a lot of experience in the area phrased it—he said that when it comes to what the cartels and the criminal organizations will transport into the United States, they are commodity agnostic. What he meant by that, I gathered, is that what it is all about is the money. It is the money these large criminal organiza-tions earn trafficking in people, traf-ficking in drugs, trafficking in contra-band across our southwestern border that represents such a challenge to our government officials at the local level, at the State level, and, of course, at the national level. I know there has been a lot of misin-formation about what happens at the border when somebody comes to the border and claims asylum. There are accepted procedures and legal stand-ards that should be applied when some-body comes from another country and claims a credible fear of persecution because of who they are—their race, their religion, and the like. As Secretary Nielsen, the Secretary of Homeland Security, pointed out, it is not a crime to come to a port of entry—that is, one of the bridges—and ask for asylum. It is a crime for an adult to try to cross the border be-tween those ports of entry into the United States, and that is why we end up with this huge challenge of what to do when they come across with a minor child with them. After touring these facilities in Brownsville and meeting with various Federal agency officials, nongovern-mental organizations, and local elected officials at the Weslaco Border Patrol Station, what we learned is that this situation is far more complex than meets the eye and that many of the narratives that have been spun about what is happening at the border are simply false or may be based in part on fact but in part on nonfactual informa-tion. What we did was we had the Federal officials at the Weslaco Border Patrol Station go through the step-by-step process of what happens to immigrant families when they are apprehended at the border, what happens when they are detained, and what happens when their cases are heard in a court. This is very useful information, and I want to particularly credit Rio Grande Valley Border Patrol Chief Manny Padilla, Custom and Border Patrol’s David Higgerson, and all the men and women on the frontlines who are doing a great job under very difficult circumstances across the border. I am glad to know that the processes are changing based on the Executive order President Trump issued last week. That order stated that immi-grant families should be detained to-gether when appropriate and consistent with law and available resources. The problem is that I am not sure anybody could be prepared for this influx of hu-manity coming across the border, but they are doing the very best they can. We know that Executive orders are always subject to legal challenges. We in Congress have introduced legislation to make sure that if, in fact, the Presi-dent’s Executive order ordering fami-lies to be kept together is somehow challenged or found deficient in court, that we have legislation to back it up. It is important that we in Congress make clear in statute that the status quo along the border cannot continue. That status quo has resulted in fam-ily members being separated from one another—in some cases, young children from their parents, which is something I know we all want to avoid. We know that in many cases, these children have remained in close touch with their par-ents throughout the course of their de-tention. But we still need to make sure these families are kept together where possible. I, along with a number of my col-leagues on this side of the aisle, led by the junior Senator from North Caro-lina, Mr. T
ILLIS , introduced a piece of legislation last week to address this situation. It is called the Keep Fami-lies Together and Enforce the Law Act. As the title of the bill suggests, there are two parts. Treating families with compassion by allowing them to remain together and enforcing our immigration laws don’t have to be mutually exclusive, and our bill will ensure that they aren’t. It will allow children to stay with their par-ents in a safe facility while they await their court proceedings to see if they perhaps are eligible for some sort of immigration benefit, like asylum. Our bill will also set mandatory standards for care in family residential centers where immigrant families are placed and keep children safe by requiring they be removed from the care of any individual who presents a danger to them. Just as importantly, it provides addi-tional resources. It will require more than 200 new immigration judges and require the Department of Homeland Security to expedite the court pro-ceedings of families and children. We don’t want those family units to re-main in detention any longer than nec-essary to present their case to an im-migration judge. Some have rightfully asked questions about the families who have already been separated. What happens now that the kids have been placed apart from their parents? Our bill requires the ad-ministration to take steps to reunify as many families as possible who re-main in ICE’s, Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, or HHS’s, Health and Human Services, custody. Believe it or not, as part of this disinformation or misinformation that seems to pervade this topic, some have falsely claimed that our bill promotes the indefinite detention of families, but that is certainly not the intention. Our bill does not mandate the Depart-ment of Homeland Security detain par-ents and their kids together indefi-nitely. It, simply, removes an arbi-trary, court-imposed rule that says families can be held together for no more than 20 days. This is from the so- called Flores case. In many instances, allowing families to remain together in custody for more than 20 days will allow immigration courts to process their claims faster so that they will literally have better ac-cess to justice. Generally, immigrants are detained only until their pro-ceedings in front of immigration judges are completed. So those who claim that the bill would somehow promote the indefinite detention of these families, simply, aren’t telling you the truth. These families will remain in residen-tial shelters only until their court pro-ceedings are completed, but we need to prioritize these cases, in particular—to move them to the head of the line—so that these families will not have to wait any longer than necessary. Other proposals have been put for-ward in addition to the Tillis proposal. One of the most prominent is the one being offered by our friend, the senior Senator from California. I have worked together on many issues with Senator F
EINSTEIN , but on this issue, I think her bill has a number of problems. In fact, there is a huge question of what sort of enforcement, if any, would be permitted under her bill. In effect, this bill would make it impossible to crimi-nally prosecute parents for crossing the border illegally unless their chil-dren were able to go into Department of Justice’s custody with the parents. This bill doesn’t even specify where the families should be held. That is a big problem because children shouldn’t go to jails and prisons, run by the Depart-ment of Justice, that have hardened, potentially violent criminals. I don’t know anybody who thinks that that is a good idea. That is why, essentially, the bill advocates for catch and release. Nowhere does the bill say where these families should be held since they can’t go into the Depart-ment of Justice’s facilities. Basically, the only alternative left up to immi-gration enforcement officials is to let them go and issue them notices to ap-pear at future court dates. The bill spe-cifically forces the Department of Homeland Security to release family units without exception, which pre-vents potential criminals from being prosecuted. Again, it is the adults we are talking about, not the children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.004 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4356 June 25, 2018 
Chief Padilla, the Chief of the Rio Grande Valley sector of the Border Pa-trol, which is the most active part of the southwestern border, said: If you look at the surges in illegal immigra-tion over recent history, the highest surges in illegal immigration are when the U.S. Government has had a policy of catching and then releasing people who have violated the immigration laws and has ordered them to appear in the future. Of course, most of the peo-ple don’t show up in the future. They know they will rarely be followed up on and rarely be caught unless, of course, they commit some other crime or of-fense and are picked up by local police, at which time U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s and local law enforcement’s records are matched in order to identify those people. To suggest that we should not en-force our immigration laws or to sug-gest that we should catch people who violate those laws and release them and have them appear on future dates, which is far from certain, is itself a huge encouragement and inducement to surges in illegal immigration. One of the main reasons is that the cartels— again, the criminal organizations that control much of the human trafficking, the illegal drug trafficking, and the movement of immigrants across the border—are very smart, and they know when there are gaps in the U.S. Gov-ernment’s policy that can be exploited, like catch and release. I am not sure everyone who supports the bill that Senator F
EINSTEIN has proposed understands what the con-sequences are of the legislation. Where are the provisions that allow us to en-force our immigration laws? Both of our bills allow for families to be kept together while they are waiting for court proceedings, but only one of them, the Tillis bill, also permits the enforcement of our laws. That seems to be the choice that our Democratic col-leagues have made. With all due respect to our Demo-cratic colleagues, their legislation, simply, doesn’t cut it. I don’t think the American people will tolerate a situa-tion in which our borders remain open, essentially, to the poison shipped over here from the drug traffickers, to the human trafficking by which people are, simply, sold into modern-day slavery, or whether open borders is used as a way to transport people illegally from one country to another. We want to make it clear that fami-lies should be kept together but, also, that we will enforce the law even when that requires families be held in gov-ernment custody for a short period of time pending their court hearings. We also want to be clear that where they should be held is in safe residential family housing and away from hard-ened, potentially violent criminals. Again, the legislation, which has been proffered by our friend from Cali-fornia, doesn’t mandate that. Basi-cally, it just prevents us from enforc-ing our laws. It promotes catch and re-lease, and it doesn’t specify where fam-ilies should be held together, which could jeopardize the safety of these children. With these and other shortcomings, I think the much better option is the bill that our Republican colleagues and I, along with Senator TILLIS , have intro-duced. I hope the discussions which, I know, have been planned between Sen-ator D
URBIN , Senator F EINSTEIN , Sen-ator T
ILLIS , and Senator C RUZ—per-haps as early as today—are very pro-ductive. It would be important to achieve both important goals at once— the continued enforcement of our im-migration laws and the unification of families. I have become disturbed by what I have seen on social media. There is a hashtag in social media called ‘‘abolish ICE,’’ abolish the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. I have read where one Democratic House Member has actually introduced legislation that would abolish our immigration en-forcement agency, the U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement. Basi-cally, what that would do is to create an open invitation to the criminal or-ganizations that facilitate illegal im-migration, drugs, and other contra-band. There will be no limit to the number of people who will be able to enter the country illegally. We will just wave them on through. In addition to the open borders, which is no solution, there are col-leagues who are advocating this sort of notion, who have no plan of how to deal with the influx of humanity, whether it is from a health and safety or a safe and secure facilities perspec-tive. I think it is a half-baked idea and one we should reject. I urge our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to continue talking and to support the legislation that Senator T
ILLIS and I and others have intro-duced. I would like to see the Senate take swift action. I wish we could have done it last week because we all agree that families should be kept together, and we all agree that this is an emergency situation. We must act quickly. If we come together, we can resolve this sit-uation swiftly and ensure these chil-dren will be kept with their families, which is our No. 1 priority. It is also a priority of all of us to en-force the laws that are on the books and not to, basically, benefit the busi-ness model of the drug cartels in the process and see them continue to prey on young, susceptible, vulnerable peo-ple who are willing to risk it all just to make their way to the United States, to our borders. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, as we are all aware, the Trump administra-tion’s border policy has resulted in thousands of families having been sepa-rated at the border over the past few months. Despite the administration’s recent executive order, thousands of young children remain separated from their parents in cities across the coun-try, across America. According to the New York Times, right now, there are 2,053 children who are stuck in limbo, waiting for various Federal agencies to reunite them with their families. Some of the most basic questions about their whereabouts and the whereabouts of their families are un-known to Federal officials. Of the thou-sands of children having been taken away from their parents since the President’s family separation policy went into effect, only about 500 chil-dren in CBP’s custody have been re-united with their families. That is not good enough. Who will be held account-able if these children are not returned to their parents? Some of these chil-dren are even too young to know their names. This unprecedented situation de-mands a Federal point person to man-age the family reunification process and ensure it is resolved as quickly and transparently as possible. Multiple agencies have jurisdiction, including the Department of Homeland Security, Health and Human Services, the De-partment of Defense, and the Depart-ment of Justice. We need someone in power to work across Federal agencies, cut through the bureaucracy, and lead the accurate, humane, and timely re-unification of every child who has been separated by President Trump’s poli-cies. I urge President Trump to appoint a family reunification czar to manage this process. The administration needs to bring in an experienced and competent person to impose order on the chaos that the President’s decision has caused—some-one to be accountable so that this doesn’t go on for months or longer with different agencies pointing fingers at each other while children languish alone in detention. When multiple Fed-eral agencies are involved in respond-ing to a crisis, the response is often cumbersome and slow. Each agency has its different track, its different goals, its different paths. Without someone in the White House to bring order and have them work in sync, all too often, nothing happens. A czar—this is a good czar, not a bad czar—would help to avoid the situation whereby the agencies would be at cross purposes and paralysis and inaction would result. We did this when Ebola occurred. There were many agencies in-volved when we were worried about the national threat of Ebola. President Obama wisely appointed a czar—I be-lieve it was Ron Klain. It worked, and the Ebola fear that we all had—thank God—didn’t materialize. The same can happen here in the sense that a czar could help solve the problem. It is agonizing—so agonizing—to see young children, with anguished looks on their faces, being separated from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.006 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4357 June 25, 2018 
their parents. This crisis demands a timely and efficient response. A family reunification czar would help get the job done. It is not a political situation whereby it is ideological. It is, simply, getting the bureaucracies to work. 
CHINA  
Mr. President, on China, this morn-ing, the New York Times reported that in several industrial cities in China’s interior, Chinese manufacturers have been using incredibly dangerous chemi-cals known as CFCs, which destroy the planet’s ozone layer and are explicitly banned by an international agreement from the 1980s. The CFCs are more dan-gerous to our atmosphere even than CO
2, even than methane. That is why the world came together in a rare mo-ment and successfully, for a long time, banned these CFCs. Now it seems that this is not occur-ring in China, and it comes as no sur-prise. China cracks down so effectively on free speech, so one wonders why the state is unable to crack down on the use of environmentally toxic chemicals that have been banned for over 30 years. It took China’s Government a matter of days to block online access to HBO after John Oliver poked fun at President Xi on the network. Yet, when it comes to the use of toxic chemicals that are banned by international agree-ments, China’s government can’t get its act together? Please. It is a meta-phor. What is happening with CFCs is a metaphor for so many of China’s poli-cies, most especially for its trade pol-icy. Many question if China will ever moderate its self-interested, mer-cantilist behavior and join the commu-nity of nations in fair trade by low-ering trade barriers, by abiding by international trade rules, and by end-ing its practice of intellectual property theft. Well, this news shows that when push comes to shove, China always does what is best for China—short-term profit for China—without regard to the well-being of its neighbors or the stric-tures of international agreements. Whether it is lead in our children’s toys, cadmium in exported fish, or CFCs in the atmosphere, time and again, China flouts and skirts inter-national laws, agreements, and vital environmental standards in ferocious pursuit of its economic interests. We should not be accommodating when it comes to trade with China. We cannot appeal to its better angels and hope for the best—at least with Presi-dent Xi in charge. We must recognize that China’s government will not re-treat from its fundamentally self-inter-ested posture until and unless we force it to, through tough penalties for mis-behavior and strong incentives to abide by free-market principles. (Mrs. E
RNST assumed the Chair.) 
HEALTHCARE  
Madam President, on healthcare, last week insurers in Indiana and in the Presiding Officer’s State of Iowa re-quested an increase in 2019 rates. The addition of Indiana and Iowa asking for increasing rates adds to the growing list of States—including Virginia, Maryland, New York, and Oregon—that have raised rates as a result of Repub-lican healthcare policies. The CEO of one of the largest insur-ers in Indiana, Celtic, said insurers could have potentially lowered rates in 2019 if the Trump administration had not attempted to sow mass uncertainty and undermine the market. Let me repeat that. The CEO of one of the largest insurers in Indiana said that health insurance costs could have gone down if not for President Trump and Congressional Republicans. He went on to say that the rate increases were also a result of the uncertainty caused by the Republicans’ repeal of the coverage requirement and the Trump administration’s expansion of short-term junk insurance plans. Think about it for a moment. Middle- class families in Indiana could have saved on their healthcare next year if President Trump, aided and abetted by Republicans here in the Senate, hadn’t sabotaged the system. If the Repub-licans and President Trump would have simply left our healthcare system alone, things would have been so much better. So many people in so many of our States will pay far more in pre-mium increases than they will get ben-efits from a tax cut—particularly if you are middle-class and not rich. Is that right? Does that put more money in people’s pockets? No. Does that get the economy going? Absolutely not. Sadly, because of a political vendetta against the Affordable Care Act, Re-publicans have undermined our healthcare system at every turn. They don’t have an answer as to what to do. They don’t have a new system to put in place. They have tried that for a year and a half, and they haven’t gotten anywhere. They just want to sabotage the existing law and make it worse for average Americans because they are so fixated on killing the ACA bill, even though they have nothing to put in its place, and American families are pay-ing the price in the form of higher pre-miums, higher out-of-pocket costs, and more expensive prescription drugs. CIVIL DISCOURSE  
Finally, Madam President, a word on a different subject. Here in the Senate we disagree with one another fre-quently and often fervently. I certainly do. Many of us disagree with the poli-cies of the current administration. In a country as large and diverse as ours, politics has always been a noisy, rau-cous affair—probably even more so today. That is OK, but we all have to remember to treat our fellow Ameri-cans—all of our fellow Americans— with the kind of civility and respect that we expect will be afforded to us. I strongly disagree with those who advocate harassing folks if they don’t agree with you. If you disagree with something or someone, stand up and make your voice heard. Explain why you think they are wrong and why you are right. Make the argument. Protest peacefully. If you disagree with a poli-tician, organize your fellow citizens to action and vote them out of office, but no one should call for the harassment of political opponents. That is not right. That is not American. Now, I understand those who look at the conduct of this President—a man who habitually engages in bullying, name-calling, slander, and pure nas-tiness for its own sake—and think: We have to fight fire with fire. I know I felt those emotions myself. I think we all do. I understand those who are out-raged at the hypocrisy of this Presi-dent when he complains about bul-lying, harassment, or nastiness when it is used against him or his allies, and he uses it as a regular tool almost every day. I am outraged by the double standard that we seem to let this President get away with. But the President’s tactics and behavior should never be emulated. They should be re-pudiated by organized, well-informed, and passionate advocacy. As Michelle Obama, a person who represents the same kind of fineness that we have al-ways had in America, in complete con-trast to the coarseness of this Presi-dent, said: ‘‘When they go low, we go high.’’ That is a contrast of civility, honor, and decency to President Trump’s coarseness and meanness. It is a contrast that will serve those of us who oppose what the President does so well. To opponents of the President’s poli-cies, the best way to limit what he can do, to show that America is not as coarse, as mean, as hypocritical as his behavior suggests, the best solution is to win elections. That is a far more productive way to channel the legiti-mate frustrations with this President’s policies than harassing members of his administration. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I want to report to the Senate on attend-ing the detention center in my home State of Florida. I stood on the floor last week and reported that a lot had changed. I just returned again from South Florida, where I was finally al-lowed to go through the detention fa-cility in Homestead where the number has been corrected from what we were told originally. We were told that of the 1,300 children who were there, 94 of them had been separated from their parents. The number I was given on Saturday is that 70 children there have been separated from their families. This is the same facility that I had visited last Tuesday and where I was denied entry. Despite being the Sen-ator from Florida and despite having oversight responsibility of the Depart-ment of HHS, which runs this deten-tion facility, I was not allowed inside on Tuesday to check on the 94 kids being held there. So I returned on Saturday, and while I was allowed to enter and go through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.007 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4358 June 25, 2018 
the facility and talk to the employees, I was still not allowed to see the 70 children separated from their parents or to speak with the one person who has the responsibility and who is in charge of reuniting these children with their parents. I was told that this individual, and she was named, was not there on Satur-day, as she works Monday through Fri-day. When I was given the name of this individual, I said: Well, I will be calling her on Monday. I must state that we have called and emailed several times and have not been provided the oppor-tunity to speak to this one individual, identified as the person who tries to re-unite the kids with their parents there in the Homestead facility. Since I was given the name Barbara Flotus, why in the world would HHS not allow me to speak to her when she is back at the facility today? It is cer-tainly in the interest of the American people to know that the children are being reunited. If this is the person that is put in charge at that center, then, why wouldn’t they let this Sen-ator from Florida speak to her? Well, other than that, the main takeaway from that trip was that the Executive order that the President signed last week is a sham. It does nothing to reunite the children with their parents. We have been told that there are over 2,300 children around the country that have been separated from their par-ents. We have also been told that there are attempts being made to reunite them. Then, why in the world would the Trump administration not want us to be able to tell a good news story? Based on what I was told by officials at the facility I visited on Saturday, there is no plan in place to reunify these families. Is that the reason they are prohibiting me from speaking to Barbara Flotus today, because there still is no plan? All of this is unaccept-able. The American people deserve an-swers to these questions. Well, tomorrow this Senator plans to get some of those answers because Sec-retary Azar of HHS is coming in front of the Senate Finance Committee. Be-fore he testifies, I want to give him a heads-up on the questions I am going to ask—and I expect some answers. The questions are in regard to the separated children and the reunifica-tion with their parents. I want Sec-retary Azar to know that I would like for him to explain, while he is in front of the Senate Finance Committee under oath, where these children are right now who are all over the country. When are they going to be reunited with their families? Why is the HHS Department denying Members of Con-gress access to the facilities? Why is it that when we are given en-trance into the facilities, as I was on Saturday, they are not allowing us to speak with the children who have been separated from their parents? Why is HHS refusing to provide us with infor-mation about these children, including what is being done right now to reunite them with their families? I thought I was going to have a good- news story to report to the Senate today, after talking to Barbara Flotus, whose name I was given, but I have been denied the opportunity to speak with her. The Secretary should have plenty of time between now and his testimony tomorrow before the Finance Com-mittee to find the information he needs to fully answer these questions. I want to be very clear about tomor-row’s hearing because this Senator will expect full answers to each of the ques-tions—no backtrack, no getting off on a different subject. The American peo-ple want to know about these children and when are they going to be re-united, and that was not covered in the President’s Executive order. There is no reason why this administration should be putting up barriers and pre-venting Members of Congress from doing their jobs and checking on the welfare of these children. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I come here to raise an issue, not with the actual bill we will be voting on today but with language included in a committee report accompanying the bill. The Environmental Protection Agen-cy has reportedly given out unprece-dented numbers of so-called small re-finery hardship waivers to the renew-able fuel standard. These are given, in some cases, to huge multibillion-dollar companies that probably would not be entitled to what is really a hardship. The EPA has yet to disclose what waivers it has granted and the ration-ale, but based on what has been re-ported, its actions seem pretty darn fishy, from my point of view. Refiners speaking with the press have noted: 
Anyone with a brain submitted an applica-tion. The EPA was handing out those exemp-tions like trick or treat candy. 
The EPA is hiding behind a very nar-row court case for specific refineries, as well as report language accom-panying last year’s Energy and Water appropriations bill. Neither I nor any other Senator voted for this report lan-guage. Report language accompanying bills are not actually law so they are not legally binding. Still, I wrote to the subcommittee that it should not include language purporting to tell the EPA to do any-thing other than follow the law. The law mandates blending 15 billion gal-lons of renewable fuels into our fuel supply. Estimates are that these retro-active waivers have reduced that by as much as 1.63 billion gallons. Every bil-lion gallons lost equates to a loss of more than 2 million acres of harvested corn and an increase in emissions. My constituents are outraged at this activity by the EPA. Agriculture Sec-retary Perdue has called these waivers, in his words, ‘‘demand destruction’’ for biofuels. I wrote to the Energy and Water Sub-committee that it should urge the EPA to disclose the waivers it gives and the rationale for any of these grants and that any waivers should not result in a lowering of the 15 billion gallon renew-able volume obligation in the law. I am disappointed that the appropri-ators didn’t include my commonsense language about transparency, but I am very upset that it renewed the previous language purporting to direct EPA how to consider small refinery waivers. The Appropriations Committee should drop the controversial report language and EPA should simply follow the law. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I would like to thank my colleagues for their work on the Legislative Branch portion of the appropriations package because, for the first time in nearly a decade—a decade—the Legislative Branch bill received floor consider-ation outside of the year-end omnibus. Because it is our job to ensure the timely funding of our government, re-turning to regular order on the Legis-lative Branch bill and all our other ap-propriations bills is a much needed change. The Legislative Branch appropria-tions bill is good news for trans-parency, for accountability, for tax-payers, and for security of the Capitol. This bill will increase public access to campaign filings. It will strengthen accountability in how government property is used. It will also make in-vestments that will help meet security needs on the Capitol campus. I thank Senator MURPHY , my ranking member, for working with me, in a bi-partisan manner, on amendments to the Legislative Branch division. The resulting bill makes sound investments in numerous priorities and will help en-sure the operations of the legislative process. I also very much appreciate the lead-ership and efforts of Chairman S
HELBY  and Vice Chairman L
EAHY on returning to regular order. I thank Senators A
LEXANDER , FEINSTEIN , BOOZMAN , and S
CHATZ for their work on the other two bills in this package. I urge my colleagues to support the adoption of this package of appropria-tions bills. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. BOOZMAN. Madam President, for the first time in a long time, we are bringing appropriations bill to the floor, debating amendments, and vot-ing on legislation. Shortly, the Senate will be voting on the first fiscal year 2019 spending bills. I am pleased the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and related agen-cies appropriations bills are part of this package. This is a bipartisan bill that funds the critical infrastructure for our Na-tion’s servicemembers, their families, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.010 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4359 June 25, 2018 
and takes care of America’s 20 million veterans. This is a good step in return-ing to regular order, with the Senate considering appropriations legislation in a timely fashion. We owe thanks to Chairman S
HELBY  and Ranking Member L
EAHY for pro-viding leadership for the transparent, bipartisan process. This bill was crafted in a truly open and collegial way. The subcommittee made thoughtful decisions about how to provide maximum readiness for the warfighter and prioritize investments to the VA so they can take care of our veterans. We took into account the request and preferences of all Members on both sides of the aisle and balanced it with the administration’s budget submis-sion. Within this framework, we have created a thoughtful and responsible path forward for both Departments and our related agencies. The bill provides $97.1 billion in dis-cretionary spending, which is $5.1 bil-lion over last year’s level. Within that, the Department of Veterans Affairs has provided a new record level of re-sources of $86.4 billion in discretionary funding, which is $5 billion over last year’s level and $1.1 billion over the President’s request. These resources will provide healthcare and other im-portant benefits earned by U.S. service-members. The bill also provides $10.3 billion to support military construction and fam-ily housing needs, a $228 million in-crease over last year’s level. This will fund a total of 169 military construc-tion projects that restore warfighter readiness and increase the lethality of our installations. A lot of time and energy has gone into putting this legislation together. I thank my staff, Patrick Magnuson, Jennifer Bastin, Joanne Hoff, and Car-los Elias, and, of course, Senator S
CHATZ and his staff—again, both groups working together in a very bi-partisan manner, working hard to ad-dress the needs of our servicemembers and our veterans. This is a good bill. It was reported out of committee without a single dis-senting vote, and I hope we will have unanimous support when we vote on final passage. I ask my colleagues to support this bill. Thank you. With that, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, U.S. Senators shouldn’t get an award for restoring the appropriations proc-ess any more than Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts should get a merit badge for telling the truth because that is what we are supposed to do, but the fact is, last week and tonight we have taken an appropriations process, which has been incomplete and broken for the last several years, and we have done what we are supposed to do. Sometimes the U.S. Senate has been like joining the Grand Ole Opry and not being allowed to sing. Senator MCCONNELL said before he became majority leader in 2015 that his goal was to follow the example of the Senate majority leader, Mike Mans-field, who was the leader when M
ITCH M
CCONNELL was a young legislative in-tern. M
ITCH MCCONNELL said he wanted to open up the Senate, and for quite a while, that turned out to be the case. As Senator M
CCONNELL has said: In the last year of the Democratic major-ity in 2014, there were only 15 rollcall votes on amendments the entire year. In the first year of the Republican ma-jority—that is 2015—there were over 200. One example from the committee of which I chair—the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee—was the bill fixing No Child Left Behind. Working with Senator M
URRAY , on the floor we considered 81 amendments. We had rollcall votes on 24, and we adopted 11. We had voice votes to accept 28, and we agreed to 27 amendments by unani-mous consent. That was the bill to fix No Child Left Behind. Another example is the Energy and Water appropriations bill we consid-ered 2 years ago. Working with Senator F
EINSTEIN of California, the Senate voted on 21 amendments and adopted 14. This year, we have fallen back into our bad habits with few amendment votes, but over this past week, we took an important step toward restoring the practice of considering appropriations bills under regular order. Just on the Energy and Water appro-priations bill—one of the three we will be voting on tonight—we have worked together in a fair and bipartisan man-ner to get a result. We held three hear-ings, a subcommittee markup, a full committee markup. Eighty-three Sen-ators made suggestions during the committee process—almost all of which we tried to accommodate in one way or another. Then, in committee, seven amendments were included in the managers’ package, plus we had two rollcall votes and adopted one amend-ment. Then, on the floor, the Energy and Water appropriations bill has been con-sidered with Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies appropriations bill and the Legislative Branch appropriations bill. For this package of bills, we adopted 7 amend-ments by rollcall and another 34 by unanimous consent. That adds up to what one might call restoring the prac-tice of regular order for appropriations from start to finish. The committee process has almost always been done. The part that has often been missing was the last part, the floor consideration. That is what is different about this year. I thank Senator M
CCONNELL and Sen-ator S
CHUMER —the two leaders—work-ing with Senator S
HELBY and Senator L
EAHY —the chairman and ranking member—for creating an environment in which we can get this done. It wouldn’t have happened if they had not done that. I also thank Senator BOOZMAN , Sen-ator D
AINES , Senator F EINSTEIN , Sen-ator M
URPHY , as well as Senator S
CHATZ . We all worked together last week and got a result. As I said at the beginning, Senators shouldn’t get a pat on the back for doing what we are supposed to do any more than Boy Scouts should get a merit badge for telling the truth, but we have done what we are supposed to do. It is an encouraging sign, and I hope it sets a precedent. For several years now, bipartisan majorities in Congress have appro-priated record levels of taxpayer dol-lars for government-sponsored re-search, science, and technology. This hasn’t always been noticed. President Trump has signed two of these appro-priation bills, and I want to suggest that the President include government- sponsored research, science, and tech-nology as part of his ‘‘America First’’ agenda. A principal reason the United States produces 24 percent of all the money in the world for just 5 percent of the peo-ple is the extraordinary concentration of brain power in the United States, supported by Federal dollars through our National Institutes of Health, our National Laboratories, the National Science Foundation, and other agen-cies. Senator G
ARDNER of Colorado dropped by my office the other day, and he said this: I was flying over the Middle East, and I looked down, and there were cars everywhere. I thought, well, Henry Ford invented the assem-bly line. Then it got to be dark, and there were lights everywhere, and I thought, well, Thomas Edison invented the light bulb. We were flying at 30,000 feet, and I thought, well, the Wright brothers invented the airplane. They are all Americans. I got to thinking, of course, that is not all. We have in-vented the internet, polio vaccine, the personal computer, nuclear power. You could make a long list. It is hard to think of any major technological in-vention since World War II that didn’t have some support from government- sponsored research. So I would like to tell President Trump and the Office of Management and Budget that science, research, in-novation, and technology is what helped to make America first and that he include that in his America First agenda. The funding in this bill is a good first step toward doing that. It prioritizes Federal spending to keep America first in energy research, and it increases funding to build the fastest supercom-puters in the world, and develop the next generation of supercomputers. Two weeks ago, Energy Secretary Rick Perry traveled to Oak Ridge, where he announced that the United States will regain the No. 1 position in supercomputing in the world. We com-pete for that every year with China and Japan. To stay ahead of China and Japan and other countries—those in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.012 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4360 June 25, 2018 
Europe, for example—that are empha-sizing science and technology and re-search costs money, but it is important to note that we have been able to do that with bipartisan majorities over the last several years—not by over-spending. We did it by setting prior-ities. The record funding that is part of this bipartisan budget agreement is a part of the 30 percent of the spending in the Federal budget that has been going up at about the rate of inflation for the last 10 years, and, according to the Congressional Budget Office, it will go up a little bit more than the rate of inflation for the next 10 years. So our record funding is achieved by setting priorities within budget limits. It is not the part of the Federal budget that is breaking the bank. That is the entitlement part, not the National Laboratories, not the national defense, not the National Institutes of Health, and not the national parks. They are within the part of the budget that is under control. Funding in this bill supports several important agencies, including the U.S. Department of Energy, the Corps of Engineers, the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration, the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, the Bureau of Rec-lamation, the Regional Commissions, including the Appalachian Regional Commission and the Delta Regional Authority. For the fourth consecutive year, as I was saying, we have included record funding levels in regular appropria-tions bills for the following activities: The U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science. This is the outfit that funds our 17 National Laboratories—our se-cret weapon. No other country in the world has National Laboratories like we do. The Office of Science is the Na-tion’s largest supporter of research in the physical sciences. It is funded at $6.65 billion, a new record level of fund-ing. The Office of Science provides fund-ing for the laboratories, including the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. Fund-ing for the Office of Science would in-crease by 6 percent next year if this legislation becomes law. Or let’s take supercomputing. I men-tioned that Secretary Perry went to the Oak Ridge National Laboratory last week. This bill provides a total of $1.68 billion for high-performance com-puting, including $980 million within the Office of Science and $703 million within the National Nuclear Security Administration. This amount includes $677 million to deliver at least one exascale machine in 2021 to reassert U.S. leadership in this critical area. This funding has been provided, on a bipartisan basis, for 10 years. I remem-ber Senator Bingaman of New Mexico encouraging me to go to Japan to see their supercomputer when Japan was No. 1 in the world. Because of that after 10 years of effort and support from Presidents Bush, Obama, and Trump, when they signed the bill, America is now No. 1 in supercom-puting. Or take an agency we call ARPA-E. It is funded at $375 million, record funding for a regular appropriations bill. ARPA-E, which is sort of a funny name, has a cousin with a funny name that is a little better known, named DARPA. DARPA is in the Department of Defense. Out of it has come won-drous new technologies from stealth to the internet, for example. So, 10 years ago, Congress decided to make an energy equivalent of DARPA, and we fund it every year to invest in high-impact energy technologies and quickly get these technologies out into the private sector. Another important part of this bill is the focus on efforts to clean up haz-ardous materials on Cold War-era sites. It provides $7.2 billion to support envi-ronmental cleanup, which is $581 mil-lion above the President’s budget re-quest. Still another important part of this bill is the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers, which touches the lives of al-most all Americans. Based upon the number of appropriations requests we get each year, the Corps of Engineers is the Federal Government’s most pop-ular agency. The Corps maintains our inland wa-terways. It deepens and keeps our ports open. It looks after many of our rec-reational waters and lands. It manages the river levels to prevent flooding. And its dams provide emission-free, re-newable hydroelectric energy. I can recall when I was a member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, after the Missouri and Mis-sissippi Rivers flooded, a whole room full of Senators showed up to ask for more money for their States to deal with what was wrong and to make things right. There is a real interest in what the Corps does. The bill restores $2.142 billion that was cut by the President’s budget re-quest, bringing the Corps’ budget up to $6.9 billion—a new record level of fund-ing in a regular appropriations bill. For the fifth consecutive year, the bill makes full use of the Inland Water-ways Trust Fund revenues for water in-frastructure projects. What that means is we take the tax money we collect from people who use the locks, and we spend it all on what we are supposed to spend it for, which is making the locks better. The bill also provides funding that exceeds the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund spending targets established by the Water Resources Development Act in 2014. This is the fifth consecutive year that the bill has met or exceeded that target, which is necessary to ade-quately fund our Nation’s harbors, in-cluding the ones in Mobile, in Savan-nah, in Long Beach, and many others across the country. There is $14.8 billion for the National Nuclear Security Administration, in-cluding $1.9 billion for six life exten-sion programs, which fix or replace components of weapons systems to make sure they are safe and reliable. We fund the Nuclear Regulatory Commission which oversees our 99 nu-clear reactors. Nuclear power provides 20 percent of our electricity and more than half of our carbon-free electricity. We include funding to ensure that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission is prepared to review applications for new reactors, particularly small reactors, advanced reactors, and to extend the li-censes of our existing reactors when it is safe to do so. The bill also provides $47 million for research and development for the De-partment of Energy to support existing reactors, $30 million for the Center for Advanced Simulation of Light Water Reactors, and $30 million for the trans-formational challenge reactor. The legislation also includes a pilot program that Senator F
EINSTEIN espe-cially has pushed, and I have joined her, to consolidate nuclear waste and move it away from the sites where they now are. Funding is also there to take the first steps toward being able to store nuclear waste in private facili-ties. In conclusion, it is important that the American people know that the Re-publican majority in Congress has worked with Democrats to provide record levels of funding for science, re-search, and technology. We want to keep America first on both sides of the aisle, and this bipartisan support is not limited to the Energy and Water Devel-opment Appropriations Subcommittee. It is true in our other subcommittees as well. The National Science Foundation has increased by $200 million this year and another $300 million for next year. It gives 11,000 grants to universities and institutions around the country. And, perhaps most important, in fiscal year 2018, for the third straight year, the subcommittee chaired by Senator B
LUNT and Senator M URRAY provided increased funding for the National In-stitutes of Health and biomedical re-search—$2 billion additional dollars in the first year, $2 billion the second year, and $2 billion the third year, which is in addition to the money— nearly $5 billion—in the 21st Century Cures Act that focuses on the Precision Medicine Initiative and the Cancer Moonshot, among other things. Senator B
LUNT says that over 3 years, that is a 23-percent increase. So I would say two things to those who haven’t noticed this quiet develop-ment. No. 1: Congress is doing what it is supposed to do. We are not asking for an award any more than the Boy Scouts get a merit badge for telling the truth, but we are doing what we are supposed to do on appropriations from start to finish on these three bills. No. 2: We are funding science and re-search and technology at record lev-els—record levels. It is important to keep America competitive in the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.015 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4361 June 25, 2018 
I thank our staffs who have worked together on this bill. On my staff are Tyler Owens, Adam DeMella, Meyer Seligman, Jen Armstrong, Molly Marsh, and Rachel Littleton. On Senator F
EINSTEIN ’s staff are Doug Clapp, Chris Hanson, and Samantha Nelson. I look forward to continuing with the regular order and going to conference with the House of Representatives. I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this legislation. I thank Senator L
EAHY and Senator S
CHATZ , who are both on the floor, as well as Senator S
CHUMER , Senator M
CCONNELL , and the other Senators who have spoken today for creating an environment that allows us to succeed. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I want to thank Chairman A
LEXANDER as well as Vice Chair L
EAHY , Chairman S
HELBY , Chairman B OOZMAN , and many other people who have made this mini-bus work. We are going to adopt it to-night. I hope that our work over the last week has set the tone for the Sen-ate’s consideration of the remaining appropriations bills. We have opened debate and consid-ered a number of amendments, and we have avoided controversial issues that have too often torpedoed our work in prior years. Between rollcall votes and the managers’ package, we have adopt-ed 40 amendments, including 14 to the MILCON-VA appropriations bill. This speaks volumes to the bipartisan co-operation that I expect will continue as we try to get back to some semblance of the regular order as it relates to the appropriations process. I especially want to thank my col-league from Arkansas, Chairman B
OOZ-
MAN, for managing a fair amendment process and for working to keep the bill bipartisan. I want to thank sub-committee staff Patrick Magnuson, Jennifer Bastin, and Joanne Hoff. And from my subcommittee staff, I thank Chad Schulken and Jason McMahon. They worked late nights reviewing hundreds of amendments. I also want to thank our counter-parts on the Energy and Water and Legislative Branch Subcommittees, and their staffs, for their great work over the past few months to put to-gether bills that I believe will pass overwhelmingly today. Lastly, it is important to thank Chairman S
HELBY and Vice Chairman L
EAHY for getting us to this point. By the end of the week, we will have re-ported out of the full committees all 12 government funding bills with 3 having passed the floor, and all before July 4. That is what is possible when there is a commitment to making this place work. I will just call out one particular mo-ment that actually impressed me. Things got a little wobbly when the re-scissions package, which was a privi-leged matter, hit the floor. We had a couple of tough conversations, but we navigated our way through that. Then there was an amendment offered that was in order, but it was about waters of the United States. Without getting into great detail about this, there is probably nothing that causes people to go put on their partisan jerseys more than WOTUS—waters of the United States. Chairman SHELBY and many Republicans, including Leader M
CCON-
NELL , said, essentially: Listen, I am with you, Senator L
EE, in principle, but this is not the bill on which to do this. That is the kind of discipline that is going to be required of both parties if we are going to keep the appropria-tions process on track and allow it to be held harmless from some of our more partisan disputes. Their strong leadership and that of their staffs—Shannon Hines, Jonathan Graffeo, and David Adkins from the majority and, of course, Chuck Kieffer, Chanda Betourney, and Jessica Berry from the minority—have gotten us where we are today. I urge all of my colleagues to support the minibus package. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ap-preciate the comments of the Senator from Tennessee and the Senator from Hawaii. I have enjoyed working with both of them because look where we are. This is somewhere we have not been for a number of years. It is where we used to be—certainly for the first few decades I was here. It is where we were when Senator A
LEXANDER or my hero, Senator Baker, were here. What we are doing is voting on final passage of the first package of Senate appropriations bills for fiscal year 2019. The minibus before us contains a string of appropriations bills: the Energy and Water appropriations bill, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs ap-propriations bill, and the Legislative Branch appropriations bill. We will have these votes in a matter of half an hour, and they will only take a few minutes, but there are hours and hours and days and weeks that went into this by both Republicans and Democrats. Chairman S
HELBY and I worked very closely with Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator S
CHUMER . Both Senator S
HELBY as chairman and I as vice chairman committed to getting the ap-propriations process back on track. We both have been here when the Senate has been in a better place because the appropriations process worked. Our strategy has been to advance appro-priations bills that have bipartisan support, comply with the budget deal and are free of poison pill riders or con-troversial authorizing legislation. What we have before us is the first test of that strategy. I think both Repub-licans and Democrats should be pretty pleased with the result. We had a good debate on this package of bills, including the last eight rollcall votes. We adopted a managers’ package that contained 32 amendments on which we have reached agreement. This minibus is the result of hard work and compromise on the part of the chair and ranking member of each sub-committee, and I urge Senators to vote aye on final passage. Importantly, during the debate on this package of bills, as just men-tioned, the Senate voted to table a con-troversial amendment offered by Sen-ator LEEto overturn the 2015 clean water rule related to waters of the United States. This rule was designed to prevent pollutants from spreading through tributaries into our Nation’s drinking water supply. I felt that the amendment not only would have driven a stake through the heart of the clean water rule, it would have done so with-out having to abide by the Administra-tive Procedure Act, it would have ef-fectively eliminated the American pub-lic from any participation in the proc-ess, and it would have sidestepped and allowed arbitrary and capricious stand-ards, which we cannot have, if we had repealed the rule. I opposed this amendment not only because I believe that repealing the clean water rule would be shortsighted, and that doing it in this manner would set a terrible precedent for the next bedrock environmental regulation, but also because this is precisely the type of poison pill policy rider both Repub-licans and Democrats have worked so hard to avoid. The adoption of the Lee amendment would have endangered our ability to complete our work on the minibus. We tabled the amendment, and we had votes from both sides of the aisle, in-cluding from Senators who agreed with the substance of the Lee amendment, but they recognized this reality as well—that adopting it would stop the whole bill. That is how the process should work. By focusing on funding matters, by avoiding controversial pol-icy riders, we have ended the Senate debate with a bipartisan product that both Democrats and Republicans can support. I went on at some length on this be-cause I am concerned that the House is pursuing a different path. They are taking up partisan bills and filling them with poison pill riders that can-not and will not pass the U.S. Senate, and they know that, including a rider similar to the defeated Lee amend-ment. Democrats proceeded to this package of bills in good faith, and we will go into conference negotiations with that same approach, but if our progress is to continue, we cannot sign conference reports on bills that can’t pass the Senate. They must be bills that can pass the Senate, bills that both Republicans and Democrats can vote for, and that means they have to be free of poison pills from the right or the left. This minibus provides significant re-sources for the support and care of our Nation’s veterans and their family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.016 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4362 June 25, 2018 
members, and it makes critical invest-ments in our country’s water infra-structure and energy programs. It should not be used as a vehicle to ad-vance a partisan political agenda. Before concluding my remarks, there is one issue we were not able to address in the Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs bill that must be ad-dressed in conference. The bill still does not provide enough money to cover the costs associated with the VA Choice Program, which was transferred to the discretionary side of the budget under the MISSION Act. The MISSION Act only provided funding for this pro-gram through May of 2019, leaving the balance unaddressed. To cover the shortfall, we are going to need an esti-mated $1.6 billion more in fiscal year 2019 and an additional $8.6 billion in fis-cal year 2020 and $9.5 billion in fiscal year 2021 to cover the Veterans Affairs Choice Program. These costs were not accounted for when we negotiated the budget caps in the bipartisan budget deal, so the chairman and the ranking member of the subcommittee were un-able to address the shortfall within their allocation without cutting fund-ing for other important programs. Senator S
HELBY and I filed an amend-ment—the Complete the MISSION amendment—which would have pro-vided the flexibility needed to make sure we fulfill this commitment to our veterans without triggering sequestra-tion or without having to cut other valuable veterans programs. I would note that on June 19, we re-ceived a letter from 33 veterans service organizations representing millions of veterans, servicemembers, and their families in support of the amendment Chairman S
HELBY and I filed. I ask unanimous consent to have this letter printed in the R
ECORD at the conclu-sion of my remarks. Unfortunately, we were not able to reach agreement to get a vote on our amendment or have it included in the managers’ package, but Chairman S
HELBY and I remain committed to solving this problem in conference. If we don’t do so, we will jeopardize the healthcare and well-being of the men and women who have faithfully served our country, who relied on the prom-ises made by our country when they served our country, and I am not will-ing to accept going back on our coun-try’s promise. I thank Chairman S
HELBY , and I thank the Republican chairs and the Democratic ranking members of each subcommittee for their hard work. As the longest serving Member of this body, I think we provided a roadmap to consider the rest of the appropriations bills, going back to doing it the way we have done it under both Republican and Democratic leadership and where the country is better off. I also want to thank Shannon H. Hines, Jonathan Graffeo, David Adkins, Tyler Owens, Jen Armstrong, Adam DeMella, Meyer Seligman, Ra-chel Littleton, Molly Marsh, Sarah Boliek, Lucas Agnew, Patrick Magnu-son, Jennifer Bastin, Joanne Hoff, and Carlos Elias of the majority staff and Charles Kieffer, Chanda Betourney, Doug Clapp, Chris Hanson, Samantha Nelson, Melissa Zimmerman, Jean Kwon, Chad Schulken, Jason McMa-hon, Jessica Berry, and Jordan Stone on the minority staff for their work on these bills. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
JUNE19, 2018. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNNY ISAKSON , Chairman, Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK SCHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. J
ONTESTER , Ranking Member, Senate Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, Washington, DC. D
EAR LEADER MCCONNELL , LEADER SCHU-
MER, CHAIRMAN ISAKSON AND RANKING MEM-
BERTESTER : On behalf of the millions of vet-erans, service members and family members we represent and advocate for, we want to first thank you for passage of the VA MIS-SION Act (P.L. 115–182), historic legislation that will consolidate and reform VA’s com-munity care programs; strengthen VA’s abil-ity to recruit, hire and retain medical per-sonnel; review, realign and modernize VA’s health care infrastructure; and extend eligi-bility to VA’s comprehensive caregiver as-sistance program to veterans severely in-jured before September 11, 2001. With the law set to begin taking effect next year, it is im-perative that Congress now ensure that VA has the resources necessary to fully and faithfully implement the many critical pro-visions of this legislation. For that reason, we urge you and all Sen-ators to support and vote for Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy’s new ‘‘Complete the Mission’’ amendment, which would allow Congress to provide VA with sufficient resources required to implement the provisions of the VA MISSION Act, with-out triggering sequestration or requiring cuts to other VA programs. As you know, the VA MISSION Act would effectively move funding responsibility for care currently provided through the Vet-erans Choice Program from mandatory ap-propriations to a new discretionary program that must fit within overall domestic discre-tionary caps. However, the current domestic discretionary budget cap for FY 2019, and the anticipated caps for FY 2020 and FY 2021, did not contemplate the new and increased costs associated with the VA MISSION Act. As such, Congress may not have the ability to fully fund all of the programs, benefits and services that our veterans, their families and survivors have earned. It is imperative that VA not be forced to choose between fully funding its hospitals and clinics for veterans seeking care inside the VA health care system, or fully funding community care for veterans who would oth-erwise be forced to wait too long or travel too far to access VA care. We do not want to return to a time when veterans were forced onto waiting lists to get the care they have earned through their service and sacrifice. The new Shelby-Leahy ‘‘Complete the Mis-sion’’ amendment would allow Congress to appropriate additional discretionary funding to meet the new requirements of the VA MISSION Act without triggering sequestra-tion. However, unlike a prior amendment that had been discussed, this amendment would limit the amount of such funding to just $1.6 billion for FY 2018, $8.67 billion for FY 2019 and $9.5 billion for FY 2020. We are very concerned that without assur-ance of sufficient funding, reform and mod-ernization of the VA health care system— which millions of ill and injured veterans rely on—could be delayed or endangered. Further, tens of thousands of caregivers for severely injured veterans might have to con-tinue waiting before they can receive the benefits they deserve. For these reasons, it is absolutely critical that the Shelby-Leahy ‘‘Complete the Mission’’ amendment to the MilCon-VA Appropriations bill be adopted by the Senate, approved by the House, and en-acted into law. As leaders of the nation’s veterans and military service organizations, we again want to thank you for approving the VA MISSION Act in order to fulfill the promises our nation owes to the men and women who served. We now call on you to ensure that VA has sufficient funding to implement this legislation by supporting and voting for the Shelby-Leahy ‘‘Complete the Mission’’ amendment to the MilCon-VA Appropria-tions bill. Millions of injured and ill veterans and their family caregivers are counting on your support. Respectfully, Garry J. Augustine, Washington Executive Director, DAV (Disabled American Vet-erans); Louis Celli, Jr., Executive Director, Government & Veterans Affairs, The Amer-ican Legion; Joseph R. Chenelly, Executive Director, AMVETS; Dana T. Atkins, Lieu-tenant General, U.S. Air Force (Ret.), Presi-dent, Military Officers Association of Amer-ica; Robert E. Wallace, Executive Director, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States; Carl Blake, Executive Director, Par-alyzed Veterans of America; Rick Weidman, Executive Director for Policy, Vietnam Vet-erans of America; Rene Bardof, Senior Vice President, Government & Community Rela-tions, Wounded Warrior Project; Paul Rieckhoff, Founder and CEO, Iraq and Af-ghanistan Veterans of America; Steve Schwab, Executive Director, Elizabeth Dole Foundation; Norman Rosenshein, Chairman, Jewish War Veterans of the USA; Jon Ostrowski, Senior Chief, USCGR, Retired, Director, Government Affairs, Non Commis-sioned Officers Association; RADM Chris-topher Cole, USN (Ret.), National Executive Director, Association of the United States Navy; Michael Cowan MD, VADM USN (Ret), Executive Director, AMSUS; Neil Van Ess, National Commander, Military Order of the Purple Heart. Deirdre Park Holleman, Esq, Washington Executive Director, The Retired Enlisted As-sociation; Bonnie Carroll, President and Founder, Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors; Randy Reid, Executive Director, U.S. Coast Guard Chief Petty Officers Asso-ciation; Paul K. Hopper, Colonel, USMC (Ret.), National President, Marine Corps Re-serve Association; Kristina Kaufman, Execu-tive Director, Code of Support Foundation. Joseph C. Bogart MA, Executive Director, Blinded Veteran’s Association; John H. Mad-igan, Jr., Vice President and Chief Public Policy Officer, American Foundation for Sui-cide Prevention; James T. (Jim) Currie, Ph.D., Colonel, USA (Ret.), Executive Direc-tor, Commissioned Officers Association, of the U.S. Public Health Service; CW4 (Ret.) Jack Du Teil, Executive Director, United States Army Warrant Officers Association; E.J. Sinclair, Army Aviation Association of America; Harriet Boyden, Gold Star Wives of America; James R. Sweeney, Reserve Offi-cers Association; Thomas J. Snee, National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.017 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4363 June 25, 2018 
Executive Director, Fleet Reserve Associa-tion; Jim Lorraine, President/CEO, Amer-ica’s Warrior Partnership; Keith Reed, Exec-utive Director, Air Force Sergeants Associa-tion; Representative of the Enlisted Associa-tion of the National Guard of the US; Mi-chael P. Hughes, Naval Enlisted Reserve Assn.; Lydia Watts, Service Women’s Action Network. A
LPHABETICAL LIST OF LETTER SIGNERS  1. Air Force Sergeants Association (AFSA) 2. American Foundation for Suicide Pre-vention (AFSP) 3. America’s Warrior Partnership 4. The American Legion 5. AMSUS, The Society of Federal Health Professionals 6. AMVETS (American Veterans) 7. Army Aviation Association of America (AAAA) 8. Association of the US Navy (AUSN) 9. Blinded Veterans Association (BVA) 10. Code of Support Foundation (COSF) 11. Commissioned Officers Association of the US Public Health Services Inc (COA) 12. DAV (Disabled American Veterans) 13. Elizabeth Dole Foundation (EDF) 14. Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the US (EANGUS) 15. Fleet Reserve Association (FRA) 16. Gold Star Wives of America (GSW) 17. Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of Amer-ica (IAVA) 18. Jewish War Veterans (JWV) 19. Marine Corps Reserve Association (MCRA) 20. Military Officers Association of Amer-ica (MOAA) 21. Military Order of the Purple Heart (MOPH) 22. Naval Enlisted Reserve Association (NERA) 23. Non Commissioned Officers Association of the USA (NCOA) 24. Paralyzed Veterans of America (PVA) 25. Reserve Officers Association (ROA) 26. Service Women’s Action Network (SWAN) 27. The Retired Enlisted Association (TREA) 28. Tragedy Assistance Program for Sur-vivors (TAPS) 29. US Army Warrant Officers Association (USAWOA) 30. USCG Chief Petty Officers Association (CPOA) 31. Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) 32. Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) 33. Wounded Warrior Project (WWP) 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I do not see anybody seeking recognition. I suggest the absence of a quorum, with the time equally divided. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, before we vote this afternoon, I want to thank my colleagues in the Senate, provide a status update on the appropriations processes before us, and urge the Sen-ate to stay the course. First, I thank Leaders M
CCONNELL  and S
CHUMER for bringing this package to the floor and facilitating an open amendment process. I also thank the bill managers—par-ticularly Senator ALEXANDER —for their work in crafting strong bipar-tisan bills and keeping the process on track. In addition, I express my apprecia-tion to Senator L
EAHY , the vice chair-man of the Appropriations Committee. Vice Chairman L
EAHY is a man of his word, and that has been essential to the committee’s ability to move bills. Finally, I thank all of my colleagues for their cooperation and their input during floor consideration of this pack-age. At the outset of this debate, I chal-lenged all Senators to follow through on their calls for a return to regular order. To that end, several amend-ments received up-or-down votes on the floor, and dozens more from both sides were included in the managers’ pack-age. We also rejected controversial au-thorizing provisions for the good of the process. As we are getting ready to vote on final passage, I hope my colleagues agree that we are headed in the right direction. I recognize that this package must still be reconciled with the House version before we can get it to the President’s desk, but I am optimistic that we can do that in short order. We also cannot forget that nine other appropriations bills remain. The Ap-propriations Committee has already re-ported seven of these remaining bills to the full Senate, all with strong bipar-tisan margins. This week, the committee will mark up the final two appropriations bills— Defense and Labor-HHS—and I am hop-ing for a similar result. While we are about a quarter of a way through the 2019 appropriations process, we still have a long way to go, but we do have a framework for suc-cess—no poison pill riders, no new au-thorizations of law, no nongermane provisions. I have said it many times before, and I will keep saying it: This is the basis of the agreement I have with Vice Chairman L
EAHY . This is the ap-proach our subcommittee chairmen and ranking members have adopted in producing strong and balanced bills. This is the way to avoid the catch-all spending measures and shutdowns we all detest. This is how the appropria-tions process is supposed to work. This is simply what the American people ex-pect both parties to do. Looking ahead, I don’t think any of us are naive about the potential for partisan politics to snake its way back into the appropriations process. To-morrow is a different day, as we know, after all. But we all have a constitu-tional responsibility to allocate tax-payer money in a deliberate manner, and we have a viable path forward. So it is my hope that today marks a new day for the appropriations process in the U.S. Senate. To all of my colleagues, I want to thank you for your cooperation. I ask that you continue to work with us in the weeks ahead so that we can suc-cessfully pass all 12 appropriations bills on the Senate floor. With that, I urge my colleagues to support the bill that will come before the Senate in a few minutes. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. FLAKE ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN, and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ  M
ASTO ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 86, nays 5, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 139 Leg.] YEAS—86 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Lankford Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.028 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4364 June 25, 2018 
Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—5 
Gillibrand Lee Markey Paul Warren 
NOT VOTING—9 
Booker Cortez Masto Duckworth Flake Graham Isakson Klobuchar McCain Sullivan 
The bill (H.R. 5895), as amended, was passed. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 483, H.R. 2, an act to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Deb Fischer, Mike Rounds, John Barrasso, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker, Shelley Moore Capito, Steve Daines, John Boozman, Orrin G. Hatch, Thom Tillis, David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Richard Burr, Cindy Hyde-Smith, Pat Roberts. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2, an act to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ  M
ASTO ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 89, nays 3, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 140 Leg.] YEAS—89 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—3 
Heller Lee Menendez 
NOT VOTING—8 
Booker Cortez Masto Duckworth Flake Graham Klobuchar McCain Sullivan 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 89, the nays are 3. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion to pro-ceed. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 483, H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other pur-poses. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nomina-tion: Executive Calendar No. 726; that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Shall the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Frank T. Brogan, of Pennsylvania, to be Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary Education, Department of Education? The nomination was confirmed. f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority lead-er, in consultation with the Demo-cratic leader, the Senate proceed to ex-ecutive session for the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar No. 601. I ask consent that there then be 5 hours of debate, equally divided, and that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING FRANCIS VOIGT Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it is with a mixture of pride and sadness that I recognize the life of a friend, Francis ‘‘Fran’’ Voigt, the cofounder of the New England Culinary Institute of Montpelier, VT. Fran passed away in May, leaving a strong legacy and many family and friends. Fran Voigt was an innovator, who originally came to Vermont to teach at Goddard College. In 1969, he came to Vermont with his wife, poet Ellen Bry-ant Voigt, who would later serve as Vermont’s poet laureate. He was part of a faculty and staff at Goddard that changed the culture of central Vermont. While at Goddard, Fran de-veloped programs in many fields, in-cluding social ecology and art therapy. Fran believed in hands-on education, both at Goddard and later at the New England Culinary Institute, known lo-cally as NECI, which he cofounded in 1980. The New England Culinary Institute, which began in the basement of Montpelier’s Capitol Plaza Hotel and Conference Center, grew quickly and garnered national attention. Fran and NECI were soon at the forefront of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.019 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4365 June 25, 2018 
country’s progressive culinary edu-cation movement and were recognized by President Bill Clinton as first run-ner-up for the Nation’s small business of the year in 1994. In 2000, Fran was named Vermont Citizen of the Year by the Vermont Chamber of Commerce. Vermont’s culinary landscape was forever changed by the New England Culinary Institute, as its students opened and worked at restaurants throughout the State. In memory of Fran Voigt, I ask unan-imous consent that the article by Ste-phen Mills in the May 22 edition of the Barre Montpelier Times Argus, ‘‘NECI founder revered for student model,’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Barre Montpelier Times Argus, May 22, 2018] NECI F
OUNDER REVERED FOR STUDENT MODEL  (By Stephen Mills) M
ONTPELIER .—The Capital City reacted to news of the death of Fran Voigt, co-founder of the New England Culinary Institute, who died at his Cabot home Monday. He was 78. Voigt and co-founder John Dranow, and their wives, Ellen Bryant Voigt and Louise Gluck, respectively met at Goddard College and started the legendary cooking school with seven students in the basement of the Capitol Plaza Hotel & Conference Center on State Street in 1980. At the height of its success, the business was honored in 1994 by former President Bill Clinton as first runner-up for the nation’s small business of the year. It boasted a high of 800 students, and a number of academic of-ferings and outlets that still include the flagship NECI on Main restaurant and La Brioche bakery and caf´e, and food service at National Life and the cafeteria at Vermont College of Fine Arts, all in Montpelier. Other operations, included a second campus in Essex and NECI Commons, a restaurant on Church Street in Burlington, which were dis-continued. More recent contracts included a $200,000 contract to train cooks for the U.S. Coast Guard and a three-year contract to de-sign and deliver a training program for cul-inary staff at Sandals resorts in the Carib-bean. But NECI also was at the center of a protracted legal dispute in 1999 that landed in the Vermont Supreme Court after Voigt and the wives had a falling out with Dranow who was ousted, and sued but finally settled. NECI is now run by Milan Milasinovic, who is also president of Virginia Marti College of Art and Design in Ohio and merged the two schools last June after Voigt stepped down as president in January 2017. It has about 200 students. Voigt’s daughter, Dudley, said there would be no public service, but the family hoped to hold a memorial service later. ‘‘We would just say that he died at home after a long illness,’’ she said. ‘‘We feel that we’re very proud of NECI,’’ Dudley Voigt said. ‘‘We watched him build it, and it was a unique coalescing of all of his talents and gifts and curiosities.’’ According to an obituary provided by the family to be published in The Times Argus, Francis George Wilheim Voigt was born in in Oskaloosa, Iowa, March 27, 1940, after his parents emigrated from Germany. He grad-uated from Wesleyan University in 1962 and earned a graduate degree in political theory from the University of Iowa where he met his wife, Ellen Bryant Voigt. The couple came to central Vermont as educational idealists in 1969. Fran Voigt accepted a teaching position at Goddard College and de-veloped some of the skills he used to build the hands-on education that became the model for NECI where students started in the kitchen in the classroom and the stu-dent-teacher ratio was 7–1. The NECI motto was: ‘‘Learning by doing.’’ In addition to his lifelong work at NECI, Voigt was also an active member of the Vermont Business Roundtable, Rotary Inter-national, the Cabot School and the Vermont Chamber of Commerce, which named him Vermont Citizen of the Year in 2000. He was also recognized in the community for his sig-nature bow ties and antique Citro¨ens. Milan Milasinovic credited Voigt with vi-sionary leadership and commitment to the NECI model of culinary arts and being a mentor to all at the school. ‘‘He became a dear friend of mine in the last couple of years of his life,’’ he said. ‘‘It’s a huge loss. He was our founding father and he made NECI very innovative and a force as a culinary school in the United States. It’s all because of his entrepreneurial spirit. I’m sure the people at NECI will miss him great-ly. We loved this man a lot.’’ U.S. Sen. Patrick Leahy credited Voigt with being ‘‘at the forefront of the progres-sive culinary education movement nation-ally,’’ and said the Vermont food scene would not be what it is today without Voigt’s contribution and leadership. ‘‘His vision, hard work and dedication in founding and continually reinventing NECI leaves a lasting legacy that extends well be-yond Vermont,’’ Leahy said. ‘‘He helped give expression to Vermont’s tradition of quality, taste and excellence. Vermont’s culinary landscape owes a significant debt to his vi-sion, and so do the communities that were nourished, enriched and enlivened by those trained under his leadership.’’ Montpelier Mayor Anne Watson added: ‘‘Fran Voigt made substantial cultural con-tributions to Montpelier, and I’m certainly saddened to have lost him. We send our con-dolences to his family.’’ The family has requested that in lieu of flowers, donations be made in Voigt’s name to the NECI scholarship fund or to the Vermont Foodbank. f 
TAX REFORM Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, as you may know, I was a strong supporter of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that passed this body and was signed into law last year. With every passing day, we are hearing more about the positive effects this law is having on the economy as a whole and about companies, both large and small, making investments in their employees and in their businesses. In identifying the positive impacts that the law has had on the overall economy and for individual taxpayers, it is sometimes forgotten that small busi-nesses have also benefited from the law. As chairman of the Senate Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship, I supported the tax law because I believed it would reduce taxes for the small businesses that em-ploy millions of workers all across America, while allowing small business owners to invest in new equipment and increase economic growth. A few weeks ago, I began this series of speeches to bring attention to small businesses that have benefited from this law. While many news reports have fo-cused on the impact that the new tax law has had on individuals and large corporations, I rise today to discuss how Quake Manufacturing, a small business in Fort Wayne, IN, has bene-fited from tax reform. Quake Manufac-turing produces high-quality machined parts for its customers. The company uses high-tech computer numerical control, CNC, machines to manufacture several types of metal and plastic fix-tures, gauges, prototype parts, and mass-produced parts. Quake Manufac-turing employs 12 workers, has an 8,000-square-foot facility, four CNC ma-chining centers, and six lathes. Her-mann Quake started the company in 1990 and has watched as the company has expanded into the automotive and consumer goods sectors. In 1999, Her-mann retired, and his son Paul took over day-to-day operations of the fam-ily business. Because of the tax law that was passed last year, this family-owned small business has already been able to invest more in its employees. After the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law, demand for manufactured parts in-creased and business quickly picked up for the company. Due to this renewed economic confidence, Paul was able to give all of his employees a one-time $1,000 bonus and a gym membership and increase employee benefits by add-ing long-term disability, short-term disability, and dental insurance to their health plans. These investments in his employees will help him to at-tract and maintain qualified workers, which is important in an industry that prides itself on attention to detail. Tax reform has had a tangible impact on small businesses like Quake Manufac-turing and their employees. Overall, the new law has increased small busi-nesses’ confidence, allowed businesses to increase employee bonuses and bene-fits, while also lowering taxes and spurring new capital investment. 
f 
TANZANIA Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise to call attention to the trend of in-creasing restrictions on basic freedoms in Tanzania, a country that appeared to be on a path toward greater democ-racy and political openness. I am deep-ly concerned about reports of Tanza-nian security forces’ use of repressive laws, decrees, and actions to harass those who disagree with the current re-gime and unattributed attacks on democratically elected opposition party officials. I call upon the Trump administration to increase its efforts to encourage the government of Tan-zania to support individual and collec-tive freedoms, freedom of expression, and civil liberties. Such norms are the hallmarks of a healthy democracy and are among the basic rights and duties guaranteed to Tanzania’s citizens under their constitution. These reports are troubling because, on the whole, Tanzania is among the most stable and peaceful countries in the region. Tanzania is a top African 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.021 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4366 June 25, 2018 
contributor of personnel to inter-national peacekeeping operations, and we honor the sacrifice of the Tanzanian people, who have lost nearly 50 peace-keepers during these vital missions, in-cluding 14 killed in the Democratic Re-public of Congo. It is one of the leading African economies and had the sixth largest GDP in Africa, according to IMF data published in April. U.S.-Tanzanian ties have, for many years, been cordial, and U.S. bilateral aid expanded significantly under the previous two U.S. administrations. The U.S. has had a robust development re-lationship with Tanzania, including in-vestments in some of our premier de-velopment programs, such as Feed the Future, the Global Health Initiative, the Global Climate Change Initiative, Power Africa, the President’s Emer-gency Plan for AIDS Relief— PEPFAR—and Trade Africa. Since 1962, Tanzania has hosted a Peace Corps pro-gram. In 2013, Tanzania also success-fully completed a Millennium Chal-lenge Corporation, MCC, funded Com-pact. Upon taking office in October 2015, President John Pombe Magufuli pledged to stamp out public corruption and make his government accountable to ordinary citizens, and he has taken some steps to do so. He made an unan-nounced visit to the Ministry of Fi-nance to see civil servants at work on his first day as President and redi-rected funds from Independence Day celebrations toward anticholera oper-ations. He initiated corruption reviews of the Tanzanian Port Authority and Tanzanian Revenue authority, result-ing in the dissolution of an ineffective board and purging of civil servant rolls of ‘‘phantom staff.’’ According to AfroBarometer surveys, the govern-ment’s handling of corruption in public office has had a positive impact, reduc-ing citizens’ perceptions of institu-tional corruption in key public agen-cies. By many measures, Tanzania is doing fairly well. My purpose is not to offer gratuitous criticisms of Tanzania or its people, but to register my strong con-cern that the progress of the last dec-ade and a half in the areas of democ-racy and respect for civil liberties may be undergoing a reversal right before our eyes. Tanzania’s success in advanc-ing economically and politically is what makes the current political back-sliding so troubling. I fear that while we are all rightly focused on the re-solving the many crises on the con-tinent and around the globe, the grad-ual downward spiral of respect for civil liberties in Tanzania is proceeding un-noticed, unremarked, and unchallenged by its friends and partners. As we ad-dress crises throughout the region and the world, we must also be mindful of the maintenance of strong democratic institutions, good governance, and ac-countability which ultimately secure resilient communities. The Magufuli Presidency has been marked by three troubling trends. First is the rise in recent years in the harassment of opposition political fig-ures and restrictions on their activi-ties. In September 2017, Tundu Lissu, a Member of Parliament—MP—and Par-liamentary chief whip of the opposition Chadema party was shot by unknown assailants and seriously wounded. Lissu, who is also the president of the Tanganyika Law Society, is a fierce critic of President Magufuli and his government, but also a longstanding critic of corruption who may face hos-tility from many quarters. Lissu has often been arrested for his long-standing criticism of the government. Other opposition Parliamentarians face police harassment. In late Sep-tember 2017, police arrested a Chadema MP after a party event, and at least two other MPs complained that police were prohibiting meetings with con-stituents. In February of this year, the U.S. Embassy released a statement of con-cern about the rise in politically re-lated confrontations after reports of kidnapping and violence in Tanzania that resulted in the death of Daniel John, who was a leader of a local oppo-sition party, and the injury of opposi-tion supporter Reginald Mallya. Second is closing media space. Ac-cording to the 2017 World Press Free-dom Index, published by Reporters Without Borders, RSF, Tanzania dropped 12 places between 2016 to 2017 to 83 out of 180. While this is the best score in east Africa, RSF stated that the climate for journalism ‘‘has not improved since John Magufuli’s elec-tion.’’ Tanzania was ranked alongside Turkey, which indicates just how sig-nificantly Tanzania’s democratic space has shrunk under the Magufuli regime. Newspapers have faced suspension or other sanction for coverage deemed critical of the government. In Sep-tember 2017, the government banned the publication of two newspapers, in one case for 90 days and in another for 2 years, and 3 months after another publication was also shuttered for 2 years. In January 2018, the Committee to Protect Journalists reported that Tanzania’s regulatory commission im-posed fines on five television stations for ostensibly ‘‘broadcasting seditious and unbalanced content.’’ The stations were fined after reporting on human rights abuses by security personnel and unidentified assailants during a No-vember 2017 ward by-election. President Magufuli signed the con-troversial media services bill just a month into his tenure. The bill re-placed independent media oversight mechanisms with a government-con-trolled one, and requires all journalists to get accreditation from a govern-ment-appointed board. This leaves them vulnerable to manipulation and undue pressure to provide coverage fa-vorable to the state and majority party. In April 2016, then-Information Min-ister Nape Nnauye ordered a halt to live broadcasts of Tanzania’s Par-liamentary proceedings, denying jour-nalists the ability to report accurate information and denying the public the right to transparency from their gov-ernment. In November, President Magufuli signed in to law the Media Service Act 2016, which, among other measures, requires media houses to ‘‘broadcast or publish news or issues of national importance as the government may direct,’’ effectively giving the gov-ernment outsize influence in control-ling media messaging. The government then moved to restrict online content when, in September 2017, Tanzania’s National Assembly passed the Elec-tronic and Postal Communications (Online Content) Regulations. The reg-ulations empower the Tanzanian Com-munications Regulatory Authority to monitor and surveil online blogs and internet cafes and ban ‘‘offensive, mor-ally improper’’ content. This restricts debate and has a chilling effect on the expression of views critical of govern-ment. If there is any doubt as to whether the government seeks to control the media, we have only to look at what President Magufuli himself said in March 2017: ‘‘I would like to tell media owners—be careful, watch it. If you think you have that kind of freedom, (it is) not to that extent.’’ A day later, a rap musician was arrested after he released a song deemed insulting to the government. Magufuli’s 2017 warning followed the late 2016 arrest of a found-er of a corruption-reporting and whis-tle-blowing website, Jamii Forums, and a police demand that the site reveal its users’ names. The website’s cofounder was charged on several counts of ob-structing justice and running an unreg-istered website. These and other actions clearly dem-onstrate a disturbing deliberate gov-ernment effort to censor the press and curtail the constitutionally guaranteed freedom of expression of Tanzania’s citizens. I was pleased to see the an-nouncement that the U.S. Agency for International Development or USAID, which supports good governance projects around the world, is funding a civil society and media-strengthening project that will work with media houses and radio stations in Dar es Sa-laam, Zanzibar, and other areas of the country. I am unconvinced, however, that this well justified effort alone will be adequate to address the broad range of worrying trends that I have out-lined. I would welcome additional ef-forts of a similar nature by USAID and other organizations, such as the Na-tional Endowment for Democracy. The third troubling trend is the clos-ing space for civil society. In March, the President promised to crack down on anyone who participates in dem-onstrations deemed illegal by the gov-ernment, vowing not to let his eco-nomic reforms be derailed by street protests. The reforms, some of which are not endorsed by the International Monetary Fund’s most recent economic review, include reducing tax evasion, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.024 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4367 June 25, 2018 
halting copper concentrate exports, and banning imports of coal and gyp-sum. Prior to planned antigovernment demonstrations on April 26, a senior law enforcement official stated that ‘‘Those who plan to demonstrate to-morrow will seriously suffer . . . they will be beaten like stray dogs.’’ Be-cause the Tanzanian authorities de-ployed a heavy police presence and threatened to use force, the protests failed to move forward. Magufuli’s repression extends to sex-ual orientation and HIV policies. Ho-mosexuality is illegal in Tanzania, and homosexuals and transgender persons have repeatedly faced threatening com-ments by government officials, as well as police harassment. Under previous Tanzanian governments, the country’s HIV policies called for dedicated out-reach to key populations. Such efforts have been halted under Magufuli’s gov-ernment. In 2016, the government raid-ed and closed drop-in centers and pri-vate clinics that provide services to those in the LGBTI community, sex workers, and people who use drugs. Several organizations reported that the crackdown has resulted in HIV-positive men failing to access their antiretroviral treatment, while others no longer access testing and preventive services. Young women also find themselves under attack, for reasons which remain unclear. President Magufuli forcefully endorsed a law dating back to the 1960s that allows all state schools in Tan-zania to ban young mothers from at-tending, saying in June 2017, ‘‘As long as I am president . . . no pregnant stu-dent will be allowed to return to school . . . After getting pregnant, you are done.’’ He said that young mothers could opt for vocational training or be-come entrepreneurs, but should not be permitted to pursue formal education in public schools. Critics say the ban lacks public support, is misogynistic, and breaks international human rights conventions. It also contradicts a promise set out in the ruling party’s 2015 election manifesto, which pledged to allow pregnant school girls to con-tinue with their studies. According to the Tanzania Bureau of Statistics, about 21 percent of Tanzanian girls aged 15 to 19 have given birth. This troubling pattern of discouraging women from completing their edu-cation inhibits Tanzania’s potential for economic growth and undermines wom-en’s potential to contribute to Tanza-nia’s workforce. It also is counter to Tanzania’s commitments under the Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination Against Women. Finally, Tanzania has, for decades, hosted refugees from various conflicts and political crises in the conflict-af-flicted and densely inhabited countries in the Great Lakes region of central Africa—some for extended periods—and has played a mediating role in at-tempts to resolve such crises. In 2014, Tanzania also naturalized a large num-ber of long-term Burundian refugees. Instability in Burundi has led to hun-dreds of thousands of Burundians to seek refuge and safety in Tanzania. In fact, Tanzania very generously hosts 245,584 Burundian refugees and asylum seekers, more than any other country, according to the latest statistics from the U.N. High Commissioner for Refu-gees. In July of 2017, however, President Magufuli ordered the suspension of the registration and naturalization of thousands of Burundian refugees. He said, ‘‘It’s not that I am expelling Bu-rundian refugees. I am just advising them to voluntarily return home . . . I urge Burundians to remain in their country, I have been assured, the place is now calm.’’ During the same month, the Commission of Inquiry on Burundi, deployed by the U.N. Human Rights Council, reported the ‘‘persistence of serious human rights violations in a climate of widespread fear.’’ Such vio-lations included ‘‘extrajudicial execu-tions, acts of torture and other inhu-man and degrading treatment, sexual and gender-based violence, arbitrary arrests and detention and enforced dis-appearances.’’ With peace talks stalled in Burundi—and the May 2018 constitu-tional referendum accompanied by widespread violence and intimidation, including 15 killings—Tanzania risks pushing refugees back to unstable and unsafe communities. The pattern of crackdowns on civil society, media, refugee, and public health providers under the Magufuli administration are contrary to the val-ues that the United States has long supported both at home and abroad and are cause for concern. It is essential that the United States take a strong and proactive stance on these matters. Toward that end, I recommend that the administration take several actions. Immediately nominate an ambas-sador to lead our diplomatic efforts to push back against the tide of anti-democratic actions. The post has been vacant for well over a year. Conduct a review of assistance aimed at ensuring that the democracy, human rights and governance compo-nents of our bilateral assistance pro-grams, which are an essential com-plement to sustainability in other areas of development that we support, are robustly funded and adequately ad-dress current challenges. Increase assistance to build the ca-pacity of civil society and media stake-holders in Tanzania. Join with likeminded partners in the diplomatic community in Tanzania and in multilateral fora to jointly condemn President Magufuli’s war on demo-cratic freedoms and civil liberties and urge the Tanzanian Government to take concerted action to ensure that all political and civic rights guaran-teed under the Tanzanian Constitution are fully respected. It seems to me that, at the same time President Magufuli is waging a war against poor governance, there is in fact another more pernicious effort being undertaken to roll back demo-cratic freedoms and civil liberties. It is imperative that the United States, as a champion of democracy and freedom, raise its voice in support of Tanzanians who are pushing back against growing oppression. The Tanzanian Constitu-tion states that ‘‘the civic rights, du-ties and interests of every person and community shall be protected.’’ Let us stand with those who are fighting to see that those guarantees are pro-tected. 
f 
FAYETTEVILLE VETERAN AFFAIRS MEDICAL CENTER Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I wish to highlight an incident that occurred in my home State of Arkansas that has negatively impacted veterans and their families. A former pathologist at the Fayetteville VA Medical Center was found to be impaired, was immediately removed from clinical care, and has since been terminated. A thorough independent review of all cases read by this pathologist is currently underway. This review will be handled by entities outside of the Fayetteville VA Medical Center to include other VA facilities and academic affiliates. At this time, a small percentage of cases have been found to be misdiagnosed. In total, 33,000 samples will be reviewed using a tiered risk prioritization. In response, I have submitted an amendment cosponsored by the entire Arkansas, Missouri, and Oklahoma del-egation. This amendment would re-quire the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to the congressional commit-tees of jurisdiction a Departmental re-sponse plan that can be applied in Fay-etteville and in all future incidents and for recommendations about changes necessary to prevent such incidents in the future. I am very concerned with the proce-dures and policies that allowed this sit-uation to occur. As the chairman of the Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs Appropriations Subcommittee and member of the Senate VA Committee, I am intent on working with the VA to ensure that we enact policies and put in places procedures to prevent such misconduct in the future, both here in Fayetteville and around the country. It is clear that our veterans deserve the best care available, and it is our duty to ensure the Department of Veterans Affairs is providing that service. This is an issue that I will continue to mon-itor, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.025 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4368 June 25, 2018 
from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGES 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13466 OF JUNE 26, 2008, WITH RE-SPECT TO NORTH KOREA, RE-CEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON JUNE 22, 2018—PM 44 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to North Korea declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008, expanded in scope in Executive Order 13551 of August 30, 2010, addressed further in Executive Order 13570 of April 18, 2011, further ex-panded in scope in Executive Order 13687 of January 2, 2015, and under which additional steps were taken in Executive Order 13722 of March 15, 2016, and Executive Order 13810 of September 20, 2017, is to continue in effect beyond June 26, 2018. The existence and risk of prolifera-tion of weapons-usable fissile material on the Korean Peninsula; the actions and policies of the Government of North Korea that destabilize the Ko-rean Peninsula and imperil United States Armed Forces, allies, and trad-ing partners in the region, including its pursuit of nuclear and missile pro-grams; and other provocative, desta-bilizing, and repressive actions and policies of the Government of North Korea continue to constitute an un-usual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13466 with respect to North Korea. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 22, 2018. REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13219 OF JUNE 26, 2001, WITH RE-SPECT TO THE WESTERN BAL-KANS, RECEIVED DURING AD-JOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON JUNE 22, 2018—PM 45 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the Western Balkans that was declared in Executive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001, is to continue in effect beyond June 26, 2018. The threat constituted by the actions of persons engaged in, or assisting, sponsoring, or supporting (i) extremist violence in the Republic of Macedonia and elsewhere in the Western Balkans region, or (ii) acts obstructing imple-mentation of the Dayton Accords in Bosnia or United Nations Security Council Resolution 1244 of June 10, 1999, in Kosovo, has not been resolved. In ad-dition, Executive Order 13219 was amended by Executive Order 13304 of May 28, 2003, to take additional steps with respect to acts obstructing imple-mentation of the Ohrid Framework Agreement of 2001 relating to Mac-edonia. The acts of extremist violence and obstructionist activity outlined in these Executive Orders are hostile to United States interests and continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to the Western Balkans. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 22, 2018. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 6. An act to provide for opioid use dis-order prevention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes. The message also announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 931) to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary reg-istry to collect data on cancer inci-dence among firefighters. The message further announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2229) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judi-cial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relating to whistleblowers, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
H.R. 6. An act to provide for opioid use dis-order prevention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-nance, without amendment: S. 3120. An original bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to help end addictions and lessen substance abuse disorders, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–284). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH: S. 3120. An original bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to help end addictions and lessen substance abuse disorders, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Finance; placed on the calendar. By Mr. PAUL: S. 3121. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and the Water Infrastructure Fi-nance and Innovation Act of 2014 to require maximum open and free competition in pro-curement for projects receiving assistance under those Acts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ): S. 3122. A bill to support coding education; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BENNET: S. 3123. A bill to create a more representa-tive and accountable Congress by prohibiting partisan gerrymandering and ensuring that any redistricting of congressional district boundaries results in fair, effective, and ac-countable representation for all people; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 3124. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for no accrual of interest on Federal Direct Loans for individ-uals employed in public service; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 3125. A bill to modify the H–2B non-immigrant returning worker exemption; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.001 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4369 June 25, 2018 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: S. 3126. A bill to allow State manufac-turing extension partnerships to award grants to small and medium sized manufac-turers for the purpose of training new work-ers to replace departing experienced work-ers; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 3127. A bill to protect the right of the American public under the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States to receive news and information from disparate sources by regulating the use of automated software programs intended to impersonate or replicate human activity on social media; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. KENNEDY: S. 3128. A bill to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. HIRONO: S. 3129. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 in order to improve career and technical edu-cation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. B
OOZMAN , and Mr. T ESTER ): S. 3130. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of education for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs unless the edu-cational institution providing the course permits individuals to attend or participate in courses pending payment by Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. U DALL , and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ): S. 3131. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide increased labor law protections for agricultural work-ers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. K AINE, Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. L
EE): S. Res. 556. A resolution reaffirming the commitment of the United States to hold the Ortega regime accountable for acts of vio-lence and human rights abuses perpetrated against the Nicaraguan people; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 384 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. VANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 384, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 808 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 808, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 868 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 868, a bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to require a lifetime income dis-closure. 
S. 1109 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1109, a bill to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist pro-grams, and for other purposes. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to elimi-nate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to iden-tify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for moth-ers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1158 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1158, a bill to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and inter-national security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to pre-vent, mitigate, and respond to such cri-ses. 
S. 1338 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1338, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the United States Army Dust Off crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in rec-ognition of their extraordinary her-oism and life-saving actions in Viet-nam. 
S. 1351 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1351, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act with respect to the designation of general surgery shortage areas, and for other purposes. 
S. 1464 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. BALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1464, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the exclusion for energy conservation sub-sidies provided by public utilities to in-clude subsidies provided by public util-ities and State and local governments for water conservation and storm water management. 
S. 1913 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1913, a bill to amend the Federal Crop Insurance Act and the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 to make the native sod pro-visions applicable to the United States and to modify those provisions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2086 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2086, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Agriculture Improvement and Re-form Act of 1996 to extend and mod-ernize the sugar program, to extend and subsequently repeal the feedstock flexibility program for bioenergy pro-ducers, to extend and subsequently re-place flexible marketing allotments for sugar, and for other purposes. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make im-provements to certain defense and se-curity assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2540 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2540, a bill to provide predict-ability and certainty in the tax law, create jobs, and encourage investment. 
S. 2553 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Indi-ana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2553, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit health plans and pharmacy benefit managers from restricting pharmacies from informing individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals. 
S. 2619 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2619, a bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to reauthorize energy programs through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.008 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4370 June 25, 2018 
SULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the newsprint and pub-lishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 3029 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH), the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3029, a bill to revise and extend the Pre-maturity Research Expansion and Edu-cation for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act). At the request of Mr. A
LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3029, supra. 
S. 3034 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3034, a bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act to reauthorize the rural busi-ness investment program, and for other purposes. 
S. 3040 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3040, a bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to clarify Federal law with respect to reporting certain positive consumer credit information to consumer reporting agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 3046 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3046, a bill to allow the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into self-deter-mination contracts with Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations to carry out supplemental nutrition assistance pro-grams. 
S. 3093 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3093, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to address the protective custody of alien children accompanied by parents, and for other purposes. 
S. 3104 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3104, a bill to amend the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 to expand substantially underserved trust area authority to all rural development pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture. 
S. 3110 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3110, a bill to support educational enti-ties in fully implementing title IX and reducing and preventing sex discrimi-nation in all areas of education. S. 3113 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3113, a bill to promote dairy product in-novation, including in specialty cheese, and value-added dairy product develop-ment for the economic benefit of United States dairy farmers and their communities. 
S.J. RES. 8 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S.J. Res. 8, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States relating to contributions and expenditures in-tended to affect elections. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3039 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3039 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 556—RE-AFFIRMING THE COMMITMENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO HOLD THE ORTEGA REGIME AC-COUNTABLE FOR ACTS OF VIO-LENCE AND HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES PERPETRATED AGAINST THE NICARAGUAN PEOPLE Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. K AINE, Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. L
EE) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 556 Whereas, on April 19, 2018, protests began in Managua, Nicaragua as a result of changes made to the social security system by the Ortega regime that would have raised work-ers’ contributions and cut retirees’ pensions; Whereas Transparency International’s 2017 Corruption Perceptions Index ranks Nica-ragua as tied for 151 of 180, the third worst ranking for a country in the Western Hemi-sphere, after Venezuela and Haiti; Whereas numerous media outlets have re-ported on allegations regarding the involve-ment of Nicaraguan government officials in corruption, including misappropriating bil-lions of dollars provided to Nicaragua by the Government of Venezuela; Whereas, on April 23, 2018, tens of thou-sands of people—workers, students, farmers, and representatives of the private sectors— demonstrated in Managua demanding an end to the repression, with some calling for the departure of the President of Nicaragua Dan-iel Ortega; Whereas, on April 24, 2018, the United Na-tions called on the Government of Nicaragua to carry out ‘‘prompt, thorough, independent and transparent investigations into these deaths,’’ saying a number of the killings may have been ‘‘unlawful’’; Whereas, on May 13, 2018, the Catholic Church organized a national dialogue be-tween the protesters and the Government of Nicaragua; Whereas, on May 17, 2018, the Executive Secretary of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the Organization of American States, Paulo Abra˜o, arrived in Nicaragua to investigate the human rights violations that took place during the recent protests; Whereas, on May 21, 2018, the Inter-Amer-ican Commission on Human Rights of the Or-ganization of American States issued a statement that described the excessive use of force by Nicaraguan security forces and armed irregular groups that resulted in ‘‘doz-ens of persons killed and hundreds wounded; illegal and arbitrary detentions; practices of torture, cruel, inhuman and degrading treat-ment; censorship and attacks on the press; and other forms of intimidation’’; Whereas, on May 21, 2018, the Inter-Amer-ican Commission on Human Rights of the Or-ganization of American States ‘‘emphati-cally condemn[ed] the deaths, attacks and arbitrary detentions of students, demonstra-tors, journalists and other citizens that have occurred in Nicaragua since the beginning of the protests’’; Whereas, on May 23, 2018, Cardinal Leopoldo Brenes declared that talks had been suspended between the Ortega regime, the opposition, and civil society; Whereas, on May 29, 2018, Amnesty Inter-national released a report entitled ‘‘Shoot to Kill: Nicaragua’s Strategy to Repress Pro-test’’, which documented the lethal use of weapons, specifically noting that gunshots fired by pro-government groups were aimed to kill and targeted specific individuals; Whereas, on May 30, 2018, a peaceful ‘‘Mother’s Day protest’’ turned deadly, with an estimated 16 people killed and 88 injured during clashes; Whereas, on June 15, 2018, the National Dialogue resumed, resulting in a ceasefire agreement; Whereas, the next day, on June 16, 2018, armed irregular groups killed 6 members of a family in an arson attack against their home and business; Whereas, on June 18, 2018, the Department of State released a statement that affirmed, ‘‘The United States condemns the ongoing government-sponsored violence and intimi-dation campaign in Nicaragua . . . We urge immediate and full implementation of the June 15 National Dialogue agreement on human rights.’’; Whereas the June 2018 statement released by the Department of State stated, ‘‘We note the widespread call among Nicaraguans for early elections. The United States believes early elections represent a constructive way forward’’; and Whereas, as of June 18, 2018, there were at least 178 deaths and more than 1,000 people injured as a result of the protests, according to data from the Centro Nicaragu4ense de Derechos Humanos (Nicaraguan Center for Human Rights, or Cenidh): Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the violence perpetrated against the citizens of Nicaragua by the Or-tega regime and affiliated armed irregular groups; (2) calls on the Government of Nicaragua to end the repressive practices of its security forces and enact constitutional and legal re-forms to better protect its citizens; (3) supports efforts by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the Organi-zation of American States to conduct a cred-ible, independent investigation into the kill-ing of at least 178 protestors; (4) encourages the Government of Nica-ragua to commit to negotiations with rep-resentatives of the Catholic Church, civil so-ciety, student movement, private sector, and political opposition to bring about an end to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.011 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4371 June 25, 2018 
the current political crisis, which should in-clude a commitment to hold early elections that meet democratic standards and include international observation; (5) urges the international community to denounce the human rights abuses and vio-lence perpetrated against the Nicaraguan people by the Ortega regime; and (6) calls on the President of the United States to exercise the authorities included in the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Ac-countability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) to impose sanctions with respect to any person who— (A) is responsible for extrajudicial killings, torture, or other gross violations of human rights in Nicaragua; or (B) is responsible for or complicit in order-ing, controlling, or otherwise directing acts of significant corruption in Nicaragua. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3069. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and con-tinuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3070. Ms. SMITH (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , and Mr. U DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3071. Ms. SMITH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3072. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3073. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3074. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , and Ms. H
ASSAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3075. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3076. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3077. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3078. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3079. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3080. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3081. Mr. JONES (for himself and Mr. S
COTT) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3082. Ms. SMITH (for herself, Mr. D
ON-
NELLY , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3083. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mrs. CAPITO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3084. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3069. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. TRACKING CASES OF COCCIDIOI-DOMYCOSIS. 
(a) R EGISTRY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Secretary’’), acting through the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall establish a registry for re-ports of cases of coccidioidomycosis. (2) G
RANT PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall award grants to States and State and local departments of health for the purpose of sup-porting the surveillance of cases of coccidioi-domycosis within the applicable State, and the reporting of any such cases to the reg-istry established under paragraph (1). (3) Y
EAR OF DIAGNOSIS .—In listing cases of coccidioidomycosis in the registry estab-lished under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall attribute each case to the year in which it was diagnosed. (b) P
ROTOCOLS AND GUIDELINES .—The Sec- retary, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall make publicly available any protocols and guidelines developed by the Department of Agriculture, the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or appropriate pro-fessional health care organizations, for pur-poses of educating health care providers, farmers, and other agricultural workers re-garding the most recent scientific and med-ical information on the etiology, trans-mission, diagnosis, surveillance, and treat-ment of coccidioidomycosis. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. 
SA 3070. Ms. SMITH (for herself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Mr. U DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. 12512. SELF-DETERMINATION FOR SNAP. 
Title I of the Indian Self-Determination Act (25 U.S.C. 5321 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 112. SELF-DETERMINATION FOR SNAP. 
‘‘(a) A GRICULTURE SELF-DETERMINATION AU-
THORIZED .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall enter into self-determination con-tracts, in accordance with subsection (b), with Indian tribes and tribal organizations, upon the request of any Indian tribe by trib-al resolution, to plan, conduct, and admin-ister any function, service, or activity of a supplemental nutrition assistance program established under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) for the In-dian tribe. ‘‘(b) SELF-DETERMINATION CONTRACT .—A self-determination contract entered into under subsection (a) shall have the same terms and conditions, and be subject to the same procedures, regulations, and require-ments, as a self-determination contract en-tered into under section 102, except that the Secretary of Agriculture and the Depart-ment of Agriculture shall be the appropriate Secretary and agency for purposes of a self- determination contract under this section. ‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Office of Self-Governance of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs shall provide technical assistance re-garding the self-determination contracts au-thorized under this section to the Secretary of Agriculture, and to Indian tribes and trib-al organizations who request such assist-ance.’’. 
SA 3071. Ms. SMITH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 2204, strike paragraph (1)(B) and insert the following: (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘to the maximum extent practicable,’’ before ‘‘en-roll’’; and 
SA 3072. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. COTTON CLASSIFICATION SERVICES. 
Section 3a of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act Au-thorizing the Secretary of Agriculture to collect and publish statistics of the grade and staple length of cotton’’, approved March 3, 1927 (7 U.S.C. 473a) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) H
IRING AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an employee hired to provide cotton classification serv-ices under this section may— ‘‘(1) work not more than 240 calendar days in a service year; and ‘‘(2) be rehired noncompetitively each year in the same or a successor position if that employee meets performance and conduct expectations, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. 
SA 3073. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.013 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4372 June 25, 2018 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. UPLAND COTTON. 
(a) L OAN RATES FOR NONRECOURSE MAR-
KETING ASSISTANCE LOANS .—Section 1202 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9032) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (d), in the case’’; and (B) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘$0.7977’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.95’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) U
PLAND COTTON .—The loan rate deter-mined under subsection (a)(6) shall not equal less than an amount equal to 98 percent of the loan rate for base quality of upland cot-ton that was applied the preceding year.’’. (b) S
PECIAL COMPETITIVE PROVISIONS FOR  E
XTRA LONG STAPLE COTTON .—Section 1208(b)(2) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9038(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘134’’ and inserting ‘‘113’’. 
SA 3074. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , and Ms. H ASSAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. OPPORTUNITIES FOR FAIRNESS IN FARMING. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Opportunities for Fairness in Farming Act of 2018’’. (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the generic programs to promote and provide research and information for an agri-cultural commodity (commonly known as ‘‘checkoff programs’’) are intended to in-crease demand for all of that agricultural commodity and benefit all assessed pro-ducers of that agricultural commodity; (2) although the laws establishing checkoff programs broadly prohibit the use of funds in any manner for the purpose of influencing legislation or government action, checkoff programs have repeatedly been shown to use funds to influence policy directly or by partnering with organizations that lobby; (3) the unlawful use of checkoff programs funds benefits some agricultural producers while harming many others; (4) to more effectively prevent Boards from using funds for unlawful purposes, strict sep-aration of engagement between the Boards and policy entities is necessary; (5) conflicts of interest in the checkoff pro-grams allow special interests to use checkoff program funds for the benefit of some as-sessed agricultural producers at the expense of many others; (6) prohibiting conflicts of interest in checkoff programs is necessary to ensure the proper and lawful operation of the checkoff programs; (7) checkoff programs are designed to pro-mote agricultural commodities, not to dam-age other types of agricultural commodities through anticompetitive conduct or other-wise; (8) prohibiting anticompetitive and similar conduct is necessary to ensure proper and lawful operation of checkoff programs; (9) lack of transparency in checkoff pro-grams enables abuses to occur and conceals abuses from being discovered; and (10) requiring transparency in the expendi-ture of checkoff program funds is necessary to prevent and uncover abuses in checkoff programs. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means a board, committee, or similar entity estab-lished to carry out a checkoff program or an order issued by the Secretary under a check-off program. (2) C
HECKOFF PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘check-off program’’ means a program to promote and provide research and information for a particular agricultural commodity without reference to specific producers or brands, in-cluding a program carried out under any of the following: (A) The Cotton Research and Promotion Act (7 U.S.C. 2101 et seq.). (B) The Potato Research and Promotion Act (7 U.S.C. 2611 et seq.). (C) The Egg Research and Consumer Infor-mation Act (7 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). (D) The Beef Research and Information Act (7 U.S.C. 2901 et seq.). (E) The Wheat and Wheat Foods Research and Nutrition Education Act (7 U.S.C. 3401 et seq.). (F) The Floral Research and Consumer In-formation Act (7 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.). (G) Subtitle B of the Dairy Production Sta-bilization Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 4501 et seq.). (H) The Honey Research, Promotion, and Consumer Information Act (7 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.). (I) The Pork Promotion, Research, and Consumer Information Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 4801 et seq.). (J) The Watermelon Research and Pro-motion Act (7 U.S.C. 4901 et seq.). (K) The Pecan Promotion and Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6001 et seq.). (L) The Mushroom Promotion, Research, and Consumer Information Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.). (M) The Lime Research, Promotion, and Consumer Information Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.). (N) The Soybean Promotion, Research, and Consumer Information Act (7 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). (O) The Fluid Milk Promotion Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.). (P) The Fresh Cut Flowers and Fresh Cut Greens Promotion and Information Act of 1993 (7 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.). (Q) The Sheep Promotion, Research, and Information Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). (R) Section 501 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7401). (S) The Commodity Promotion, Research, and Information Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7411 et seq.). (T) The Canola and Rapeseed Research, Promotion, and Consumer Information Act (7 U.S.C. 7441 et seq.). (U) The National Kiwifruit Research, Pro-motion, and Consumer Information Act (7 U.S.C. 7461 et seq.). (V) The Popcorn Promotion, Research, and Consumer Information Act (7 U.S.C. 7481 et seq.). (W) The Hass Avocado Promotion, Re-search, and Information Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.). (3) C
ONFLICT OF INTEREST .—The term ‘‘con-flict of interest’’ means a direct or indirect financial interest in a person or entity that performs a service for, or enters into a con-tract or agreement with, a Board for any-thing of economic value. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (d) R
EQUIREMENTS OF CHECKOFF PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) P
ROHIBITIONS .— (A) I
NFLUENCING GOVERNMENT POLICY OR AC -
TION.— (i) IN GENERAL .—A Board shall not enter into any contract or agreement to carry out checkoff program activities with a party that engages in activities for the purpose of influencing any government policy or action that relates to agriculture. (ii) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in clause (i) prohibits a contract or agreement entered into between a Board and an institution of higher education for the purpose of research, extension, or education. (B) C
ONFLICT OF INTEREST .—A Board shall not engage in, and shall prohibit the employ-ees and agents of the Board, acting in their official capacity, from engaging in, any act that may involve a conflict of interest. (C) O
THER PROHIBITIONS .—A Board shall not engage in, and shall prohibit the employees and agents of the Board, acting in their offi-cial capacity, from engaging in— (i) any anticompetitive activity; (ii) any unfair or deceptive act or practice; or (iii) any act that may be disparaging to, or in any way negatively portray, another agri-cultural commodity or product. (2) A
UTHORITY TO ENTER INTO CONTRACTS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, on approval of the Secretary, a Board may enter directly into contracts and agreements to carry out generic promotion, research, or other activities authorized by law. (3) P
RODUCTION OF RECORDS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each contract or agree-ment of a checkoff program shall provide that the entity that enters into the contract or agreement shall produce to the Board ac-curate records that account for all funds re-ceived under the contract or agreement, in-cluding any goods or services provided or costs incurred in connection with the con-tract or agreement. (B) M
AINTENANCE OF RECORDS .—A Board shall maintain any records received under subparagraph (A). (4) P
UBLICATION OF BUDGETS AND DISBURSE -
MENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall publish and make available for public inspection all budgets and disbursements of funds en-trusted to the Board that are approved by the Secretary, immediately on approval by the Secretary. (B) R
EQUIRED DISCLOSURES .—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Board shall dis-close— (i) the amount of the disbursement; (ii) the purpose of the disbursement, in-cluding the activities to be funded by the disbursement; (iii) the identity of the recipient of the dis-bursement; and (iv) the identity of any other parties that may receive the disbursed funds, including any contracts or subcontractors of the re-cipient of the disbursement. (5) A
UDITS .— (A) P
ERIODIC AUDITS BY INSPECTOR GENERAL  
OF USDA .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 5 years there-after, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Agriculture shall conduct an audit to determine the compliance of each check-off program with this section during the pe-riod of time covered by the audit. (ii) R
EVIEW OF RECORDS .—An audit con-ducted under clause (i) shall include a review of any records produced to the Board under paragraph (3)(A). (iii) S
UBMISSION OF REPORTS .—On comple-tion of each audit under clause (i), the In-spector General of the Department of Agri-culture shall— (I) prepare a report describing the audit; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.016 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4373 June 25, 2018 
(II) submit the report described in sub-clause (I) to— (aa) the appropriate committees of Con-gress, including the Subcommittee on Anti-trust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (bb) the Comptroller General of the United States. (B) A
UDIT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not earlier than 3 years, and not later than 5 years, after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall— (I) conduct an audit to assess— (aa) the status of actions taken for each checkoff program to ensure compliance with this section; and (bb) the extent to which actions described in item (aa) have improved the integrity of a checkoff program; and (II) prepare a report describing the audit conducted under subclause (I), including any recommendations for— (aa) strengthening the effect of actions de-scribed in subclause (I)(aa); and (bb) improving Federal legislation relating to checkoff programs. (ii) C
ONSIDERATION OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
REPORTS .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall consider reports de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(iii) in preparing any recommendations in the report under clause (i)(II). (e) S
EVERABILITY .—If any provision of this section or the application of such provision to any person or circumstance is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of this sec-tion, and the application of the provision to any other person or circumstance, shall not be affected. 
SA 3075. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
After section 4112, insert the following: 
SEC. 4113. PARTICIPATION OF PUERTO RICO AND AMERICAN SAMOA IN SUPPLE-MENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (r), by inserting ‘‘the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa,’’ after ‘‘Guam,’’; and (B) in subsection (u)(3), by inserting ‘‘the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa,’’ after ‘‘Guam,’’. (2) E
LIGIBLE HOUSEHOLDS .—Section 5 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014) is amended— (A) in subsection (b), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa,’’ after ‘‘Guam,’’; (B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘and Guam,’’ and inserting ‘‘Guam, the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, and American Samoa,’’; and (C) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa,’’ after ‘‘Hawaii,’’ each place it ap-pears; and (ii) in paragraph (6)(B), by inserting ‘‘the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa,’’ after ‘‘Guam,’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this subsection shall be effective with re-spect to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or American Samoa, as applicable, on the date described in subparagraph (B) if the Secretary submits to Congress a certifi-cation under subsection (f)(3) of section 19 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2028). (B) DATE DESCRIBED .—The date referred to in subparagraph (A) is, with respect to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or American Samoa, the date established by the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico or American Samoa, respectively, in the applicable plan of oper-ation submitted to the Secretary under sub-section (f)(1)(A) of section 19 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2028). (b) T
RANSITION OF PUERTO RICO AND AMER-
ICAN SAMOA TO SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION AS-
SISTANCE PROGRAM .—Section 19 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2028) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) T
RANSITION OF PUERTO RICO AND AMER-
ICAN SAMOA TO SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION AS-
SISTANCE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) S
UBMISSION OF PLAN BY PUERTO RICO  
AND AMERICAN SAMOA .— ‘‘(A) S
UBMISSION AND REVIEW OF PLAN OF  
OPERATION .—If a State agency is designated by a governmental entity and submits to the Secretary a request to participate in the sup-plemental nutrition assistance program and a plan of operation under section 11 (includ-ing a date on which the governmental entity will begin to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program), the Secretary shall determine whether that governmental entity and State agency satisfy the require-ments that would apply under this Act for approval of that plan if the governmental en-tity were 1 of the several States. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION BY SECRETARY .— ‘‘(i) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary shall ap-prove a plan of operation under subpara-graph (A) if the governmental entity and State agency satisfy the requirements de-scribed in that subparagraph. ‘‘(ii) D
ISAPPROVAL .—If the Secretary does not approve a plan of operation under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall provide to the governmental entity a statement that describes each requirement that is not satis-fied by the plan. ‘‘(2) A
PPROVAL OF RETAIL FOOD STORES .—If the Secretary approves a plan of operation under paragraph (1)(B)(i), the Secretary shall accept from retail food stores located in the applicable governmental entity applications under section 9 for approval to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF CERTIFICATION TO CON -
GRESS .—The Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a certification that a governmental en-tity qualifies to participate in the supple-mental nutrition assistance program as if the governmental entity were a State if the Secretary— ‘‘(A) approves the plan of operation under paragraph (1)(B)(i); and ‘‘(B) approves the applications under para-graph (2) of a number of retail food stores lo-cated in the governmental entity requesting to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program that would be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Act if the governmental entity were 1 of the several States. ‘‘(4) C
ASH BENEFITS PROVIDED IN PUERTO  
RICO.—As part of a plan of operation sub-mitted under paragraph (1)(A), the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico may submit to the Secretary a request to provide benefits under the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram in the form of cash. ‘‘(5) F
AMILY MARKET PROGRAM IN PUERTO  
RICO.—As part of a plan of operation sub-mitted under paragraph (1)(A), notwith-standing subsection (g), the Secretary shall allow the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico to continue to carry out, under the supple-mental nutrition assistance program, the Family Market Program established under this section. ‘‘(6) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this subsection and the amendments made by section 2 of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 such sums as are necessary for fiscal year 2019, to remain available until expended. ‘‘(g) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsections (a) through (e) shall cease to be effective with respect to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or Amer-ican Samoa, as applicable, on the date de-scribed in paragraph (2) if the Secretary sub-mits to Congress a certification under sub-section (f)(3). ‘‘(2) D
ATE DESCRIBED .—The date referred to in paragraph (1) is, with respect to the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico or American Samoa, the date established by the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico or American Samoa, respectively, in the applicable plan of oper-ation submitted to the Secretary under sub-section (f)(1)(A).’’. 
SA 3076. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
After section 4103, insert the following: 
SEC. 4104. ELIGIBILITY OF STUDENTS TO PAR-TICIPATE IN THE SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 6(e) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (8) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) has an expected family contribution of zero, as determined by the procedures estab-lished in part F of title IV of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087kk et seq.); or ‘‘(10) is determined to be ‘independent’ based on one of the criteria specified in sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), (G), and (H) of sec-tion 480(d)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087vv(d)(1)).’’. 
SA 3077. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. 2ll. NITROUS OXIDE EMISSIONS REDUC-TIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) fertilizer is a significant cost input in many agricultural operations; (2) opportunities exist for agricultural pro-ducers— (A) to reduce the amount of fertilizer in-puts; and (B) to increase the efficiency of fertilizer use through the development of more effec-tive fertilizer application protocols that maximize the uptake of fertilizer by crops while maintaining or increasing yields; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.016 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4374 June 25, 2018 
(3) improving the application of nitrogen fertilizers at the correct rate, in the correct manner, at the correct time, and in the cor-rect place will provide significant benefits to the environment, including reductions of— (A) nitrogen runoff, which will improve water quality; and (B) emissions of nitrous oxide, a powerful greenhouse gas associated with climate change. (b) N
ITROUS OXIDE EMISSIONS REDUC -
TIONS .—Chapter 5 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1240S. NITROUS OXIDE EMISSIONS REDUC-TIONS. 
‘‘(a) A GRICULTURAL RESEARCH DATA.— ‘‘(1) F
EDERALLY FUNDED RESEARCH DATA .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall make available all rel-evant data relating to fertilizer application in a format that is— ‘‘(i) aggregated so as not to divulge propri-etary or confidential business information; and ‘‘(ii) searchable and accessible to the pub-lic, including, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, all federally funded research data, including data of— ‘‘(I) the Department of Agriculture; and ‘‘(II) land-grant colleges and universities (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the release of data or informa-tion in a format that may divulge propri-etary or confidential business information. ‘‘(2) N
ON-FEDERALLY FUNDED RESEARCH  
DATA .—The Secretary shall develop incen-tives to encourage the sharing of non-feder-ally funded research data relating to fer-tilizer application, including data from— ‘‘(A) research funded through a State pro-gram; and ‘‘(B) independent or privately held re-search. ‘‘(b) N
ITROGEN UPTAKE PILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish and carry out a 5-year pilot program for the development and optimization of ni-trogen fertilizer application rates, timing, location, and formulation for— ‘‘(A) corn; ‘‘(B) soybeans; ‘‘(C) wheat; ‘‘(D) barley; ‘‘(E) cotton; ‘‘(F) oats; ‘‘(G) sorghum; ‘‘(H) rice; and ‘‘(I) potatoes. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The pilot program de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) consist of projects in a diverse range of— ‘‘(i) geographies; ‘‘(ii) soil types; ‘‘(iii) drainage conditions; ‘‘(iv) tillage practices; and ‘‘(v) climatic conditions; and ‘‘(B) take into consideration— ‘‘(i) the effect of crop rotation; ‘‘(ii) the use of cover crops; ‘‘(iii) the use of soil amendments; and ‘‘(iv) any other factor that the Secretary determines to be appropriate— ‘‘(I) to enhance the optimization of fer-tilizer application practices that reduce the generation of nitrous oxide and leached ni-trogen; and ‘‘(II) to support high agricultural yields. ‘‘(c) E
NVIRONMENTAL QUALITY INCENTIVES  P
ROGRAM .—The Chief of the Natural Re-sources Conservation Service shall carry out a nitrous oxide reduction initiative within the environmental quality incentives pro-gram established under chapter 4 to foster the adoption and continued use of fertilizer application protocols that reduce the produc-tion of nitrous oxide associated with the use of nitrogen fertilizer. ‘‘(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SA 3078. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. HONEY AND MAPLE SYRUP LABELING REQUIREMENTS. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commissioner of Food and Drug shall revise the regulations with respect to added sugars labeling under section 403(q) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343(q)), such that pure honey and pure maple syrup are not considered added sugars. 
SA 3079. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 1672(d) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925(d)) (as amended by section 7209(a)), add at the end the following: ‘‘(15) N
UTRIENT MANAGEMENT TECH -
NOLOGY .—Research and extension grants may be made under this section for the purposes of identifying, evaluating, and dem-onstrating innovative nutrient management technologies for animal waste management, water quality, aquatic ecosystems, and ani-mal feed that are focused on— ‘‘(A) rural areas adjacent to urban or sub-urban areas in connection with waste man-agement activities carried out in urban or suburban areas; ‘‘(B) the development of alternative uses and renewable energy; ‘‘(C) the regional nature of nutrient dis-tribution; and ‘‘(D) downstream markets for recovered nutrients.’’. 
SA 3080. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. 2ll. SOIL QUALITY IMPROVEMENT PRO-GRAM. 
Chapter 2 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3838 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Subchapter C—Soil Quality Improvement ‘‘SEC. 1238H. SOIL QUALITY IMPROVEMENT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) N O-TILL FARM EQUIPMENT GRANT AND  L
OANPROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish, in the Natural Resources Conserva-tion Service, a program to provide grants and loans to agricultural producers with the goal, not later than January 1, 2026, of in-creasing to 50 percent the total percent of farmed acres in the United States under con-tinuous no-till cultivation. ‘‘(2) G
RANTS .—The Secretary shall use not less than 20 percent of the funds made avail-able for the program established under para-graph (1) to make grants. ‘‘(3) P
URCHASE OR LEASE OF EQUIPMENT .—An agricultural producer may use funds made available under this section to finance or otherwise incentivize the purchase or lease of equipment necessary to carry out contin-uous no-till cultivation, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) E
DUCATION AND OUTREACH .—In estab- lishing the program under this section, the Secretary shall include an education and outreach program, carried out by the Sec-retary in coordination with— ‘‘(A) State and local farm agencies; ‘‘(B) institutions of higher education; ‘‘(C) the National Institute of Food and Ag-riculture; ‘‘(D) the National Association of Conserva-tion Districts; ‘‘(E) the Soil and Water Conservation Soci-ety; and ‘‘(F) the Agricultural Tri-Societies. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT ON SOILCARBON UPTAKE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall publish a report that includes— ‘‘(1) methodologies and protocols for track-ing practices (including conservation tillage, continuous no-till cultivation, and the use of cover crops) that increase the uptake of car-bon into soils, including— ‘‘(A) the use of satellite-based and other re-mote sensing technologies; and ‘‘(B) methods for monitoring net carbon transfer rates between soils and the atmos-phere, including biogeochemical process models; and ‘‘(2) an assessment of— ‘‘(A) carbon stocks in United States soils as of the date of the report; ‘‘(B) the potential for United States soils as a reservoir for carbon; ‘‘(C) the net mass transfer rate of carbon between soils and the atmosphere on agricul-tural land and rangeland, including— ‘‘(i) conservation tillage land; ‘‘(ii) no-till cultivated land; and ‘‘(iii) land on which cover crops are used in rotation; and ‘‘(D) rangeland management practices that increase soil carbon sequestration. ‘‘(c) E
NVIRONMENTAL QUALITY INCENTIVES  P
ROGRAM .—The Chief of the Natural Re-sources Conservation Service shall carry out a soil carbon uptake initiative within the en-vironmental quality incentives program es-tablished under chapter 4 to foster the adop-tion and sustained use of practices that in-crease the amount and the rate of carbon up-take in soils. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SA 3081. Mr. JONES (for himself and Mr. S
COTT) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.017 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4375 June 25, 2018 
Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. ELIGIBILITY FOR OPERATORS ON HEIRS PROPERTY LAND TO OBTAIN A FARM NUMBER. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE DOCUMENTATION .—The term ‘‘eligible documentation’’, with respect to land for which a farm operator seeks assign-ment of a farm number under subsection (b)(1), includes— (A) in States that have adopted a statute consisting of an enactment or adoption of the Uniform Partition of Heirs Property Act, as approved and recommended for enactment in all States by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws in 2010— (i) a court order verifying the land meets the definition of heirs property (as defined in that Act); or (ii) a certification from the local recorder of deeds that the recorded owner of the land is deceased and not less than 1 heir of the re-corded owner of the land has initiated a pro-cedure to retitle the land in the name of the rightful heir; (B) a fully executed, unrecorded tenancy- in-common agreement that sets out owner-ship rights and responsibilities among all of the owners of the land that— (i) has been approved by a majority of the ownership interests in that property; (ii) has given a particular owner the right to manage and control any portion or all of the land for purposes of operating a farm or ranch; and (iii) was validly entered into under the au-thority of the jurisdiction in which the land is located; (C) the tax return of a farm operator farm-ing a property with undivided interests for each of the 5 years preceding the date on which the farm operator submits the tax re-turns as eligible documentation under sub-section (b); (D) self-certification that the farm oper-ator has control of the land for purposes of operating a farm or ranch; and (E) any other documentation identified by the Secretary under subsection (c). (2) F
ARM NUMBER .—The term ‘‘farm num-ber’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 718.2 of title 7, Code of Federal Regula-tions (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). (b) F
ARMNUMBER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for the assignment of a farm number to any farm operator who provides any form of eligible documentation for purposes of dem-onstrating that the farm operator has con-trol of the land for purposes of defining that land as a farm. (2) E
LIGIBILITY .—Any farm number pro-vided under paragraph (1) shall be sufficient to satisfy any requirement of the Secretary to have a farm number to participate in a program of the Secretary. (c) E
LIGIBLE DOCUMENTATION .—The Sec-retary shall identify alternative forms of eli-gible documentation that a farm operator may provide in seeking the assignment of a farm number under subsection (b)(1). 
SEC. 125ll. LOANS TO PURCHASERS OF LAND WITH UNDIVIDED INTEREST AND NO ADMINISTRATIVE AUTHORITY. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION OF BEGINNING FARMER  
AND RANCHER INDIVIDUAL DEVELOPMENT AC-
COUNTS PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 333B(h) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 1983b(h)) (as amended by section 5301) is amended by striking ‘‘2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. (b) PILOT PROGRAM .—Subtitle D of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1981 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 333D the following: 
‘‘SEC. 333E. FARMER LOAN PILOT PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may con-duct pilot projects of limited scope and dura-tion that are consistent with subtitles A, B, C, and this subtitle to evaluate processes and techniques that may improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the programs carried out under subtitles A, B, C, and this subtitle. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) not less than 60 days before the date on which the Secretary initiates a pilot project under subsection (a), submit notice of the proposed pilot project to the Com-mittee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate; and ‘‘(2) consider any recommendations or feedback provided to the Secretary in re-sponse to the notice provided under para-graph (1).’’. (c) R
ELENDING PROGRAM .—Subtitle A of title III of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1922 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 310I. RELENDING PROGRAM TO RESOLVE OWNERSHIP AND SUCCESSION ON FARMLAND. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may make or guarantee loans to eligible entities described in subsection (b) using amounts made available for farm ownership loans under this subtitle so that the eligible enti-ties may relend the funds to individuals and entities for the purposes described in sub-section (c). ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Entities eligible for loans and loan guarantees described in subsection (a) are cooperatives, credit unions, and nonprofit organizations with— ‘‘(1) certification under section 1805.201 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations) to operate as a lender; ‘‘(2) experience assisting socially disadvan-taged farmers and ranchers (as defined in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a))) or limited resource or new and be-ginning farmers and ranchers, rural busi-nesses, cooperatives, or credit unions, in-cluding experience in making and servicing agricultural and commercial loans; and ‘‘(3) the ability to provide adequate assur-ance of the repayment of a loan. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PURPOSES .—The proceeds from loans made or guaranteed by the Sec-retary pursuant to subsection (a) shall be re-lent by eligible entities for projects that as-sist heirs with undivided ownership interests to resolve ownership and succession on farm-land that has multiple owners. ‘‘(d) P
REFERENCE .—In making loans under subsection (a), the Secretary shall give pref-erence to eligible entities— ‘‘(1) with not less than 10 years of experi-ence serving socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers; and ‘‘(2) in States that have adopted a statute consisting of an enactment or adoption of the Uniform Partition of Heirs Property Act, as approved and recommended for enactment in all States by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws in 2010, that relend to owners of heirs property (as defined in that Act). ‘‘(e) L
OANTERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The fol- lowing terms and conditions shall apply to loans made or guaranteed under this section: ‘‘(1) The interest rate at which inter-mediaries may borrow funds under this sec-tion shall be equal to the rate at which farm ownership loans under this subtitle are made. ‘‘(2) The rates, terms, and payment struc-ture for borrowers to which intermediaries lend shall be— ‘‘(A) determined by the intermediary in an amount sufficient to cover the cost of oper-ating and sustaining the revolving loan fund; and ‘‘(B) clearly and publicly disclosed to qualified ultimate borrowers. ‘‘(3) Borrowers to which intermediaries lend shall be— ‘‘(A) required to complete a succession plan as a condition of the loan; and ‘‘(B) be offered the opportunity to borrow sufficient funds to cover costs associated with the succession plan under subparagraph (A) and other associated legal and closing costs. ‘‘(f) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report de-scribing the operation and outcomes of the program under this section, with rec-ommendations on how to strengthen the pro-gram. ‘‘(g) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall carry out this section using funds otherwise made available to the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 125ll. FARMLAND OWNERSHIP DATA COL-LECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall col-lect and, not less frequently than once every 5 years report, data and analysis on farmland ownership, tenure, transition, and entry of beginning farmers and ranchers (as defined in section 343(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1991(a))) and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers (as defined in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a))). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary shall, at a min-imum— (1) collect and distribute comprehensive re-porting of trends in farmland ownership, ten-ure, transition, barriers to entry, profit-ability, and viability of beginning farmers and ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers; (2) develop surveys and report statistical and economic analysis on farmland owner-ship, tenure, transition, barriers to entry, profitability, and viability of beginning farmers and ranchers, including a regular follow-on survey to each Census of Agri-culture with results of the follow-on survey made public not later than 3 years after the previous Census of Agriculture; and (3) require the National Agricultural Sta-tistics Service— (A) to include in the Tenure, Ownership, and Transition of Agricultural Land survey questions relating to— (i) the extent to which non-farming land-owners are purchasing and holding onto farmland for the sole purpose of real estate investment; (ii) the impact of these farmland ownership trends on the successful entry and viability of beginning farmers and ranchers and so-cially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers; (iii) the extent to which farm and ranch land with undivided interests and no admin-istrative authority identified have farms or ranches operating on that land; and (iv) the impact of land tenure patterns, categorized by— (I) race, gender, and ethnicity; and (II) region; and (B) to include in the report of each Tenure, Ownership, and Transition of Agricultural Land survey the results of the questions under subparagraph (A). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.018 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4376 June 25, 2018 
SA 3082. Ms. SMITH (for herself, Mr. D
ONNELLY , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. BUY AMERICAN REQUIREMENTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) define and enforce any Buy American requirements under the jurisdiction of the Secretary; and (2) submit to Congress a report on the ac-tions the Secretary has taken and plans to take to comply with paragraph (1). 
SA 3083. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 6211. COMMUNITY BROADBAND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (1) a local government agency; (2) a regional agency; (3) a nonprofit organization with relevant expertise; or (4) a public-private partnership. (b) G
RANTS .—The Secretary shall make broadband technical assistance and planning grants to eligible entities to conduct assess-ments and develop action plans for the ex-pansion of broadband services in the area served by the eligible entity. (c) Q
UALIFIED ACTIVITIES .—An eligible enti-ty may use a grant awarded under this sec-tion to— (1) establish a multi-stakeholder broadband planning team; (2) determine the extent to which broadband service is accessible in the com-munity or region served by the eligible enti-ty by— (A) undertaking a physical comprehensive inventory of broadband infrastructure assets and capabilities; and (B) developing a geographic information system (commonly known as ‘‘GIS’’)-based map of existing serviceability; (3) assess current broadband adoption rates in the community or region; (4) assess advertised broadband service pricing in the community or region across all available providers; (5) obtain professional advice or guidance on— (A) options to expand broadband service, including public-private partnerships; (B) potential sustainable financial models; or (C) grant writing; or (6)(A) identify and analyze government policies, ordinances, or statutes that may be hindering broadband expansion; and (B) make recommendations for modifica-tion. (d) A
WARD AMOUNT LIMITATION .—The amount of a grant awarded under this sec-tion shall be not more than $200,000. (e) T
ERM.—A grant awarded under this sec-tion— (1) shall be for an initial term of 1 year; and (2) may be renewed by the Secretary for a single additional term of 1 year in the same amount as initially provided. (f) FUNDING .—The Secretary shall carry out this section using— (1) amounts made available for technical assistance and pre-development planning ac-tivities under section 779 of division A of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–141); and (2) any other amounts available to the Sec-retary. (g) O
THER CONDITIONS .—The requirements under section 779 of division A of the Con-solidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141) shall apply to grants awarded under this section, except to the extent that those requirements are inconsistent with this section. (h) P
ROGRAM DURATION .—The Secretary shall carry out this section during fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter, subject to the availability of funds. 
SA 3084. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lll. STATE AND TRIBAL REGULATION OF FORM OF AGRICULTURAL BUSI-NESS ENTITIES. 
(a) D ECLARATION OF POLICY .—It is the pol-icy of Congress that it is in the public inter-est for each State and Indian Tribe to con-tinue to regulate the form of a business enti-ty that may engage in farming or livestock production within the State or territory of the Indian Tribe or own agricultural land within the State or territory of the Indian Tribe, including through laws or regulations that restrict or prohibit certain types of business entities from— (1) engaging in farming or livestock pro-duction within the State or territory of the Indian Tribe; or (2) owning agricultural land within the State or territory of the Indian tribe. (b) C
ONSENT TO STATE AND TRIBAL REGULA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A State or Indian Tribe may regulate the form of a business entity that may— (A) engage in farming or livestock produc-tion within the State or territory of the In-dian Tribe; or (B) own agricultural land within the State or territory of the Indian Tribe. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Paragraph (1) and the policy described in subsection (a) shall be construed to eliminate any barrier under the Commerce Clause of section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States to the regulation by a State or Indian tribe de-scribed in paragraph (1). (3) E
FFECT OF SILENCE .—Silence in any law of Congress enacted before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act with respect to the regulation by a State or Indian Tribe de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall not be con-strued to preclude that regulation. f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, on behalf of Senator M
URRAY , I ask unanimous consent that a fellow on Senator M
UR-RAY’s Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee staff, Lori Achman, be granted floor privileges through August 3, 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 6 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6) to provide for opioid use dis-order prevention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 26; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I further ask that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2. Further, I ask that the Sen-ate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. Finally, I ask that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count postcloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator B
ROWN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
GENERAL MOTORS Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, last Fri-day was a dark day for American work-ers and a dark day for the American auto industry. On the very same day that General Motors laid off the entire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN6.018 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4377 June 25, 2018 
second shift at the historic Lordstown plant in the Mahoning Valley in North-east Ohio, we got word that GM plans to build its new Chevy Blazer in Mex-ico. That is right—the company by-passes American workers, lays off an entire shift, and sends more jobs to Mexico. All this comes on the heels of the windfall GM got from the tax bill Congress passed last year. GM now can bring some $7 billion in overseas cash back to the United States at a dramatically lower tax rate, they can immediately deduct the cost of any new investments in plants and equipment, and their overall cor-porate tax rate dropped by about one- third. They could use that extra cash to invest in Lordstown, to build more cars in America, but what do they do instead? They lay off 1,500 workers— 1,500 Ohio workers, 1,500 families af-fected—in Niles, Ravenna, Kent, Reminderville, Youngstown, Girard, Lordstown, and all over the Mahoney Valley and beyond. That is just a year after they laid off the third shift—more than 1,000 workers—at the same plant. They have some nerve. The workers at this plant are among the best in the world. The car they make, the Chevy Cruze, beat out the foreign competition in its class last year. For the 2018 models, J.D. Power and Associates named the Cruze among the top two cars in its class. They named the Lordstown plant among the six top plants in the Americas. Anyone who has been to Lordstown wouldn’t be surprised. Ten years ago, the Federal Govern-ment rescued the auto industry. Eight years ago, I actually drove one of the first cars—with Governor Strick-land and others—off the line, one of the first Chevy Cruzes coming out of the Lordstown plant. Two years ago, I stood in Lordstown for the plant’s 50th anniversary, and I saw the pride the community takes in that plant. GM estimated that more than 10,000 people—young and old, fam-ilies with children, workers who had been there almost the entire 50 years, vintage car buffs, former workers— turned out to watch the parade and to celebrate the plant. The line to get into the plant for a tour stretched down the street and around the block. That is what this plant means to the communities it serves. That is what the auto industry means to the com-munities it serves. It appears General Motors has forgotten some of that. That is why we worked so hard to save this industry, including General Mo-tors, after the economic crisis. In addition to the Federal auto res-cue, the State of Ohio gave GM more than $80 million in tax incentives. But now, after Ohio gave millions to this company, GM turns its back on Ohio— all while making record profits, all while reaping the rewards of the tax bill paid for by taxpayers. As a country, as a State, we are in-vested in this industry. GM needs to in-vest in America and in Ohio. It needs to invest in the workers and in the communities that built this company and made it great. Instead of making plans to invest in Mexico, GM should be working with workers, with the union, with local officials—with all of us—to invest, instead, in American workers. We have invested in GM; GM should invest in Ohio workers. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:46 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT  
RAE OLIVER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL, DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT, VICE DAVID A. MONTOYA, RESIGNED. 
AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
RICK A. DEARBORN, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE A DIRECTOR OF THE AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE JEFFREY R. MORELAND, TERM EX-PIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
LYNDA BLANCHARD, OF ALABAMA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SLOVENIA. ROBERT A. DESTRO, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE FOR DEMOCRACY, HUMAN RIGHTS, AND LABOR, VICE TOMASZ P. MALINOWSKI. DERECK J. HOGAN, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MOLDOVA. 
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL  
INTELLIGENCE  
JOSEPH MAGUIRE, OF FLORIDA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL COUNTERTERRORISM CENTER, OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE, VICE NICHOLAS J. RASMUSSEN, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
ROBERT S. BREWER, JR., OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DIS-TRICT OF CALIFORNIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE LAURA E. DUFFY, RESIGNED. JASON R. DUNN, OF COLORADO, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLORADO FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE JOHN F. WALSH, RESIGNED. BRADLEY JAY LAROSE, OF VERMONT, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF VERMONT FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE DAVID EDWARD DEMAG, TERM EXPIRED. MATTHEW J. SCHNEIDER, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE BAR-BARA L. MCQUADE, RESIGNED. MARK B. SHEPHERD, OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE GEORGE WHITE, TERM EXPIRED. PETER G. STRASSER, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE KEN-NETH ALLEN POLITE JR., RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
MICHAEL A. BASSO–WILLIAMS WILLIAM J. BERGLIND DAVID A. KEPHART, JR SAINT A. L. MORRIS TIMOTHY J. SCHAFFNER IRSHAD A. SHAKIR THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
VIKHYAT S. BEBARTA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
MARY F. STUEVER LAVANYA VISWANATHAN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ROCHELL A. MAIER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ROBERT C. SOPER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS CHAPLAINS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
VINCENTE G. ALCIVAR RICHARD B. AMMONS COREY R. ARNOLD CHRISTOPHER R. BALL ANGEL L. BERRIOS CARL O. BROWN JAMES E. BRYAN ANDREW E. CALVERT JOSHUA A. CHITTIM MATTHEW C. CHRISTENSEN ROBERT G. COX ANTHONY B. CUCHENS ROBERT W. DAVIS, JR. CHRISTOPHER DOERING JAMES J. DUWORS JOHN C. FIMPLE WALTER L. FRYE STEVEN W. GLENN CHRISTIAN E. GROENENDAL MATTHEW J. HEBEBRAND JEFFERY B. HERDEN JASON E. HILL RICHARD A. HILL JASON C. HOHNBERGER MICHAEL S. KIM VINCENT J. LUTTRELL JOSEPH R. MASON JOSEPH T. MESSINGER ERIC J. MILLER MARK J. MUSSER MICHAEL J. OROURKE, JR. JEREMY E. PLEVKA PETER M. ROBINSON THOMAS L. SEARLE JACOB D. SNODGRASS JASON W. SOUTHARD JAMES M. SOUZA ANDREW T. SPRIENSMA DAVID L. S. SPRINKLE ROBERT W. STERLING SEUNGIL SUH ADAM D. TIETJE JONATHAN D. TODD PAUL D. TOLBERT DREW D. TURNER UZOMA E. UWAKWE JAMES WARD JASON V. WEBSTER MATTHEW L. WHITEHEAD NATHAN B. WHITHAM ROY M. WINSTON DEWAYNE E. WOLF EDWARD W. WRIGHT 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate June 25, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
FRANK T. BROGAN, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY FOR ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G25JN6.027 S25JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE905 June 25, 2018 
SUBSTANCE USE-DISORDER PRE-VENTION THAT PROMOTES OPIOID RECOVERY AND TREAT-MENT FOR PATIENTS AND COM-MUNITIES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 22, 2018 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge Congress to pass a Motion to Recommit on H.R. 6, which includes my Opioid Work-force Act. Many of the victims of the opioid crisis are clear: the young people whose lives have been cut short and the working individuals who struggle every day to break the bonds of addiction. But there is also a wider impact: families left without breadwinners to support them, children left without a parent to raise them, and communities slowly hollowed out as more and more individuals fall victim to addic-tion. That means that our strategy to address this national crisis must be comprehensive, multi-faceted, and sustainable. This Motion would bring us closer to a com-prehensive strategy that ensures all Ameri-cans have access to treatment for substance use disorders. By increasing the supply of physicians trained in addiction and pain man-agement while expanding access to medica-tion-assisted treatment, this motion would en-sure that individuals with substance use dis-orders are not left behind. Further, by doubling the size and scope of our national investment in the opioid epidemic, this motion strengthens our public health infrastructure to address this epidemic of tragic proportions. I am proud that my recently introduced leg-islation, the Opioid Workforce Act, was in-cluded as part of this motion. This legislation would provide additional residency positions to hospitals that have or are establishing resi-dency programs in addiction medicine, addic-tion psychiatry, or pain management. Without more physicians trained in treating substance use disorders, we won’t be able to address the opioid epidemic. But beyond this motion, and beyond this bill, we must consider the downstream effects on communities that were already once left be-hind by the failed war on drugs. Many commu-nities in my district are still recovering from the aftermath of the failed ‘‘tough on crime’’ tactics of the 80s and 90s. Residents have not prop-erly dealt with their addictions because of the fear of criminal retribution. While we work as a nation to address the opioid crisis, we must not repeat our past mistakes that left behind our most vulnerable communities. Addressing this epidemic will take an invest-ment of federal resources, multiple perspec-tives at the table, and persistence to get it right. I urge my colleagues to pass this motion as a robust first step on this long-term journey. HONORING THE MEMORY OF SERGEANT JOEL A. HOUSE HON. BRUCE POLIQUIN 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate this year’s 11th Anniversary of the death of Sergeant Joel A. House, United States Army, and to recognize the Sgt. Joel A. House Summer Camp Fund’s 10th Annual Beach n BBQ Day on Silver Lake in Lee, Maine. Sgt. Joel House was an extraordinary man and soldier, serving in the 2nd Battalion, 8th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Brigade Combat Team, 1st Cavalry Division stationed at Fort Hood, Texas and deployed to Iraq. He made the ulti-mate sacrifice on June 23, 2007 in Taji, Iraq when an improvised explosive device deto-nated near his vehicle. Since Sgt. Joel House’s heroic death in 2007, his parents Paul and Deanna, beloved family, the Town of Lee, and our Great State of Maine have never forgotten his service and sacrifice. It has become tradition for his family and the people of Maine to pause and honor Sgt. House each and every year through the Sgt. Joel A. House Summer Camp Fund’s Beach n BBQ fundraiser. This year, on June 30, 2018, we will pay tribute to his life with this event, and support Maine youth as they seek to attend the sum-mer camp of their choice, as Joel loved to do. Sergeant House’s family and friends know how proud he would be to help so many Maine kids achieve their dreams. Today, the legacy of Sergeant Joel House and his selfless sacrifice lives on in the Town of Lee. We are so proud that this man lived, and hailed from the heart of our Great State of Maine. I am humbled and honored to serve in the United States Congress on behalf of the House family and the residents of Lee, Maine, who are always looking to honor the memory of our brave heroes like Sgt. Joel House. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in recognizing the 11th Anni-versary of the death of Sergeant Joel A. House, and in assuring his family, friends, and community that he will never be forgotten. 
f 
IN RECOGNIITION OF OFFICER JAMES FRANCIS WINN 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the retirement of Officer James Francis Winn, a thirty-five-year veteran of the Dennis Police Department. Born in Springfield, Massachusetts, Jim got his Associates Degree in Law Enforcement from Springfield State Technical Community College. He then went on to receive a Mas-ter’s Degree in Criminal Justice at Western New England College. In 1983 Jim began working for the town of Dennis as a summer- appointed special officer. He soon rose to be-coming a Dispatcher, and finally, a Patrol Offi-cer. Jim is dedicated to the safety of children and families in the town of Dennis. Throughout his thirty-five years on the force and thirty-one years as a Patrol Officer, Jim held positions ranging from K–9 Officer, to D.A.R.E. Officer, to Family Services Officer. He has been praised for his work at a Bike Safety Program and with the students of the Dennis-Yarmouth Regional School District, to name just a few. Further, Jim has received many awards and recognitions for his incredible work for the people of our community. In 2003, Jim married his wife Anne. They have two children, Lindsay and Ryan, and I wish them many years of happiness and more time spent with their family. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor James Francis Winn and his commitment to ensuring the safety of his community. I ask that my col-leagues join me in recognizing his hard work and dedication as he celebrates his retire-ment. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE PAUL LAU-RENCE DUNBAR COMMEMO-RATIVE COIN ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the Paul Laurence Dunbar Commemora-tive Coin Act. This bill recognizes one of the first influential African-American poets in American literature and benefits the Dunbar Alumni Federation, the alumni association for the Paul Laurence Dunbar Senior High School, which is historic for being the first public high school for African Americans in the United States, and which is my alma mater. Paul Laurence Dunbar was born June 27, 1872, to freed slaves, and went on to pen such classics as Majors and Minors and Lyrics of Lowly Life. He also composed the lyrics to In Dahomey, the first all-African-American mu-sical produced on Broadway. By the late 1890s, Dunbar had become a prominent au-thor, having had his poems published in major national newspapers, including The New York Times. Dunbar died February 9, 1906, at age 33. Paul Laurence Dunbar Senior High School was established in the District bf Columbia in 1870 as the Preparatory High School for Col-ored Youth. The school was renamed for Dun-bar in 1916. The Dunbar Alumni Federation was orga-nized in 2002 to provide scholarships and other financial support to students and grad-uates of Paul Laurence Dunbar High School. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.001 E25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE906 June 25, 2018 
The Federation has alumni from more than 35 graduating classes, and supports the school through its scholarship efforts, community ac-tivities and other endeavors. This bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to mint 50,000 five-dollar coins, 400,000 one-dollar coins, and 750,000 half- dollar coins, with a surcharge on each coin. The surcharges will benefit the scholarships and similar activities of the Dunbar Alumni Federation. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
COMMEMORATING GUAM WAR SURVIVOR REMEMBRANCE DAY 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the people of Guam who endured 32 months of horrific enemy occupation during World War II. Today on Guam, our community is commemorating War Survivor Remem-brance Day to honor their patriotism and un-wavering loyalty to the United States. The residents of Guam suffered unspeakable harm as a result of our island’s occupation by Impe-rial Japanese military forces during World War II. Guam was the only U.S. territory with a per-manent civilian population occupied during World War II, and many of our people were subjected to death and the atrocities of war in-cluding forced labor and internment. Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate that our nation recognize the residents of Guam for their steadfast loyalty to the United States of Amer-ica, as demonstrated by the countless acts of courage they performed despite the threat of death or great bodily harm they faced at the hands of the enemy forces that occupied Guam during World War II. Today, I extend my gratitude to the mem-bers of our greatest generation in recognition of War Survivor Remembrance Day. I join the people of Guam and all Americans in honoring the lives of all of Guam’s war survivors, and the memory of those who we lost during the occupation. The courage and resiliency of our Guam’s war survivors continues to live on in the legacy of our people. I am especially mindful that as our commu-nity celebrates War Survivor Remembrance Day, the Guam War Claims Program has reached a new milestone, and applications for claims are under review by the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission at the U.S. Depart-ment of Justice. Passing the Guam World War II Loyalty Recognition Act was a commitment I made to the people of Guam and an initiative that I and our community persisted in advocating for de-spite the challenges we faced. Working to se-cure passage of war claims alongside many of our local organizations on Guam, as well as with policymakers and officials in the Bush, Obama, and now Trump Administrations, en-sured that the law is implemented as intended. I commend all the work of my predecessors, former Congressmen Antonio Won Pat, Ben Blaz, and Robert Underwood, as well as the members of the Guam War Claims Review Commission, who laid the groundwork for our success. This was a positive accomplishment for Guam, and it gives our elders (nana˚mko) rec-ognition for what they endured during the oc-cupation as a result of their loyalty and patriot-ism to the United States. Again with the peo-ple of Guam and a grateful nation, I extend a sincere thank you and thank you very much (Un Dangkolo na si Yu’os Ma’ase) to all of Guam’s War Survivors. f 
RELATIONS BETWEEN GEORGIA AND THE UNITED STATES 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to an issue that could threaten the close relationship our country shares with the Republic of Georgia. Last year marked the 25th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations be-tween the United States and Georgia. Since that time, Georgia has evolved into a strong ally of the United States with Georgians and Americans serving side-by-side in Kosovo, Iraq, and Afghanistan. Georgia has provided more troops in support of combat operations in Afghanistan on a per-capita basis than any other country in the world. The country also plays a key role in the Northern Distribution Network lines of communication that support NATO efforts in Afghanistan. While Georgia and the United States have been great allies these past 25 years, that re-lationship is now under threat. Recently, the Government of Georgia began to take a series of aggressive and discouraging actions to-wards American companies operating in Geor-gia. Over the past year, I have received re-ports of increased mistreatment and harass-ment of American and European companies. In this time, we have also seen reports of fa-vorable outreach to companies from Russia, Iran, and China. Simply put, this is a warning signal that should be taken very seriously. Furthermore, in February of this year, our Director of National Intelligence, Daniel Coats, issued his office’s ‘‘Worldwide Threat Assess-ment of the U.S. Intelligence Community’’. Specifically, he highlighted issues with Geor-gia’s recent ruling party as a top concern given their propensity for stifling political oppo-sition, consolidating power, and causing inter-nal issues as Georgia continues to face exter-nal threats from Russia. Moving forward, it is my hope that the Gov-ernment of Georgia will adhere to and respect the rule of law with regards to international ob-ligations and the protection of intellectual prop-erty rights. In respecting and honoring freely negotiated conditions of both existing and fu-ture business investments from the United States, the Government of Georgia would serve to reaffirm and demonstrate their com-mitment to the shared principles of a fair and democratic market economy and our critically important transatlantic strategic partnership. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on June 22, 2018, I was absent for recorded votes No. 287 and No. 288. I would have voted as follows if I had been present: on Roll Call No. 287 I would have voted YES; and on Roll Call No. 288 I would have voted YES. f 
RECOGNIZING THE STANISLAUS COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Stanislaus County Board of Su-pervisors for issuing a proclamation acknowl-edging and celebrating Immigrant Heritage Month (lHM). Stanislaus County is a land of immigrants, old and new. For generations, America has been reinvigorated by the contributions of new arrivals from foreign lands, and like so many of my fellow residents, I am especially proud of my district’s deeply rooted immigrant his-tory. Our country was built on the belief that all men are created equal, and immigrants from around the globe have proven to be vital contributors to the cultural and economic pros-perity of Stanislaus County. The Stanislaus County Board of Supervisors recently acknowledged Immigrant Heritage Month, issuing a proclamation in accordance with a nationwide effort to celebrate and share inspirational stories of the vast contributions made by immigrants. Dedicated to remaining a welcoming community, we must hold IHM as a reminder to continue to pursue laws and policies that provide common sense pathways to successful integration for all newcomers. I applaud the Stanislaus County Board of Supervisors for recognizing the Month of June as a time to celebrate immigration. Immigrant Heritage Month will encourage us to remem-ber that we should always strive to offer op-portunities for all to take advantage of the American experience. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Stanislaus County Board of Supervisors for issuing a proclamation acknowledging and celebrating Immigrant Heritage Month. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I was un-available and missed Roll Call Vote 285. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 285. 
f 
INDIVIDUALS IN MEDICAID DE-SERVE CARE THAT IS APPRO-PRIATE AND RESPONSIBLE IN ITS EXECUTION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GARRET GRAVES 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.004 E25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE907 June 25, 2018 
consideration the bill (H.R. 5797) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to provide under Medicaid services for certain individuals with opioid use disorders in institutions for mental diseases: 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I am proud that the House is taking urgent action to help people affected by opioid abuse, and I’m confident that many of the solutions put forth in this legislation will result in more people finding recovery. For treatment centers and providers, the IMD exclusion creates an obsta-cle to their ability to deliver substance abuse patients the level of treatment needed for full recovery. However, through state waivers in managed-care systems like we have in Lou-isiana, patients in many cases are still able to obtain better care than the IMD exclusion oth-erwise allows. I’m concerned that H.R. 5797’s limited scope and its 30-day cap could mean less flexibility for providers and may actually result in inferior patient care compared to what is currently possible through waivers. In re-ality, recovery often takes more than 30 days. Limiting costs and rewarding outcomes would offer more flexibility for providers than a one- size-fits-all, 30-day cap. As the House con-siders broader proposals to affordably address the IMD exclusion, we should work to identify solutions that give more autonomy to frontline providers and that foster evidence-based care at the regional, state and local levels. 
f 
BOLSTER THE U.S. JUDICIARY’S DEFENSE AGAINST PUTIN’S KLEPTOCRACY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, while there has been much talk about Russia’s interference in last year’s election, there has been much less focus on another serious matter that deserves attention on Capitol Hill. I am referring to Rus-sia’s attempt to manipulate the U.S. judicial system to pursue their corrupt goals and per-secute victims of the Kremlin on U.S. soil. I in-clude in the R
ECORD a recent piece written by Atlantic Council Russia scholar, Anders Aslund, which calls attention to this growing problem. I was especially troubled to learn that the courts of my home state of New York have been targeted as venues for this manipulation of justice. We must remain vigilant in the face of these efforts to corrupt our democratic insti-tutions. Just as any intrusion into the U.S. electoral system must be met with proactive measures to safeguard our voting process, the exploitation of our courts by Russia and others demands a robust response as well. I plan to work with my staff to explore this issue further and would urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the same. 
[From the Hill, May 25, 2018] B
OLSTER THE U.S. J UDICIARY ’SDEFENSE  A
GAINST PUTIN’SKLEPTOCRACY  (By Anders Aslund) United States citizens are outraged about the Kremlin’s incursion into the U.S. elec-toral system, but that is unfortunately just the tip of the iceberg. Russia is also trying to hijack the U.S. judiciary for corrupt pur-poses, expropriation and political repression, which has received little attention. Unlawful seizure of private assets and pri-vate companies by the Kremlin has been the norm since Vladimir Putin became president in 2000. Russia’s law enforcement agencies and courts are regularly used for the enrich-ment of the ruling elite. Annual State Department and Freedom House reports underscore that the Russian judicial system lacks independence from the country’s powerful executive branch. The Sergei Magnitsky case is the best- known example of the Russian state’s co-opt-ing of the courts to support its kleptocracy. A cabal of Russian tax and law enforcement officers conspired to defraud Russian tax-payers of $230 million, the largest tax fraud in Russian history, by targeting Bill Browder’s company, Hermitage Capital. When Magnitsky, Browder’s tax attorney, discovered the fraud and notified authorities, Hermitage and Magnitsky were charged with their own fraud. Magnitsky was then ar-rested and died in pre-trial detention at the age of 37. Since then, Russian authorities have re-peatedly called on Interpol to disseminate red notices to harass Browder and other vic-tims. Interpol, which is meant to facilitate cross-border coordination among law en-forcement agencies, is susceptible to abuse as it passes on requests and notices from states without much scrutiny. Russia misuses Interpol’s red notices to gain the support of international law en-forcement agencies, including U.S. law en-forcement, in pursuing political dissidents and victims of corporate raiding. Russian legal authorities also abuse the U.S. court system by exploiting U.S. federal discovery laws. Under these laws, a foreign party can use the U.S. federal courts to com-pel discovery from any person under U.S. ju-risdiction. The Russian authorities used this law re-peatedly against Yukos and its affiliates, after confiscating the oil giant from Mikhail Khodorkovsky and other shareholders. More recently, agents of the Russian state have engaged in two federal court cases in New York: a 2016 attempt to loot the assets of Janna Bullock and her real estate invest-ment firm RIGroup, and a 2018 effort to plun-der the personal property of banker Sergei Leontiv, a former shareholder of Probusinessbank. The Russian state is using the discovery process to extract information to further criminal charges and extortion schemes against individuals who fled to the U.S. seek-ing the protection, safety and rule of law now being undermined. The Russian government and its associates have developed similar strategies to use fed-eral and state courts to recognize and vali-date bogus decisions from Russian courts, exploit the U.S. Bankruptcy Code on behalf of sham creditors aligned with the Russian state and enforce illegitimate claims and or-ders issued by corrupt Russian judges. Although U.S. judges are permitted to con-sider evidence questioning the legitimacy of a foreign judicial decision, they are rightly hesitant to speculate on whether another country upholds the rule of law. Such a determination requires significant analysis beyond the scope and ability of most courts and therefore leaves the U.S. ju-diciary ill-equipped to defend itself against Russian incursion. The U.S. is slowly beginning to fight back against Russian intrusion into our courts. In 2017, the United States sanctioned two Rus-sian private-sector lawyers, Yulia Mayorova and Andrei Pavlov, who repeatedly rep-resented Russian government agencies in the United States. After passage by Congress of the ‘‘Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act,’’ the U.S. sanctioned Artem Chaika, the son of Russia’s prosecutor general, who used his father’s position to extort bribes and win contracts for himself and his cronies, while driving out competition. More needs to be done to keep Russian law-lessness abroad at bay. The House and Sen-ate judiciary committees should investigate the hacking of U.S. courts and hold hearings to examine the threat they pose, with an eye toward developing legislation that will help block future attacks. The Department of Justice and the State Department should consider establishing a joint task force to coordinate with U.S. courts, where victims of abuse by corrupt governments could submit their evidence. The State Department already produces annual reports that opine on the state of for-eign judiciaries, which can be put to good use to protect the integrity of U.S. courts. f COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF FRANK CARLUCCI 
HON. DEVIN NUNES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleagues, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. C
ALVERT , to celebrate the life of Frank Carlucci, who died earlier this month at the age of 87. Born on October 18, 1930, Mr. Car-lucci served the United States under four Presidential administrations. He joined the Foreign Service in 1956 and served the State Department abroad for 12 years in South Afri-ca, the Congo, Zanzibar, and Brazil. Mr. Carlucci returned to Washington in 1969 and held positions such as deputy director, then director, of the Office of Economic Op-portunity; deputy director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget; and deputy director of the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. Mr. Carlucci served as United States Am-bassador to Portugal in the 1970s, during which he gave crucial support to democratic forces as they thwarted a communist-backed coup attempt in 1975. He also designed health and housing programs for the U.S. Agency for International Development. Upon his return in 1978 from Portugal, President Jimmy Carter named Mr. Carlucci deputy CIA director, where he took control of the day-to-day operations of the agency. Fol-lowing his tenure at the CIA, he became dep-uty defense secretary in 1981 at the Pen-tagon. Mr. Carlucci entered the private sector for a few years in the 1980s but returned to public life when President Ronald Reagan named him National Security Advisor in 1986. A year later, President Reagan named Mr. Carlucci Secretary of Defense. At the Department of Defense, he presided over $33 billion in budg-et cuts while maintaining strength abroad to-ward the end of the Cold War. Mr. Carlucci retired from public service in 1989 to join the Carlyle Group. He later be-came its chairman. Mr. Carlucci leaves behind his wife Marcia McMillan Myers, three children, and six grand-children. Frank Carlucci had an illustrious career as a public servant to the United States, and his profound impact on foreign policy and national security will be long remembered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.010 E25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE908 June 25, 2018 
HONORING THE CAREER OF MRS. RAMONA CORTE´S GARZA 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the retirement of Ra-mona Corte´s Garza, who served as the Exec-utive Director of State Government Relations for the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). During her 30 years of service with UCLA, Ramona used her experience and ex-pertise to be a true advocate and leader for the University as well as a compassionate am-bassador to the community. Ramona’s professional career at UCLA began in 1988, where she served as the Di-rector of Outreach Programming within Public Affairs for the UCLA Alumni Association. After only two years in that role, she was promoted to Director of Community Outreach. Three years later she became Director of Community Relations. During her time at the UCLA Alumni Association, she founded the Summer Youth Employment and Training Program (SYETP), where she worked to help teens in under- served communities of Los Angeles obtain summer jobs at UCLA. SYETP is a federally- funded program by the Jobs Training Partner-ship Act through the City of Los Angeles. Through this program, youth are given the op-portunity to gain invaluable work experience as well as educational enrichment. Addition-ally, Ramona spearheaded the Community Di-rectory Initiative, which gave people access to the considerable resources that UCLA has to offer. Ramona transitioned to UCLA Government and Community Relations after over a decade at the UCLA Alumni Association, where she served as the Executive Director of State Gov-ernment Relations for two decades. She formed essential relationships that helped ad-vocate for the University to get their state pri-orities fulfilled including getting critical funding through the state budget. Ramona also led her team in hosting candidate forums and legis-lator visits to campus, coordinating district of-fice meetings with legislative staff, and orga-nizing advocacy days in Sacramento with leg-islators where she stressed the impact of their funding decisions on UCLA’s future. She em-powered student interns to help organize events, including advocacy workshops and panels covering various issues affecting UCLA, and tirelessly dedicated her time to mentor others, sharing her wisdom, knowl-edge, skills and expertise. Ramona also worked to establish the Ce ´sar E. Cha´vez Department of Chicana and Chi-cano Studies at UCLA throughout her career. What started out as a small research center has grown and flourished into a nationally-rec-ognized department that studies the historic experiences and cultural traditions of Los An-geles’ largest and most prominent demo-graphic. The Department has also been es-sential in fortifying the University’s relationship with the Mexican-American community, which is integral to the history and future of my dis-trict. Ramona was a recipient of many university achievements and awards, including the ‘‘Woman of the Year’’ award by the Los Ange-les County Commission for Women for her ad-vocacy role on behalf of higher education. Outside of her work with UCLA, Ramona still found time to help her community as an Educational Advisory Board member of the Hispanic American Committee for Educational Resources (HACER) of the Ronald McDonald House Charities, which gives young people the opportunity to pursue higher fields of study regardless of financial circumstances. Ramona’s legacy is marked by the enduring and meaningful relationships she forged with the community, legislators, external organiza-tions, student interns, fellow staff members, and campus departments for the benefit of the students, faculty, and alumni of one of the world’s leading research universities and through the work of those she mentored. After retiring, Ramona will continue to be an active member of the community and an advo-cate for those that are underserved in edu-cation. I wish Ramona and her family many years of happiness and good health. 
f 
HONORING MR. MIKE STUTZ ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIRE-MENT FROM THE GULF CALI-FORNIA BROADCAST COMPANY 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Mr. Mike Stutz on his retirement as General Manager of KESQ, CBS Local 2, and KUNA Noticias at Gulf California Broadcast Company in Thousand Palms, California. During his esteemed career, Mr. Stutz al-ways sought the truth throughout his accom-plished career in journalism. He has overseen newsrooms in cities across the country—in St. Louis, Missouri; Jacksonville, Florida; Denver, Colorado; and San Diego, California. In his most recent position, he oversaw television and radio news stations across the Coachella Valley, directing the operations of diverse and bilingual news departments that inform my constituents and connect them with their com-munities. Along the way, Mr. Stutz has won many na-tional awards for excellence in journalism, in-cluding two Edward R. Murrow Awards for Overall Excellence and a National Headline Award. His success is a testament to his trust in his reporters, commitment to holding power accountable, and above all, his dedication to the thousands of viewers who have looked to his newsrooms to stay informed about the issues and events that matter most. Mr. Stutz is also a cancer survivor, and since winning his battle against the disease, he has served on the Board of the Leadership, Council of the American Cancer Society in Palm Springs. He has dedicated himself to his community in service to this and other organi-zations, serving on the Boards of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Coachella Valley, the FIND Food Bank, and the N H & Frances C. Berger Foundation. Mr. Stutz’s generosity to his community and tenacity as a reporter have brought light to the lives of so many in our community. In retire-ment, I am confident he will continue to share his wisdom—as well as spend some well-de-served time with his wife Ellen, three sons Tim, Teddy, and Andy, and five grandchildren. On behalf of the thousands of Coachella Valley residents who have come to rely on the products of his journalistic leadership, I con-gratulate Mr. Mike Stutz on reaching this mile-stone, and I wish him a long and happy retire-ment. f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF MR. CHRISTOPHER L. BORTON 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor to congratulate Mr. Christopher L. Borton upon his retirement after a rewarding 40-year career in engineering. A lifelong resident of Luzerne County and graduate of Central Catholic High School and Pennsylvania State University, Mr. Borton has dedicated his career to dutifully serving his community, and the Commonwealth as a whole. Since founding Borton-Lawson in 1988, Mr. Borton has worked tirelessly with his col-leagues to build this architecture and engi-neering company into a successful 170-person operation through ‘‘thoughtful leadership.’’ Borton-Lawson began initially as Borton En-gineering Associates, Inc., with the intent of solely providing civil engineering services, but quickly added structural engineering to the company’s portfolio through a partnership with Thomas Lawson later that year. From there, Borton-Lawson continued to grow and eventu-ally expanded into a full-service engineering and architecture design firm by 2000. In addition to his duties as CEO of Borton- Lawson, Mr. Borton serves as both a state and national director for the American Council of Engineering Companies. He is also a leader within numerous community and professional organizations, including the Northeastern Pennsylvania Alliance Business Finance Corp, of which he is treasurer, and Misercordia Uni-versity, where he serves as the Chairman of the Board of Trustees. Throughout his illustrious career, Mr. Borton has served in several philanthropic roles, such as Chairman of the United Way of Wyoming Valley. Further, prior to starting at Borton- Lawson, Mr. Borton was an integral part of the flood recovery efforts throughout Wilkes-Barre and Johnston, PA, as well as Baltimore, Mary-land. Mr. Borton and his wife of 38 years, Karen, who met on a flood recovery cleanup trip in 1972, have passed on this caring mindset to their three children, Karl, Kate and Sarah. Mr. Borton’s career is truly an inspiration to all young engineers and a reminder of the attain-ability of the American dream through hard work. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Mr. Borton for all that he has done for the Luzerne County and Pennsylvania commu-nities and congratulate him on this new chap-ter in his life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.013 E25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE909 June 25, 2018 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MS. FELICIA KAHN 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Ms. Felicia Kahn, a political activist for nearly 70 years who tire-lessly fought for an array of causes, especially those that benefited women, and minorities. Ms. Kahn died on June 21, 2018 at the age of 91. Ms. Kahn, who cast her first vote for Harry Truman when he won the presidency in 1948, worked last year in LaToya Cantrell’s success-ful mayoral campaign. Ms. Kahn’s work on Cantrell’s campaign occurred shortly after she attended her tenth Democratic National Con-vention in 2016. At age 90, she was the sec-ond oldest delegate. Ms. Felicia Schornstein was born on July 11, 1926. She graduated from Newman School and Newcomb College, where she ma-jored in sociology. While in college, she joined the League of Women Voters of New Orleans and helped register women to vote. After graduation, Ms. Kahn gained a job with the city Welfare Department, where she witnessed the problems stemming from seg-regation. She supported the integration of the league, and she worked with Betty Wisdom to create Carrolton Central, an organization that helped low-income residents in that part of the city get the services they needed. Ms. Kahn left her city job when she married Mr. Charles N. Kahn, Jr., but she remained active in politics, serving as president of the League of Women Voters and as a board member. Ms. Kahn, who became a real estate agent, worked in political campaigns and joined the league in lobbying for passage of the Equal Right Amendment. She also was a member of the Historic District Landmarks Commission and the Central Business District Landmarks Commission. Ms. Khan was a member of the National Council of Jewish Women, the Independent Women’s Organization, the New Orleans Coa-lition, the National Women’s Political Caucus, Common Cause, the Alliance of Concerned Taxpayers, and the Alliance for Affordable En-ergy. Ms. Kahn ran unsuccessfully twice for a seat in the state House of Representatives, but she represented Louisiana as a delegate to the National Women’s Conference in Hous-ton in 1977. She was a member of the Demo-cratic State Central Committee, and the state Democratic Party gave her a Lifetime Achieve-ment Award in 2016. Ms. Kahn was a giant in the city of New Or-leans, and her work and passion gained her admiration throughout the country. One was never confused about her values or priorities, she was always in pursuit of the upward mo-bility and wellness of everyone. With her death, we lost a champion for the advance-ment of women, and our commitment should be to carry on that work with the same deter-mination and vigor. We will miss Ms. Kahn’s passion and vital-ity. Our city and the nation is better off be-cause of the work she carried out each day. Ms. Khan is survived by her son, Charles N. ‘‘Chip’’ Kahn III of Arlington, Va; two daugh-ters, Elizabeth Kahn of New Orleans and Felicia Kahn Michelson of Atlanta; a brother, Richard Schornstein of New Orleans; and three grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Ms. Felicia Kahn. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote on roll call No. 287 & No. 288. Had I been present to vote on roll call No. 287, I would have voted ‘Yea’. Had I been present to vote on roll call No. 288, I would have voted ‘Yea’. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote for Roll Call votes 269, 270, and 271 on June 19, 2018. Had I been present, my vote would have been the following: Yea on Roll Call vote 269, Yea on Roll Call vote 270, and Yea on Roll Call vote 271. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF DR. PATRICK MASON 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Patrick Mason who is retiring as president and CEO of the California Founda-tion on the Environment and the Economy (CFEE) after more than 30 years of service. Dr. Mason is a legend in the field of environ-mental and economic policy. Since 1984, Dr. Mason directed all founda-tion activities, including strategic planning, issues development, conferences and study travel projects. Under three decades of his di-rection, CFEE has been instrumental in mak-ing California a world leader in renewable en-ergy, water conservation, and telecommuni-cations. Initiated in 1970, CFEE established itself as an independent, nonprofit institution that works to forge consensus on environmental, trans-portation, and economic growth issues. The foundation creates collaboration between state lawmakers and agencies, business, labor, and academic and community leaders in California. Dr. Mason, who earned his Ph.D. in Eco-nomics from the University of Colorado Boul-der in 1978, served as president of the San Francisco Chapter of the National Association of Business Economist, director of the Cali-fornia Security Bank, and ran an active con-sulting practice as a forensic economist. Dr. Mason’s many achievements include working as a research economist and re-search director for the California Labor Fed-eration at the AFL–CIO. Also, he was the chief economist for the Association of Bay Area. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Patrick Mason as he begins a new chapter in his life. Dr. Mason’s dedica-tion and commitment over the last 30 years has left a lasting impact at CFEE. I wish he and his family continued health and happi-ness. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK SANFORD 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend votes, as my flight back to Wash-ington was delayed by five hours due to weather. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 269; YEA on Roll Call No. 270; and YEA on Roll Call No. 271. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ZONING COMMIS-SION HOME RULE ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the District of Columbia Zoning Commis-sion Home Rule Act. This bill would give the District of Columbia the authority to appoint all members of the D.C. Zoning Commission (Commission). Currently, the Commission con-sists of two federal officials (the Architect of the Capitol (AOC) and the Director of the Na-tional Park Service (NPS), or their designees) and three mayoral appointees, subject to D.C. Council approval. The federal officials are members even though the Commission has no authority over federal property. Land use is a quintessential local matter in our country. Despite the D.C. Home Rule Act, which gave the District jurisdiction over its local matters, 40 percent of the members of the Commission are federal officials, who are unaccountable to the more than 700,000 resi-dents who live in the District. The federal gov-ernment would lose nothing as a result of this bill because the federal government’s land-use interests in the nation’s capital are protected by federal law and federal agencies. The Commission creates the zoning maps and regulations, which must ‘‘not be incon-sistent with the comprehensive plan for the national capital.’’ The mayor is responsible for the local elements of the comprehensive plan, subject to D.C. Council approval. The National Capital Planning Commission (NCPC), which is the central federal planning agency for the federal government in D.C. and approves fed-eral projects here, is responsible for the fed-eral elements of the comprehensive plan. This bill would not alter the comprehensive plan process or the authority of NCPC and the Commission. This bill would immediately remove the AOC and the Director of the NPS from the Commis-sion, and the Commission would, at least ini-tially, consist solely of the three mayoral ap-pointees. The District would have the authority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.016 E25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE910 June 25, 2018 
to reconstitute the membership of the Com-mission through local legislation. This is an important step to increase home rule for the District, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF MAS-TER SERGEANT GARY GORDON 
HON. BRUCE POLIQUIN 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate this year’s 25th Anniversary of the death of Master Sergeant Gary Gordon, U.S. Army Special Forces. MSG Gary Gordon was an extraordinary man and soldier, serving as Sniper Team Leader, United States Army Special Oper-ations Command with Task Force Ranger in the Battle of Mogadishu. He went above and beyond the call of duty on October 3, 1993 in Mogadishu, Somalia, giving his own life to save another. Since MSG Gary Gordon’s heroic death in 1993, his beloved family, the Town of Lincoln, and our Great State of Maine have never for-gotten his service and sacrifice. It has become tradition for the people of Lincoln, Maine to pause and honor MSG Gordon, their home-town hero, each and every year. This year, on June 30, 2018, we will pay tribute to his life with MSG Gary Gordon Day, including a 5k run and walk and a yard sale fundraiser to erect his memorial statue in The Town of Lincoln’s Veterans Park. The memo-rial will feature MSG Gordon’s Medal of Honor citation, as well as a plaque with the names of all the American soldiers killed in 1993 in So-malia. Today, the legacy of Master Sergeant Gary Gordon and his selfless sacrifice lives on in the Town of Lincoln. We are so proud that this man lived, and hailed from the heart of our Great State of Maine. I am humbled and hon-ored to serve in the United States Congress on behalf of the Gordon family and the resi-dents of Lincoln, Maine, who are always look-ing to honor the memory our brave heroes like MSG Gary Gordon. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in recognizing the 25th Anni-versary of the death of Master Sergeant Gary Gordon, and in assuring his family, friends, and community that he will never be forgotten. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MYLO ‘‘MIKE’’ JOHNSEN 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to Mylo ‘‘Mike’’ Johnsen, who passed away in California on Thursday, April 26, 2018. Mike, a devoted family man, served his nation in World War II, and volun-teered with senior and youth organizations in his community. He will be deeply missed. According to his family, Mike was the last known living soldier of his World War II Army Battalion. He spent four years in the Army and was part of the 535th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Automatic Weapons Battalion. The unit was based and trained at Camp Hahn, California, which is now the location of the Riverside Na-tional Cemetery. The 535th landed on the beach during the invasion at Normandy on D- Day, June 6,1944, fought throughout France and Belgium, including at the Battle of the Bulge and were eventually part of the Victory in Europe on May 8, 1945. We are forever in-debted to Mike, who helped liberate Europe from tyranny. Survived by his wife of 69 years, Mike cher-ished spending time with his family, which in-cluded five children, 12 grandchildren, 25 great grandchildren, and 13 great-great grand-children. Mike worked 32 years for Rockwell/ Boeing as a Quality Assurance Inspector and Engineer, contributing to many projects includ-ing Apollo Missions 3 through 17, B1 Bomber, MX missiles, three space shuttles and Navstar, the first satellite navigation system. Mike was a member of the Free Masons for over 50 years and an active adult leader with his children’s various organizations, sports and activities. When Mike retired in Las Vegas, he taught western line-dancing at senior centers for 25 years and supported community events for children with intellectual disabilities at the Professional Bull Riders Finals until he was 91 years old. I extend my heartfelt condolences to the Johnsen family, his friends, and everyone for-tunate enough to know Mike. Although Mike may be gone, the many contributions he made to his country, community and family will have a lasting impact. f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF TOM MELIUS, MIDWEST REGIONAL DI-RECTOR OF THE UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Tom Melius on the occasion of his retirement from the United States Fish and Wildlife Service after nine years as the Mid-west Regional Director. For more than 30 years of distinguished Federal service, Tom has been a leader who is always focused on the Service’s mission to conserve, protect, and enhance fish, wildlife, plants, and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American peo-ple. As the Director of the Midwestern Region of the USFWS, Tom skillfully oversaw more than 1,000 people based at eight field offices, and an area encompassing 1.5 million acres of land in Minnesota, Iowa, Wisconsin, Illinois, In-diana, Michigan, Missouri and Ohio. Tom also led the national effort to protect the monarch butterfly: the state insect of Minnesota and synonymous with the imagery of the great plains throughout the Midwest. Under his stewardship, the program became a national model for other pollinator and wildlife con-servation programs. Prior to his posting in the Midwest Region, Tom oversaw the vast and rugged terrain of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Alaska re-gion and served as Assistant Director for Ex-ternal Affairs in the Washington, D.C., Office from 2003 to 2006. There he led the national programs for Public Engagement, Congres-sional and Legislative Affairs, and the office of Native American Liaison. Tom has also conducted substantive con-servation for the Service while he was Assist-ant Director for Migratory Birds and State Pro-grams. In this role he acted as the Service’s representative on issues regarding the man-agement and conservation of migratory birds and the implementation of the North American Waterfowl Management Plan and wetlands programs. In 2014, Tom was named one of four U.S. Commissioners on the Great Lakes Fishery Commission and advised the sea lamprey control program, which became one of the most successful invasive species programs in the history of international conservation. His efforts in guiding this program directly im-proved the health of the vast habitat and eco-system that is the Great Lakes. In turn, he en-sured that the lakes would remain healthy and true to their natural characteristics well into the future. Before joining the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Tom served as a staff member on Capitol Hill, rising to a senior position on the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, where he crafted policy for fishery management with the Na-tional Marine Fisheries Service and the U.S. Coast Guard; and for coastal programs with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Admin-istration. He also advised the Committee on international conservation matters involving wildlife trade, marine mammals and endan-gered species. His thorough understanding of the legislative process has likely played a sig-nificant role in his ability to be an incredibly ef-fective leader at U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice. Tom Melius’ career is exemplary of the im-pact that committed federal employees have on their work and the people who they serve. Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating the exceptional career of Tom Melius, a champion for the environment and the women and men of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. f 
IN MEMORY OF JOHN J. ‘‘JACK’’ TIFFANY II 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of my friend, Con-necticut state representative and lifelong dairy farmer, Mr. Jack Tiffany. We lost Jack this past February, and I’d like to take a moment to reflect on the life of this dedicated public servant, who spent thirty years representing the 36th district of Connecticut. John J. Tiffany II, or ‘‘Jack’’ as we knew him, was a native of Lyme, Connecticut. The valedictorian of the Old Lyme High School class of 1950 went on to earn a Bachelor of Science in dairy production at the University of Connecticut. He then served his country in the Army Corps of Engineers before finally settling into his life as a dairy farmer, a tradition he carried on like the seven generations of Tif-fanys that came before him. Jack got his start in local politics when he was elected to the Lyme Board of Selectman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.021 E25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE911 June 25, 2018 
Not long after, he sought higher office in the Connecticut General Assembly and won his seat in a special election. He also served as chairman of the Lyme Board of Education for several years. Jack was extremely well-re-spected by his colleagues on both sides of the aisle and was known across the state for his hard work, candor, and exemplary character. I had the chance to see Jack’s fine work up close and in person during the time I held the state legislative seat from the town of Vernon from 1987 to 1994. We were from different parties, but that didn’t mean a thing in all of our interactions. It was truly an honor to serve with him, and his example is an important one for all of us in public office. Jack never lost sight of the challenges that Connecticut dairy farmers face. Each morning, before traveling to Hartford, he rose to do the farm chores. He once declared on the floor of the Connecticut General Assembly, ‘‘I am a dairy farmer by birth, I am a dairy farmer by education and I am a dairy farmer by choice.’’ Even after leaving the General Assembly in 1992, he continued to advocate for farmers. He was a lifelong member of the Lyme Grange and several other agricultural associa-tions. In addition to being a great public servant, Jack was a loving husband, father, and grand-father. He is survived by his wife Susan, their children Hannah and John, as well as their grandchildren Erica and Lauren. He will be dearly missed by his friends, family, and the Lyme community at large. I ask my colleagues to please rise in recognition of Jack’s lifetime of service. May we all look to him as an exam-ple of honesty, humility, hard work, and stew-ardship. 
f 
HONORING MR. MIKE SMITH 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late New Mexico native Mike Smith on com-pleting horse racing’s Triple Crown earlier this month. Mr. Smith deftly rode his horse Justify to victory in the Kentucky Derby, Preakness Stakes, and Belmont Stakes to become just the twelfth Triple Crown winning jockey. Fur-thermore, at the age of 52, Mr. Smith is the oldest person to achieve this feat. Mr. Smith was born in Roswell, New Mexico and spent his childhood in the nearby town of Dexter. Horses were an integral part of life for Mr. Smith, who spent much of his time work-ing with them on his grandparents’ farm. Mr. Smith’s professional jockeying career began when he was just a teenager and included races at tracks like Ruidoso Downs in South-ern New Mexico. Since the early 1990’s, Mr. Smith has ce-mented himself as one of the top jockeys in the world. His long list of accomplishments in-cludes seven victories in Triple Crown races as well as a record 27 Breeders’ Cup wins. His success at these top races has earned Mr. Smith the nickname ‘‘Big Money Mike’’. In rec-ognition of his impressive career, Mr. Smith was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 2003. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the state of New Mexico, I want to congratulate Mike Smith on winning the Triple Crown. He has brought our state great pride and we wish him the best of luck in the future. f 
CELEBRATING THE 120TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE FRESNO ELKS LODGE 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the Fresno Elks Lodge on the occasion of the 120th anniversary of its found-ing. Since its formation on June 25, 1898, the Fresno Elks Lodge has supported and im-proved the local community through charity and fellowship, providing neighbors and fami-lies a place to come together and serve oth-ers. As a charitable fraternal organization, the Fresno Elks Lodge has served the greater Fresno area through many community service projects. Since the organization’s founding, members have worked with the local commu-nity to ensure efforts towards it’s happiness and progression. Such efforts include inviting a clown troupe to visit children in schools and hospitals and entertaining veterans. Over the years, the Fresno Elks Lodge has been honored for its community work for schools and veterans. The Fresno Compact named them one of the Top Ten Businesses and Nonprofit Organizations. They were also honored by the Fresno Veterans Hospital for their work with veterans. Each year, the Fresno Elks Lodge organizes several events for the community. Members hold an annual Flag Day ceremony and other patriotic events in an endeavor to promote good will in the community. Other philan-thropic efforts include supporting the California Hawaii Elks Association Major Project, which provides occupational therapy, physical ther-apy, speech and language training and pre-school vision screening for disabled children throughout California and Hawaii. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Fresno Elks Lodge’s 120th anniversary. I commend the service of all the members of this organization who have worked collectively to invest in the community and help improve the quality of life for many in the Central Valley. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF THE LIFE OF JOEL CARTER DENNEY 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember and celebrate the life of Joel Carter Denney. Joel passed away on Sunday, August 13, 2017. Joel served in the United States Army for 26 years and retired as a well-decorated Colonel in 1993. After retirement, Joel spent his days serving others as Chairperson for Alabama Honor Flight, President of Habitat for Human-ity, Co-chair of the Calhoun County Chamber Military and Security Affairs Committee, Mem-ber of the Alabama Job Creation & Military Stability Commission, Member of Berman Foundation Board and Museum and a volun-teer with Carpenters for Christ. During his time in the Army, Joel served in Korea, Vietnam, Germany, Fort Benning, Fort Hood, Fort Carson, Fort Riley, Anniston Army Depot and Aberdeen Proving Grounds. I knew Joel for many years and can hon-estly say he spent his life serving others—es-pecially the work he did with the Alabama Honor Flight. His leadership and presence are certainly missed in Calhoun County. Joel will be laid to rest on June 27, 2018 at Arlington National Cemetery. Mr. Speaker, please join me in remembering Joel Denney and celebrating a life well-lived. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LINDA WOLFSON 
HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Linda Wolfson, a woman who has dedicated her life to helping others through her work for Vita Education Services. During her twenty-four years with Vita, Linda has served as Director of Literacy, Director of Programs and has served as Executive Direc-tor since 2009. Under her skilled leadership, Vita has grown into the leading literacy agency in Bucks County and the largest provider of education services in the Bucks County Cor-rectional Facility. In addition to her vision, pas-sion and leadership at Vita, Linda has also served our community in numerous ways. She is Trustee Emeritus of the Bucks County Free Library System and served as its President of the Board from 1994–2003. She also served as a member of the Bucks County Workforce Investment Board from 2010 to 2015. Linda has truly had a positive impact in my district. I commend her for her dedication and service to our community and wish her well as she re-tires. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO COLONEL JAMES A. D
ELAPP UPON HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to Colonel James A. DeLapp upon his re-tirement from the U.S. Army. DeLapp most re-cently served as Commander of the Mobile District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Colonel DeLapp, a native of Barrington, Illi-nois, has served our nation in the U.S. Army for over 24 years. Within this period of dedi-cated service, Colonel DeLapp assisted in military and peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia, Kosovo, Croatia, Iraq, and Afghanistan, as well as leading the Corps of Engineers Recov-ery Field Office mission to provide relief to residents of Puerto Rico in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria. Prior to his experience commanding the Mo-bile District, Colonel DeLapp served as Com-mander of the Nashville District of the U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.025 E25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE912 June 25, 2018 
Army Corps of Engineers. As Commander of the Nashville District, he managed improve-ments in navigation, flood damage reduction, hydropower, environmental stewardship, and recreation for the Cumberland and Tennessee River basins. Colonel DeLapp graduated as a Distin-guished Military Graduate from Kansas State University with a Bachelor’s of Architecture Degree in 1994. In 2003, he earned his Mas-ter’s of Science in Construction Management from Texas A&M University. Colonel DeLapp has accumulated a com-mendable number of awards for his time served in the U.S. Army, including the Bronze Star, the Meritorious Service Medal, the Army Commendation Medal, and the Army Superior Unit Award, as well as others. The work the Army Corps does in South-west Alabama and throughout our country is critical to protecting our local communities, en-suring the free flow of maritime commerce, and protecting our unique coastal ecosystem. Colonel DeLapp has played a pivotal role in ensuring that mission is accomplished on a day-to-day basis, and his leadership will be sorely missed. On behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District and the countless people his leader-ship has impacted, I wish Colonel DeLapp all the best upon his retirement. His tireless serv-ice to our country will not be forgotten. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 25, 2018 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, due to an un-avoidable conflict I was unable to attend the vote series noted below on June 22, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 288. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, June 26, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED JUNE 27 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 645, to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the effects of broadband deployment and adoption on the economy of the United States, S. 1092, to protect the right of law-abiding citizens to trans-port knives interstate, notwith-standing a patchwork of local and State prohibitions, S. 1896, to amend section 8331 of title 5, United States Code, and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to clarify the treatment of availability pay for Federal air mar-shals and criminal investigators of the Transportation Security Administra-tion, S. 2941, to improve the Coopera-tive Observer Program of the National Weather Service, S. 3094, to restrict the department in which the Coast Guard is operating from implementing any rule requiring the use of biometric readers for biometric transportation security cards until after submission to Congress of the results of an assess-ment of the effectiveness of the trans-portation security card program, H.R. 4254, to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellow-ship opportunities to women, H.R. 4467, to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strategies, H.R. 4559, to conduct a global aviation security review, and the nominations of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce, Heidi R. King, of California, to be Ad-ministrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kansas, to be a Mem-ber of the Federal Communications Commission, and Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Com-missioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission. SD–106 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine how to re-duce health care costs, focusing on un-derstanding the cost of health care in America. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine Medicaid fraud and overpayments, focusing on problems and solutions. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the eligi-bility requirements for the Radiation Exposure Compensation Program to ensure all downwinders receive cov-erage. SD–226 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the need for United States leadership on digital trade. LHOB–1100 2:15 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of State. SD–192 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine FAST–41 and the Federal Permitting Improve-ment Steering Council, focusing on progress to date and next steps. SD–106 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine the com-petitive impact of the T–Mobile— Sprint transaction. SD–226 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs. SD–G50 JUNE 28 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine legislative proposals to examine corporate govern-ance. SD–538 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Charles P. Rettig, of California, to be Commissioner of Internal Rev-enue, Department of the Treasury. SD–215 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2245, to include New Zealand in the list of for-eign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, S. 2823, to modernize copyright law, S. 2946, to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, David James Porter, of Penn-sylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indi-ana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Lance E. Walker, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine, and John D. Jordan, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Missouri, Nick Willard, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Hampshire, and Mark F. Sloke, to be United States Marshal for the South-ern District of Alabama, all of the De-partment of Justice. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25JN8.030 E25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE913 June 25, 2018 
10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and an origi-nal bill making appropriations for the Department of Labor, Department of Health and Human Services, Depart-ment of Education, and Related Agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019. SD–106 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Donald Lu, of California, to be Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic, and Randy W. Berry, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal, both of the Depart-ment of State. SD–419 POSTPONEMENTS 
JUNE 27 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues To hold hearings to examine illicit min-ing, focusing on threats to United States national security and inter-national human rights. SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M25JN8.000 E25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D723 Monday, June 25, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4353–S4377 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 3120–3131, and S. Res. 556.
                                                          Pages S4368–69 
Measures Reported: S. 3120, to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to help end addictions and lessen substance abuse disorders. (S. Rept. No. 115–284) 
                                                                                            Page S4368 
Measures Passed: Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Ap-propriations Act: By 86 yeas to 5 nays (Vote No. 139), Senate passed H.R. 5895, making appropria-tions for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, as amended.
                                            Pages S4363–64 
Measures Considered: Agriculture and Nutrition Act—Agreement: Sen-ate resumed consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023.
                                                                                Page S4364 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 89 yeas to 3 nays (Vote No. 140), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                        Page S4364 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, June 26, 2018; and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and Leader remarks count post-cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.          Page S4376 
Messages from the President: Senate received the following messages from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008, with respect to North Korea, received during adjournment of the Senate on June 22, 2018; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–44)
           Page S4368 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001, with respect to the Western Balkans, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate on June 22, 2018; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–45) 
                                                                                            Page S4368 
Blew Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent-time agreement was reached providing that at a time to be determined by the Majority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Development, De-partment of Education; that there then be five hours of debate, equally divided; and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on con-firmation of the nomination, with no intervening ac-tion or debate.
                                                             Page S4364 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: Frank T. Brogan, of Pennsylvania, to be Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary Education, Department of Education.
                                     Page S4377 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN8.REC D25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD724 June 25, 2018 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Rae Oliver, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Department of Housing and Urban Development. Rick A. Dearborn, of Oklahoma, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years. Lynda Blanchard, of Alabama, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Slovenia. Robert A. Destro, of Virginia, to be Assistant Sec-retary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor. Dereck J. Hogan, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Moldova. Joseph Maguire, of Florida, to be Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, Office of the Di-rector of National Intelligence. Robert S. Brewer, Jr., of California, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Cali-fornia for the term of four years. Jason R. Dunn, of Colorado, to be United States Attorney for the District of Colorado for the term of four years. Bradley Jay LaRose, of Vermont, to be United States Marshal for the District of Vermont for the term of four years. Matthew J. Schneider, of Michigan, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan for the term of four years. Mark B. Shepherd, of Mississippi, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Mis-sissippi for the term of four years. Peter G. Strasser, of Louisiana, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana for the term of four years. Routine lists in the Air Force, and Army. 
                                                                                            Page S4377 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4368 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S4368 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4369–70 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4370–71 
Additional Statements: Amendments Submitted:
                          Pages S4371–76 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4376 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—140)
                                                        Pages S4363–64 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:46 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, June 26, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4376.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 12 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6206–6217; 1 private bill, H.R. 6218; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 960 and H. Res. 962, were introduced.
                                     Pages H5647–48 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5649 
Reports Filed: A report was filed on June 22, 2018 as follows: Committee on Appropriations. Revised Suballoca-tion of Budget Allocations for Fiscal Year 2019 (H. Rept. 115–779). Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5783, to provide a safe harbor for financial institutions that maintain a customer account at the request of a Federal or State law enforcement agency, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–780); H.R. 6069, to require the Comptroller General of the United States to carry out a study on how vir-tual currencies and online marketplaces are used to buy, sell, or facilitate the financing of goods or serv-ices associated with sex trafficking or drug traf-ficking, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–781, Part 1); H.R. 5751, to redesignate Golden Spike National Historic Site and to establish the Transcontinental Railroad Network, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–782); and H. Res. 961, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2083) to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN8.REC D25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D725 June 25, 2018 
to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–783).
                            Page H5647 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Arrington to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H5583 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:18 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H5585 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:02 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:16 p.m.
                                                   Page H5585 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act of 2018: H.R. 5783, amended, to pro-vide a safe harbor for financial institutions that maintain a customer account at the request of a Fed-eral or State law enforcement agency, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 379 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 290; 
                                                                Pages H5585–86, H5621–22 
The Credit Access and Inclusion Act: H.R. 435, amended, to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to clarify Federal law with respect to reporting certain positive consumer credit information to consumer re-porting agencies;
                                                Pages H5586–87 
Fight Illicit Networks and Detect Trafficking Act: H.R. 6069, amended, to require the Comp-troller General of the United States to carry out a study on how virtual currencies and online market-places are used to buy, sell, or facilitate the financ-ing of goods or services associated with sex traf-ficking or drug trafficking;
                          Pages H5589–90 
Hydrographic Services Improvement Amend-ments Act: H.R. 221, amended, to reauthorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998; 
                                                                                    Pages H5590–91 
Golden Spike 150th Anniversary Act: H.R. 5751, amended, to redesignate Golden Spike Na-tional Historic Site and to establish the Trans-continental Railroad Network;
                   Pages H5591–92 
Tulare Youth Recreation and Women’s History Enhancement Act: H.R. 805, to authorize the con-veyance of and remove the reversionary interest of the United States in certain lands in the City of Tulare, California;
                                             Pages H5593–94 
California Off-Road Recreation and Conserva-tion Act: H.R. 857, amended, to provide for con-servation and enhanced recreation activities in the California Desert Conservation Area; 
                                                                             Pages H5594–H5603 
Lake Bistineau Land Title Stability Act: H.R. 3392, amended, to provide for stability of title to certain land in the State of Louisiana;
    Pages H5603–04 Mountains to Sound Greenway National Herit-age Act: H.R. 1791, amended, to establish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington;
             Pages H5604–07 
Advancing Conservation and Education Act: H.R. 4257, amended, to maximize land management efficiencies, promote land conservation, and generate education funding;
                                            Pages H5608–11 
Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act: H.R. 299, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the expo-sure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 382 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 289; 
                                                                                    Pages H5611–21 
Making technical amendments to certain marine fish conservation statutes: H.R. 4528, to make technical amendments to certain marine fish con-servation statutes;
                                              Pages H5622–23 
Enhancing Suspicious Activity Reporting Initia-tive Act: H.R. 5094, amended, to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to improve suspicious activity reporting to prevent acts of terrorism; 
                                                                                    Pages H5623–25 
Surface Transportation Security and Technology Accountability Act of 2018: H.R. 5081, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Transportation Security Administration the Surface Transportation Security Advisory Com-mittee;
                                                                     Pages H5625–27 
Transportation Security Technology Innovation Reform Act of 2018: H.R. 5730, amended, to re-quire testing and evaluation of advanced transpor-tation security screening technologies related to the mission of the Transportation Security Administra-tion;
                                                                          Pages H5627–29 
Securing Public Areas of Transportation Facili-ties Act of 2018: H.R. 5766, to improve the secu-rity of public areas of transportation facilities; 
                                                                                    Pages H5629–30 
Department of Homeland Security Industrial Control Systems Capabilities Enhancement Act of 2018: H.R. 5733, amended, to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to provide for the respon-sibility of the National Cybersecurity and Commu-nications Integration Center to maintain capabilities to identify threats to industrial control systems; 
                                                                                    Pages H5630–32 
Office of Biometric Identity Management Au-thorization Act of 2018: H.R. 5206, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to estab-lish the Office of Biometric Identity Management; and
                                                                            Pages H5632–33 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN8.REC D25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD726 June 25, 2018 
Immigration Advisory Program Authorization Act of 2018: H.R. 5207, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the im-migration advisory program.
                       Pages H5633–34 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:15 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H5620 
Recess: The House recessed at 7:10 p.m. and recon-vened at 7:13 p.m.
                                                   Page H5623 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Prevention of Private Information Dissemina-tion Act: H.R. 4294, amended, to amend the Finan-cial Stability Act of 2010 to provide a criminal pen-alty for unauthorized disclosures of certain individ-ually identifiable information by officers or employ-ees of a Federal department or agency. 
                                                                                    Pages H5587–89 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on page H5585. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5620–21 and H5621–22. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:45 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMUNITIES AND INCREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISHERIES MANAGEMENT ACT; ENDANGERED SALMON AND FISHERIES PREDATION PREVENTION ACT; DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 200, the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act’’; H.R. 2083, the ‘‘Endangered Salmon and Fish-eries Predation Prevention Act’’; and H.R. 6157, the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019’’ [General Debate]. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 6157 under a structured rule. The rule pro-vides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–77 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, for failure to comply with clause 2 rule XXI, except beginning on page 86, line 1, through page 86, line 7. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides that no further consid-eration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. In section 3, the rule provides that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. In section 4, the rule provides that during consideration of H.R. 6157, it shall not be in order to use a decrease in Overseas Contingency Oper-ations funds to offset an amendment that increases an appropriation not designated as Overseas Contin-gency Operations funds or vice versa, but does not apply to amendments between the Houses. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 2083 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 115–79 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part B of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. Finally, in section 5, the rule provides that H. Res. 952 is laid on the table. Testimony was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN8.REC D25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D727 June 25, 2018 
heard from Chairman Royce of California, and Rep-resentatives Young of Alaska, Graves of Louisiana, Huffman, Gaetz, Granger, and Visclosky. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D698) 
H.R. 1900, to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Museum. Signed on June 21, 2018. (Public Law 115–186) H.R. 2333, to amend the Small Business Invest-ment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment compa-nies. Signed on June 21, 2018. (Public Law 115–187) H.R. 2772, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements relating to the re-assignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees. Signed on June 21, 2018. (Public Law 115–188) H.R. 4743, to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration. Signed on June 21, 2018. (Public Law 115–189) H.R. 1397, to authorize, direct, facilitate, and ex-pedite the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land. Signed on June 22, 2018. (Pub-lic Law 115–190) H.R. 1719, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, for inclusion in the John Muir National Historic Site. Signed on June 22, 2018. (Public Law 115–191) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 10 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill making ap-propriations for the Department of Labor, Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Education, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 11 a.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Lieutenant General Stephen R. Lyons, USA, to be general and Commander, United States Transportation Command, Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine legislative proposals to increase access to capital, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Teri L. Donaldson, of Texas, to be Inspector General, Christopher Fall, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Science, Karen S. Evans, of West Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Cybersecurity, Energy Security and Emergency Re-sponse), and Daniel Simmons, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary (Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy), all of the Department of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine pre-scription drug affordability and innovation, focusing on addressing challenges in today’s market, 9:30 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Cooperation, to hold hearings to examine United States policy in Europe, 9:45 a.m., SD–419. Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 1158, to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international secu-rity, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises, S. 2463, to establish the United States International Development Finance Corporation, S. 2497, to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improvements to certain defense and security as-sistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, S. 2779, to amend the Zimbabwe Democ-racy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001, H.R. 3776, to support United States international cyber diplomacy, the nominations of Stephen Akard, of Indiana, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, with the rank of Am-bassador, Robin S. Bernstein, of Florida, to be Ambas-sador to the Dominican Republic, Kenneth S. George, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay, Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Korea, Joseph N. Mondello, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Trini-dad and Tobago, Georgette Mosbacher, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Poland, Tibor Peter Nagy, Jr., of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary (African Affairs), Gordon D. Sondland, of Washington, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Euro-pean Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador, Ronald Gidwitz, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Belgium, Cherith Norman Chalet, of New Jersey, to be Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN8.REC D25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD728 June 25, 2018 U.N. Management and Reform, and Brian A. Nichols, of Rhode Island, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe, all of the Department of State, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, 11:15 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 3029, to revise and extend the Prematurity Research Expansion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act), S. 1112, to support States in their work to save and sus-tain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and preg-nancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, S. 808, to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State, S. 3039, to provide funding for the de-velopment of a predictive analytics pilot program to help children and families who come to the attention of the child welfare system, an original bill to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act, and the nominations of Scott Stump, of Colorado, to be As-sistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Edu-cation, Department of Education, John Lowry III, of Illi-nois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Em-ployment and Training, and other pending nominations, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the Survivors’ Bill of Rights, focusing on implementation and next steps, 10 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hear-ings to examine protecting our elections, focusing on ex-amining shell companies and virtual currencies as avenues for foreign interference, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘The Shifting Geopolitics of Oil and Gas’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing on legislation on the National Telecommuni-cations and Information Administration Reauthorization Act of 2018, 1:15 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Government’s Approach to Lead-Based Paint and Mold Remediation in Public and Subsidized Housing’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘International and Domestic Im-plications of De-Risking’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, markup on Committee Resolution 115–19, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘United States Cap-itol Police: Operations and Workforce’’, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 938, of inquiry directing the Attorney General to provide certain documents in the Attorney General’s possession to the House of Representatives relating to the ongoing congressional investigation related to certain prosecutorial and investigatory decisions made by the De-partment of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation surrounding the 2016 election; and H. Res. 928, of in-quiry requesting the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the President’s use of the pardon power under article II, section 2 of the Constitution, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing on legislation on the Off-shore Renewable Energy for Territories Act; H.R. 5291, the ‘‘Offshore Wind Jobs and Opportunity Act’’; and leg-islation on the National OCS Renewable Energy Leasing Program Act, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on the Interior, Energy, and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Access to Public Lands: The Effects of Forest Service Road Closures’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, continue hearing on H.R. 200, the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act’’; and H.R. 6157, the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropria-tions Act, 2019’’ [Amendment Consideration], 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology; and Subcommittee on En-ergy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Artificial Intelligence—With Great Power Comes Great Responsibility’’, 10:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘Commercial Space Transportation Regulatory Reform: Stakeholder Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘VA Electronic Health Record Modernization: The Beginning of the Beginning’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Hiring and Retaining Veterans for the Modern Day Workforce’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of June 26 through June 29, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2, Agriculture and Nutrition Act, post cloture. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: June 26, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, business meeting to markup an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN8.REC D25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D729 June 25, 2018 original bill making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 10 a.m., SD–192. June 26, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Labor, De-partment of Health and Human Services, Department of Education, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, 11 a.m., SD–138. June 27, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hearings to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. June 28, Full Committee, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Labor, Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Education, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Armed Services: June 26, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Lieutenant General Stephen R. Lyons, USA, to be general and Commander, United States Transportation Command, Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: June 26, to hold hearings to examine legislative proposals to increase access to capital, 10 a.m., SD–538. June 28, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine legislative proposals to examine corporate governance, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: June 27, business meeting to consider S. 645, to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the effects of broadband deployment and adop-tion on the economy of the United States, S. 1092, to protect the right of law-abiding citizens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions, S. 1896, to amend section 8331 of title 5, United States Code, and the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act of 1938 to clarify the treatment of availability pay for Federal air marshals and criminal investigators of the Transportation Security Administration, S. 2941, to improve the Cooperative Observer Program of the Na-tional Weather Service, S. 3094, to restrict the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating from imple-menting any rule requiring the use of biometric readers for biometric transportation security cards until after sub-mission to Congress of the results of an assessment of the effectiveness of the transportation security card program, H.R. 4254, to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship op-portunities to women, H.R. 4467, to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strategies, H.R. 4559, to conduct a global aviation security review, and the nominations of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce, Heidi R. King, of California, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Department of Transpor-tation, Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission, and Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commis-sioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, 10 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: June 26, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Teri L. Donaldson, of Texas, to be Inspector General, Christopher Fall, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Science, Karen S. Evans, of West Virginia, to be an Assistant Sec-retary (Cybersecurity, Energy Security and Emergency Re-sponse), and Daniel Simmons, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary (Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy), all of the Department of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: June 26, to hold hearings to ex-amine prescription drug affordability and innovation, fo-cusing on addressing challenges in today’s market, 9:30 a.m., SD–215. June 28, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Charles P. Rettig, of California, to be Commissioner of Internal Revenue, Department of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: June 26, Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Cooperation, to hold hearings to examine United States policy in Europe, 9:45 a.m., SD–419. June 26, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 1158, to help prevent acts of genocide and other atroc-ity crimes, which threaten national and international se-curity, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises, S. 2463, to establish the United States International Development Finance Corporation, S. 2497, to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improvements to certain defense and security as-sistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, S. 2779, to amend the Zimbabwe Democ-racy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001, H.R. 3776, to support United States international cyber diplomacy, the nominations of Stephen Akard, of Indiana, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, with the rank of Am-bassador, Robin S. Bernstein, of Florida, to be Ambas-sador to the Dominican Republic, Kenneth S. George, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay, Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Korea, Joseph N. Mondello, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Trini-dad and Tobago, Georgette Mosbacher, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Poland, Tibor Peter Nagy, Jr., of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary (African Affairs), Gordon D. Sondland, of Washington, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Euro-pean Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador, Ronald Gidwitz, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Belgium, Cherith Norman Chalet, of New Jersey, to be Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN8.REC D25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD730 June 25, 2018 Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform, and Brian A. Nichols, of Rhode Island, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe, all of the Department of State, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, 11:15 a.m., S–116, Capitol. June 28, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Donald Lu, of California, to be Am-bassador to the Kyrgyz Republic, and Randy W. Berry, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal, both of the Department of State, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: June 26, business meeting to consider S. 3029, to revise and extend the Prematurity Research Expansion and Edu-cation for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act), S. 1112, to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during preg-nancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to elimi-nate disparities in maternal health outcomes for preg-nancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health out-comes for mothers, S. 808, to provide protections for cer-tain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State, S. 3039, to provide funding for the development of a predictive analytics pilot program to help children and families who come to the attention of the child welfare system, an original bill to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act, and the nominations of Scott Stump, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, Department of Education, John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training, and other pend-ing nominations, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. June 27, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine how to reduce health care costs, focusing on under-standing the cost of health care in America, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: June 27, to hold hearings to examine Medicaid fraud and overpayments, focusing on problems and solutions, 10 a.m., SD–342. June 27, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine FAST–41 and the Federal Permitting Improvement Steer-ing Council, focusing on progress to date and next steps, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. Committee on the Judiciary: June 26, to hold hearings to examine the Survivors’ Bill of Rights, focusing on imple-mentation and next steps, 10 a.m., SD–226. June 26, Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine protecting our elections, focus-ing on examining shell companies and virtual currencies as avenues for foreign interference, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. June 27, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the eligibility requirements for the Radiation Exposure Compensation Program to ensure all downwinders receive coverage, 10 a.m., SD–226. June 27, Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Pol-icy and Consumer Rights, to hold hearings to examine the competitive impact of the T-Mobile-Sprint trans-action, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. June 28, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2245, to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, S. 2823, to modernize copyright law, S. 2946, to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Elev-enth Circuit, David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Lance E. Walker, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine, and John D. Jordan, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Missouri, Nick Willard, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Hampshire, and Mark F. Sloke, to be United States Marshal for the South-ern District of Alabama, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: June 27, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. Select Committee on Intelligence: June 26, closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. June 27, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, June 28, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Army and Marine Corps Depot Policy Issues and Infrastructure Concerns’’, 8:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, June 27, Sub-committee on Health, markup on legislation on the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act of 2018; H.R. 959, the ‘‘Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1676, the ‘‘Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act’’; H.R. 3728, the ‘‘Educating Medical Professionals and Opti-mizing Workforce Efficiency Readiness Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 5385, the ‘‘Children’s Hospital GME Support Reau-thorization Act of 2018’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. June 27, Subcommittee on Environment, markup on H.R. 2278, the ‘‘Responsible Disposal Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2389, to reauthorize the West Valley demonstration project, and for other purposes, 11 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN8.REC D25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D731 June 25, 2018 Committee on Financial Services, June 27, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, June 27, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Crisis in the Republic of the Cameroon’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. June 28, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 256, ex-pressing support for the countries of Eastern Europe and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; H. Res. 944, ex-pressing solidarity with and sympathy for the people of Guatemala after the June 3, 2018, eruption of the Fuego Volcano; H.R. 1697, the ‘‘Israel Anti-Boycott Act’’; H.R. 4969, the ‘‘Improving Embassy Design and Security Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5576, the ‘‘Cyber Deterrence and Re-sponse Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5898, the ‘‘UNRWA Ac-countability Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6197, the ‘‘Rescuing Animals With Rewards Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6207, the ‘‘Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Ac-countability Act of 2018’’; and H. Con. Res. 20, express-ing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the execution-style murders of United States citizens Ylli, Agron, and Mehmet Bytyqi in the Republic of Serbia in July 1999, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, June 28, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorization of the Debbie Smith Act’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. June 28, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of FBI and DOJ Actions Surrounding the 2016 Election’’, 1 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, June 27, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5291, the ‘‘Offshore Wind Jobs and Opportunity Act’’; H.R. 5859, the ‘‘Education and Energy Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6087, the ‘‘Removing Bar-riers to Energy Independence Act’’; H.R. 6088, the ‘‘SPEED Act’’; and H.R. 6107, the ‘‘Ending Duplicative Permitting Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, June 27, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Ad-ministration’s Government-wide Reorganization Plan’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, June 27, Full Committee, markup on legislation on the National Quan-tum Initiative Act; legislation on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Reauthorization Act of 2018; and legislation on the American Space SAFE Man-agement Act, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. June 27, Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘Bolstering Data Privacy and Mobile Security: An Assess-ment of IMSI Catcher Threats’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, June 27, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘ZTE: A Threat to America’s Small Businesses’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, June 27, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 66, the ‘‘Route 66 Centennial Commission Act’’; legislation on the General Services Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolutions; H.R. 6194, the ‘‘REAL Reform Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5846, the ‘‘Promoting Flood Risk Miti-gation Act’’; H.R. 5772, to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’; H.R. 3460, to des-ignate the United States courthouse located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Carolina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Courthouse’’; H.R. 6175, the ‘‘Maritime Safety Act of 2018; legislation on the Coast Guard Blue Technology Center of Expertise Act; S. 756, the ‘‘Save Our Seas Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3906, the ‘‘Innovative Stormwater Infrastructure Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, June 27, Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 2787, the ‘‘VET MD Act’’; H.R. 3696, the ‘‘Wounded Warrior Workforce Enhance-ment Act’’; H.R. 5521, the ‘‘VA Hiring Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 5693, the ‘‘Long Term Care Veterans Choice Act’’; H.R. 5938, the ‘‘Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6066, to improve the productivity of the management of Department of Veterans Affairs health care; H.R. 5864, the ‘‘VA Hospitals Establishing Leader-ship Performance Act’’; and H.R. 5974, the ‘‘VA COST SAVINGS Enhancement Act’’, 3 p.m., 334 Cannon. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, June 28, Full Committee, markup on legislation on the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: June 27, to hold hearings to examine the need for United States leadership on digital trade, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25JN8.REC D25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD732 June 25, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2, Agriculture and Nutrition Act, post cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 200— Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexi-bility in Fisheries Management Act (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 2083—Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Pre-dation Prevention Act (Subject to a Rule). Begin consid-eration of H.R. 6157—Department of Defense Appro-priations Act, 2019 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E908 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E906 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E911 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E910 Costa, Jim, Calif., E909, E911 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E910 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E905, E906 Delaney, John K., Md., E909 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E906 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E907 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E911 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E909 Graves, Garret, La., E906 Keating, William R., Mass., E905 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E908 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E911 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E910 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E905, E909 Nunes, Devin, Calif., E907 Poliquin, Bruce, Me., E905, E910 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E909 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E911 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E908 Rutherford, John H., Fla., E906 Sanford, Mark, S.C., E909 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E906 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E912 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D25JN8.REC D25JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST