Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6591 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 23, 2018 No. 123 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mrs. L
ESKO ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, July 23, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
EBBIE  L
ESKO to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair would now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at noon), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O God, for giv-ing us another day. As we anticipate the 20th anniver-sary of that terrible day, we ask Your blessing once again upon the families of Officer Jacob Chestnut and Detec-tive John Gibson, who laid down their lives in defending the safety of the U.S. Capitol. We ask as well Your protec-tion for the entire Capitol Police force, who mourns the loss of their brothers in uniform. Thank You for calling them all to their lives of service. Please hear our prayers for the Mem-bers of this assembly, upon whom the authority of government is given. Help them to understand the tremendous re-sponsibility they have to represent both their constituencies and the peo-ple of this great Nation of ours. Give each Member peace and equa-nimity, and give all Americans gen-erosity of heart, to understand that governance is not simple but difficult work, at times requiring sacrifice and forbearance. May all that is done within the peo-ple’s House this day be for Your great-er honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BILIRAKIS led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
BUILDING CODES (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, as we enter the hurricane season, I would like to recognize those within the building and code enforcement commu-nity for the work they do to maintain the resilience of our homes and com-mercial buildings. The International Code Council has established a building safety campaign that is recognized annually by jurisdic-tions across the Nation. Its purpose is to reinforce the need for the adoption of modern building codes; a strong sys-tem of code compliance; and a well- trained, professional workforce to pro-vide public safety. In the 10 years since Florida adopted the statewide building code under Gov-ernor Bush—I was in the legislature at the time; he showed great leadership— the code’s adoption and application re-duced windstorm actual losses by as much as 72 percent. Year after year, we see the type of devastation that Mother Nature can bring, and it is important we are doing all that we can to minimize its dam-age. f 
CONGRATULATING HERMAN BELL (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an exceptional member of the Air Force on his retirement from government service: Mr. Herman Bell. Herman will retire this week as the chief of public affairs of Tyndall Air Force Base, capping a career of more than 46 years of government service. Herman enlisted in the Air Force in 1972 and retired as a master sergeant in 1993. He has served in the 325th Fighter Wing Public Affairs Office since that time. His keen leadership over the last 25 years at Tyndall and the many years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.000 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6592 July 23, 2018 
before that on Active Duty is a testa-ment to the core values instilled in all those who serve in our Air Force. Mr. Speaker, please join me in saying thank you to Herman Bell and to his family for their years of service and sacrifice, and wish them luck as they move on to a new chapter in life. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 19, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on July 19, 2018, at 5:38 p.m.: Appointment: Creating Options for Veterans’ Expedited Recovery (COVER Commission). Commission on Social Impact Partner-ships. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 20, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed envelope received from the White House on July 20, 2018 at 12:25 p.m., said to contain a message from the President regarding the continuation of the national emergency with respect to transnational criminal organiza-tions. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, R
OBERT F. R EEVES , Deputy Clerk of the House. f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL OR-GANIZATIONS—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–142) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to sig-nificant transnational criminal organi-zations declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011, is to continue in effect beyond July 24, 2018. The activities of significant transnational criminal organizations have reached such scope and gravity that they threaten the stability of international political and economic systems. Such organizations are in-creasingly sophisticated and dangerous to the United States; they are increas-ingly entrenched in the operations of foreign governments and the inter-national financial system, thereby weakening democratic institutions, de-grading the rule of law, and under-mining economic markets. These orga-nizations facilitate and aggravate vio-lent civil conflicts and increasingly fa-cilitate the activities of other dan-gerous persons. The activities of significant transnational criminal organizations continue to pose an unusual and ex-traordinary threat to the national se-curity, foreign policy, and economy of the United States. Therefore, I have de-termined that it is necessary to con-tinue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13581 with respect to transnational criminal organiza-tions. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , July 20, 2018. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
NATIONAL SUICIDE HOTLINE IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2345) to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easy-to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline sys-tem, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2345 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Fed-eral Communications Commission; (2) the term ‘‘covered dialing code’’ means a simple, easy-to-remember, 3-digit dialing code; and (3) the term ‘‘N11 dialing code’’ means an abbreviated dialing code consisting of 3 dig-its, of which— (A) the first digit may be any digit other than ‘‘1’’ or ‘‘0’’; and (B) each of the last 2 digits is ‘‘1’’. 
SEC. 3. STUDIES AND REPORTS. 
(a) P RIMARY STUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission, in co-ordination with the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall conduct a study that— (A) examines the feasibility of designating an N11 dialing code or other covered dialing code to be used for a national suicide preven-tion and mental health crisis hotline system; and (B) analyzes the effectiveness of the Na-tional Suicide Prevention Lifeline as of the date on which the study is initiated, includ-ing how well the lifeline is working to ad-dress the needs of veterans. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (A) C
OMMISSION .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Commission shall— (i) consider— (I) each of the N11 dialing codes, including the codes that are used for other purposes; and (II) other covered dialing codes; (ii) consult with the North American Num-bering Council; and (iii) review the information provided by the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs under subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively, of this paragraph. (B) SAMHSA 
STUDY AND REPORT TO ASSIST  
COMMISSION .—To assist the Commission in conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use shall analyze and, not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, report to the Commission on— (i) the potential impact of the designation of an N11 dialing code, or other covered dial-ing code, for a suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system on— (I) suicide prevention; (II) crisis services; and (III) other suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotlines, including— (aa) the National Suicide Prevention Life-line; and (bb) the Veterans Crisis Line; and (ii) possible recommendations for improv-ing the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline generally, which may include— (I) increased public education and aware-ness; and (II) improved infrastructure and oper-ations. (C) VA 
STUDY AND REPORT TO ASSIST COM -
MISSION .—To assist the Commission in con-ducting the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall study and, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, report to the Com-mission on how well the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and the Veterans Crisis Line, as in effect on the date on which the study is initiated, is working to address the needs of veterans. (b) P
RIMARY COMMISSION REPORT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.004 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6593 July 23, 2018 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall submit a report on the study conducted under subsection (a) that recommends whether a particular N11 dialing code or other covered dialing code should be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system to— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; and (E) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) A
DDITIONAL CONTENTS .—If the report submitted by the Commission under para-graph (1) recommends that a dialing code should be used, the report shall also— (A) outline the logistics of designating such a dialing code; (B) estimate the costs associated with des-ignating such a dialing code, including— (i) the costs incurred by service providers, including— (I) translation changes in the network; and (II) cell site analysis and reprogramming by wireless carriers; and (ii) the costs incurred by States and local-ities; (C) provide recommendations for desig-nating such a dialing code; (D) provide a cost-benefit analysis com-paring the recommended dialing code with the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, as in effect on the date on which the report is submitted; and (E) make other recommendations, as ap-propriate, for improving the National Sui-cide Prevention Lifeline generally, which may include— (i) increased public education and aware-ness; and (ii) improved infrastructure and oper-ations. 
SEC. 4. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) and the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hot-line Improvement Act of 2018. This critical legislation seeks to designate a new, easy-to-remember, three-digit di-aling code for a national suicide pre-vention hotline. We all know by heart to dial 911 dur-ing an emergency, and we have faith and confidence that somebody who can help will be on the line. It shouldn’t be any different for someone in a mental health crisis. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, suicide is on the rise across the country. Sadly, more than half of those who die by sui-cide do not have a known mental health condition. We also want to make note of the number of servicemembers and vet-erans in need of prevention services. We will work with our minority on this study to review how these patriots can seek help, whether stateside or over-seas. You never truly know what battles an individual is fighting, and that is why a national three-digit suicide hot-line could help make the difference be-tween life and death. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to ad-vancing this potentially lifesaving leg-islation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hotline Im-provement Act. Suicide is now the tenth leading cause for death in adults aged 18 to 64, and, for every suicide, there are 25 at-tempts. Earlier this year, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that suicide rates increased by 28 percent between 1999 and 2016. Mr. Speaker, 49 States experienced an in-crease in suicide rates during that pe-riod. As my colleague said, we also know that the risk is significantly higher for veterans. Veteran men are at a 19 per-cent higher risk, and veteran women are at a 21⁄2times higher risk than non-veteran women. These statistics point to a problem that is all too real and, sadly, all too common. That fact was evident last month when, unfortunately, both Kate Spade and Anthony Bourdain, both very successful in their careers, took their own lives. It is heartbreaking when someone is suffering so much that they choose to end their own life. Unfortunately, I know it in my own family, when people are afraid to reach out. The National Suicide Prevention Hotline Improvement Act before us today would make it easier for people wanting to connect with someone through that hotline. The bill would set up a process to give Americans an easy-to-remember, three-digit code, like 911, to call when they or their loved one are in crisis, rather than the current 10-digit number. The bill would also require the Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Serv-ices Administration to study the effec-tiveness of the National Suicide Pre-vention Lifeline, currently known as 1– 800–273–TALK, and the Department of Veterans Affairs would be required to study the effectiveness of the Veterans Crisis Line. The Senate has passed a companion bill by unanimous consent. H.R. 2345 is a bipartisan, commonsense bill, and I want to thank the authors, Congress-man CHRIS STEWART of Utah and Con-gresswoman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, for the very hard work and lead-ership they put into this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it today, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my friends from New Jer-sey and Michigan for their help on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin with a startling statistic. Every 9 min-utes, someone in the United States at-tempts suicide or is successful, and for every suicide-related death, there are 25 attempts. These are truly heart-breaking statistics. Sadly, they hit close to home in Utah, which ranks fifth for the highest suicide deaths in the U.S. One example is Madison Radtke, a charitable and loving young lady who unexpectedly took her own life. I have gotten to know Madison’s family, and it has been an honor to do so. Madison is remembered for her kindness to oth-ers and for her ability to see the good in each person. Here is something that is startling and should be terrifying to those of us who are parents: Madison didn’t show any sign of suicidal thoughts. To oth-ers around her, she seemed to be mak-ing the most of the prime of her life. This is a sad reminder that suicide can strike anywhere. These are our neighbors, our coworkers, our friends, our family members. I believe that we have the power and we have the respon-sibility to reach out and to help them. Yes, there are many tools available for people who are struggling with mental illness or thoughts of suicide, but, tragically, some of these resources are simply too difficult to find in a time of urgent need. b1415 The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline dialing number is cumbersome and is very hard to remember, and most people have never even heard of it. Additionally, in Utah and many other States, there are various other entities that provide service, but there is not one consolidated number for peo-ple to call. After the recent passing, as has been mentioned, of Kate Spade and Anthony Bourdain, calls to the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline jumped 25 percent. While the hotline number has increased access, I know we can do better, and that is the purpose of this bill. This is where Congress can help. I introduced the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act to stream-line and to provide easy access to po-tentially lifesaving resources by desig-nating a new and very simple national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.004 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6594 July 23, 2018 
three-digit dialing number, very simi-lar to 911, for national suicide preven-tion and mental health crisis. The study will also examine the over-all effectiveness of the current Na-tional Suicide Prevention Lifeline and Veterans Crisis Line for individuals both here and abroad and their access to that. Ultimately, the report will rec-ommend ways to improve the existing system. I recognize this legislation alone is not a panacea. It is not going to solve every problem. There is much more that we can do and we must do, and some of the solutions will require a multifaceted approach; but it is an im-portant step and one that has the po-tential to avert tragedy, such as the loss of Madison, and to save many lives. For those of us who have seen first-hand and been impacted by the tragedy of suicide or attempted suicide, it is simply time for us to act. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), the co-sponsor of this legislation. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act, and I want to thank Mr. S
TEWART and the com-mittee leaders for the hard work in presenting this on the floor today. This bipartisan legislation asks the Federal Communications Commission and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration to study the designation of a three-digit dialing code similar to 911. Even 3- year-olds can remember 911. When a family is in crisis, an 800 number some-times is difficult to remember. The suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system makes it all American because we are faced with these kinds of incidences many times every day. The bill also requires them to perform a cost-and-benefit service analysis of using a three-digit dialing code for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline sys-tem and examine the overall effective-ness of the current National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and Veterans Crisis Line and recommend ways to improve the current system. Each year, 45,000 Americans take their own life, an average of 123 com-pleted suicides every day, and an addi-tional 1 million-plus Americans at-tempt suicide each year. While there are many resources for individuals ex-periencing a mental health crisis, it can be difficult to find these resources during this extreme time of need. The current National Suicide Preven-tion Lifeline has increased access, but the dialing code can be cumbersome to remember, 1–800–273–TALK. Just try to remember dialing that many digits. Unfortunately, in many States where there are numerous entities providing services, there is not always one con-solidated number to call. The National Suicide Prevention Hotline Improve-ment Act is an important step to achieve that end. This legislation will build upon the success of the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline to increase access to lifesaving services while eval-uating new and innovative ways to im-prove the current system. It is critical that we move quickly on this bill so that we can begin saving more lives each day. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, this is im-portant legislation. It is completely bi-partisan in nature. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILI-
RAKIS ), a distinguished member of the House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate Mr. Vice Chairman. Mr. Speaker, we have all heard the upsetting statistic of 21 veterans com-mitting suicide each and every day. It is unacceptable. This is a crisis for our veterans, their families, the future of our current servicemembers, and our country. As vice chairman of the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, I have worked to make it a better and healthier life for our true American heroes. That is why I am proud to support H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act. When a veteran is in crisis, they need immediate assistance from the Vet-erans Crisis Hotline. Unfortunately, the current suicide hotline number can be difficult to remember during a time of need and can add minutes to getting help or, even worse, discourage vet-erans from accessing this important service. H.R. 2345 would study the feasibility and need of a three-digit dialing code, similar to 911, for the suicide hotline. The bill also studies the effectiveness of the hotline for our Nation’s vet-erans. This study is an important step in recognizing suicidal thoughts as an emergency, providing those in need the most reliable tools to get help, and continuing to improve a hotline that has already saved countless lives, in-cluding many veterans. For these reasons, I am proud to co-sponsor H.R. 2345 and support its pas-sage. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers. So I would like to say that perhaps, today, this House can act together and save a life, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2345. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that this bipartisan piece of legislation has reached the floor of the House. I hope and trust that it will be voted on in an overwhelmingly bipar-tisan fashion, and I commend the spon-sors, a Republican and a Democrat, for working together on this needed legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2345, the ‘‘National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act,’’ which provides re-sources to improve suicide hotlines in the United States. Mr. Speaker, it is critical that we address the public heath crisis of suicide in the United States. Suicide is the 10th leading cause of death in the United States—each year, 44,965 Americans die by suicide, more than half by firearm. On average, 123 Americans commit suicide each day. The 2016 annual age-adjusted suicide rate in my state of Texas was 12.57 per 100,000 individuals, which was similar to the national average for that year. However, there has been a steady increase in suicides in the decade since 2007, when the suicide rate was 10.48 per 100,000. Suicides in Texas have increased by 23 percent over the past 15 years. The steady increase coincides with new data that names suicide as the second leading cause of death among people ages 10–34 in America. Even more alarming are rates of suicide among our veterans—those who have given the ultimate sacrifice and deserve protection tantamount to their service. According to a Veterans Affairs study re-leased last year, risk for suicide was 22 per-cent higher among veterans when compared to U.S. non-veteran adults. After adjusting for differences in age, risk for suicide was 19 percent higher among male veterans when compared to U.S. non-veteran adult men. After adjusting for differences in age, risk for suicide was 2.5 times higher among female veterans when compared to U.S. non-veteran adult women. But the victims of suicide are more than mere statistics. They are our parents, children, siblings, and loved ones. They are our co-workers, our peers, and our servicemen and women. They deserve more. There are many organizations and individ-uals working tirelessly to ensure all of our fel-low citizens receive the aid they need. I commend the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, a network of 161 crisis centers that provides a 24/7, toll-free hotline available to anyone in suicidal crisis or emotional distress. There are five such centers in Texas, in-cluding one in my home city of Houston. The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline re-ports that it experienced an increase of 100 percent in calls between 2014 and 2017, re-vealing just how prevalent suicide has be-come. The helpline answered more than 2 million calls in 2017, up from approximately one mil-lion calls in 2014. In 2015 and 2016, the helpline answered more than 1.5 million calls each year. Those on the front lines of the suicide pre-vention efforts deserve more help. H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hotline Im-provement Act, would require the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to coordi-nate with the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration and consult with the Department of Veterans Affairs for suicide prevention efforts. The Act would lead to the examination of the feasibility of designating a three-digit dial-ing code for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.009 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6595 July 23, 2018 
Further, the Act directs the FCC to study and report to Congress on the effectiveness of the current National Suicide Prevention Life-line, including how well it addresses the needs of veterans. Mr. Speaker, our citizens and our suicide prevention centers deserve decisive action against suicide. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 2345 to reduce the incidence of suicides in America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2345, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PRECISION AGRICULTURE CONNECTIVITY ACT OF 2018 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4881) to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to establish a task force for meeting the connectivity and technology needs of precision agri-culture in the United States, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4881 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Precision agriculture technologies and practices allow farmers to significantly in-crease crop yields, eliminate overlap in oper-ations, and reduce inputs such as seed, fer-tilizer, pesticides, water, and fuel. (2) These technologies allow farmers to collect data in real time about their fields, automate field management, and maximize resources. (3) Studies estimate that precision agri-culture technologies can reduce agricultural operation costs by up to 25 dollars per acre and increase farm yields by up to 70 percent by 2050. (4) The critical cost savings and produc-tivity benefits of precision agriculture can-not be realized without the availability of re-liable broadband Internet access service de-livered to the agricultural land of the United States. (5) The deployment of broadband Internet access service to unserved agricultural land is critical to the United States economy and to the continued leadership of the United States in global food production. (6) Despite the growing demand for broadband Internet access service on agricul-tural land, broadband Internet access service is not consistently available where needed for agricultural operations. (7) The Federal Communications Commis-sion has an important role to play in the de-ployment of broadband Internet access serv-ice on unserved agricultural land to promote precision agriculture. SEC. 3. TASK FORCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘broadband Internet access service’’— (A) means a mass-market retail service by wire or radio that provides the capability to transmit data to and receive data from all or substantially all Internet endpoints, includ-ing any capabilities that are incidental to and enable the operation of the communica-tions service, but excluding dial-up Internet access service; and (B) also encompasses any service that the Commission finds to be providing a func-tional equivalent of the service described in subparagraph (A); (2) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Fed-eral Communications Commission; (3) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Agriculture; (4) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Agriculture; and (5) the term ‘‘Task Force’’ means the Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Technology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States established under sub-section (b). (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall establish the Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Tech-nology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States. (c) D
UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Task Force shall con-sult with the Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, and collaborate with public and private stakeholders in the agriculture and technology fields to— (A) identify and measure current gaps in the availability of broadband Internet access service on agricultural land; (B) develop policy recommendations to promote the rapid, expanded deployment of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land, with a goal of achieving reliable capabilities on 95 percent of agricultural land in the United States by 2025; (C) promote effective policy and regulatory solutions that encourage the adoption of broadband Internet access service on farms and ranches and promote precision agri-culture; (D) recommend specific new rules or amendments to existing rules of the Com-mission that the Commission should issue to achieve the goals and purposes of the policy recommendations described in subparagraph (B); (E) recommend specific steps that the Commission should take to obtain reliable and standardized data measurements of the availability of broadband Internet access service as may be necessary to target fund-ing support, from future programs of the Commission dedicated to the deployment of broadband Internet access service, to unserved agricultural land in need of broadband Internet access service; and (F) recommend specific steps that the Commission should consider to ensure that the expertise of the Secretary and available farm data are reflected in future programs of the Commission dedicated to the infrastruc-ture deployment of broadband Internet ac-cess service and to direct available funding to unserved agricultural land where needed. (2) N
O DUPLICATE DATA REPORTING .—In per- forming the duties of the Commission under paragraph (1), the Commission shall ensure that no provider of broadband Internet ac-cess service is required to report data to the Commission that is, on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, required to be reported by the provider of broadband Inter-net access service. (3) HOLD HARMLESS .—The Task Force and the Commission shall not interpret the phrase ‘‘future programs of the Commis-sion’’, as used in subparagraphs (E) and (F) of paragraph (1), to include the universal service programs of the Commission estab-lished under section 254 of the Communica-tions Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254). (4) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, shall explain and make available to the Task Force the exper-tise, data mapping information, and re-sources of the Department that the Depart-ment uses to identify cropland, ranchland, and other areas with agricultural operations that may be helpful in developing the rec-ommendations required under paragraph (1). (5) L
IST OF AVAILABLE FEDERAL PROGRAMS  
AND RESOURCES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Commission shall jointly submit to the Task Force a list of all Federal programs or resources available for the ex-pansion of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land to assist the Task Force in carrying out the duties of the Task Force. (d) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Task Force shall be— (A) composed of not more than 15 voting members who shall— (i) be selected by the Chairman of the Com-mission, in consultation with the Secretary; and (ii) include— (I) agricultural producers representing di-verse geographic regions and farm sizes, in-cluding owners and operators of farms of less than 100 acres; (II) an agricultural producer representing tribal agriculture; (III) Internet service providers, including regional or rural fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service providers and tele-communications infrastructure providers; (IV) representatives from the electric coop-erative industry; (V) representatives from the satellite in-dustry; (VI) representatives from precision agri-culture equipment manufacturers, including drone manufacturers, manufacturers of au-tonomous agricultural machinery, and man-ufacturers of farming robotics technologies; (VII) representatives from State and local governments; and (VIII) representatives with relevant exper-tise in broadband network data collection, geospatial analysis, and coverage mapping; and (B) fairly balanced in terms of tech-nologies, points of view, and fields rep-resented on the Task Force. (2) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A member of the Task Force appointed under paragraph (1)(A) shall serve for a single term of 2 years. (B) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Task Force— (i) shall not affect the powers of the Task Force; and (ii) shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (3) E
X-OFFICIO MEMBER .—The Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, shall serve as an ex-officio, nonvoting member of the Task Force. (e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Commission estab-lishes the Task Force, and annually there-after, the Task Force shall submit to the Chairman of the Commission a report, which shall be made public not later than 30 days 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.016 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6596 July 23, 2018 
after the date on which the Chairman re-ceives the report, that details— (1) the status of fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service coverage of agricultural land; (2) the projected future connectivity needs of agricultural operations, farmers, and ranchers; and (3) the steps being taken to accurately measure the availability of broadband Inter-net access service on agricultural land and the limitations of current, as of the date of the report, measurement processes. (f) T
ERMINATION .—The Commission shall renew the Task Force every 2 years until the Task Force terminates on January 1, 2025. 
SEC. 4. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) and the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud, today, to rise in support of H.R. 4881, authored by my colleagues, Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection Sub-committee Chairman B
OBLATTA and Congressman D
AVELOEBSACK . New and exciting technologies are improving efficiency in nearly every sector of our economy. Rural America should not be left behind. The bill before us today focuses on the broadband needs of rural econo-mies, our farmers and ranchers, to help take advantage of precision agriculture with improved internet access, GPS, and emerging technologies. Cutting-edge innovation like the Internet of Things, drones, and self- driving machines can assist in moni-toring crops, reading soil, and more. Precision agriculture connects rural communities to the 21st century econ-omy. This bill is a prime example of how the Energy and Commerce Committee is leading the way to close the digital divide. I thank Mr. L
ATTA and Mr. L
OEBSACK for their good work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 4881, the Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018. Access to broadband internet service is essential for participating in modern American life for both individuals and businesses. Farmers are no different. For them, a reliable, high-speed inter-net connection has become a necessity for managing their businesses effi-ciently. Farmers use it to collect realtime data on crops, buy equipment, verify weather forecasts, and check grain and feed prices. Studies estimate that the use of broadband in precision agriculture can increase crop yields by 70 percent by the year 2050 and significantly reduce operation costs. Yet many people liv-ing in this country still do not have re-liable high-speed internet service. The Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018 would help fa-cilitate the deployment of broadband to agricultural land by establishing a task force, led by the Federal Commu-nication Commission in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture. The task force will identify and measure gaps in the availability of broadband on agricultural lands. It will also develop policy rec-ommendations to promote the rapid ex-panded deployment of broadband on unserved agricultural lands and pro-mote effective policy and regulatory solutions to encourage the adoption of broadband on farms and ranches. Moreover, the task force will rec-ommend specific steps that the FCC should take to obtain reliable and standardized data on the availability of broadband and make sure that such data is reflected in future FCC broadband infrastructure programs. H.R. 4881 is a bipartisan, common-sense bill, and I want to thank the au-thors, Mr. LOEBSACK and Mr. L ATTA , for the very hard work they have put into this measure. I urge my colleagues to support it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ), the sponsor of the legisla-tion and the distinguished chairman of the Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection Subcommittee. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4881, the Precision Ag-riculture Connectivity Act, as amend-ed, to help improve high-speed broadband access for our Nation’s farmers. I represent the largest farm income- producing district in the State of Ohio; therefore, I am fortunate to visit farms across the region and learn about new technologies, like the Internet of Things equipment, that are helping to improve farm productivity and sustain-ability. But the unfortunate reality is that lack of high-speed broadband in rural areas, specifically in farm commu-nities, hinders the use of advanced technologies in agriculture operations. That is why I introduced H.R. 4881, along with my friend, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ). Our bill would require the Federal Communications Commission to estab-lish a task force, in collaboration with the Department of Agriculture, to re-view the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States. I believe by combining minds from these two expert agencies, along with relevant private stakeholders, the task force will be able to offer tangible solu-tions that will promote rapid, expanded deployment of broadband in unserved areas, creating a pathway for precision agriculture in our rural farmlands. b1430 The true benefits of precision agri-culture cannot be realized without the availability of reliable broadband internet access service. For example, with broadband, farmers can use con-nected tractors and other advanced technologies to collect field data in realtime to help with crop manage-ment. This type of technology helps farmers maximize resources, which can reduce costs and increase crop yields by up to 70 percent by 2050, helping to maintain America’s long-term leader-ship in global food production. Two farming seasons ago, I drove a tractor with GPS capabilities. My mom was raised on a farm in northwest Ohio, and, early on, my grandfather still used a team of horses. My grand-father would be amazed at how straight the furrows I made that day were, thanks to the connected tractor. I never touched the steering wheel. Be-cause of broadband, the connected trac-tor was able to go down an entire row, without human control, and place fer-tilizer in furrows within one inch of where those seeds would be planted in the spring. It is technology like this that helps farmers maximize resources and promote environmentally sustain-able practices. My bill will encourage this type of technology by bringing much-needed broadband to rural, agricultural areas. Not only do I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4881, but I would also like to quote the support of FCC Commis-sioner Carr. He said: In my time on the Commission, I have seen firsthand the difference that broadband connectivity makes for America’s farmers and ranchers. 
He goes on to say: 
. . . running agriculture operations today re-quires expertise in agronomy, technology, and data analytics. Bringing all of those skills together to improve crop yields and ef-ficiency increasingly requires a high-speed broadband connection. So I am pleased to see this bill move forward and hope that it be-comes law. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his handling of the bill today, and I urge support of the bill. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I hope that everyone supports this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.006 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6597 July 23, 2018 
LANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4881, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PREVENTING ILLEGAL RADIO ABUSE THROUGH ENFORCEMENT ACT Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5709) to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to provide for en-hanced penalties for pirate radio, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5709 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Illegal Radio Abuse Through Enforcement Act’’ or the ‘‘PIRATE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PIRATE RADIO ENFORCEMENT ENHANCE-MENTS. 
Title V of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 501 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 511. ENHANCED PENALTIES FOR PIRATE RADIO BROADCASTING; ENFORCE-MENT SWEEPS; REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) I NCREASED GENERAL PENALTY .—Any person who willfully and knowingly does or causes or suffers to be done any pirate radio broadcasting shall be subject to a fine of not more than $2,000,000. ‘‘(b) V
IOLATION OF THISACT, RULES , OR R
EGULATIONS .—Any person who willfully and knowingly violates this Act or any rule, reg-ulation, restriction, or condition made or imposed by the Commission under authority of this Act, or any rule, regulation, restric-tion, or condition made or imposed by any international radio or wire communications treaty or convention, or regulations annexed thereto, to which the United States is or may hereafter become party, relating to pi-rate radio broadcasting shall, in addition to any other penalties provided by law, be sub-ject to a fine of not more than $100,000 for each day during which such offense occurs, in accordance with the limit described in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) F
ACILITATION .—Any person who know-ingly and intentionally facilitates pirate radio broadcasting shall be subject to a fine of not more than $2,000,000. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of the PI-RATE Act, and annually thereafter, the Commission shall submit to the House Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce and the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation a report summarizing the implementation of this section and asso-ciated enforcement activities for the pre-vious fiscal year, which may include the ef-forts by the Commission to enlist the co-operation of Federal, State, and local law en-forcement personnel (including United States Attorneys and the United States Mar-shals Service) for service of process, collec-tion of fines or forfeitures, seizures of equip-ment, and enforcement of orders. ‘‘(e) ENFORCEMENT SWEEPS .— ‘‘(1) A
NNUAL SWEEPS .—Not less than once each year, the Commission shall assign ap-propriate enforcement personnel to focus specific and sustained attention on the elimination of pirate radio broadcasting within the top five radio markets identified as prevalent for such broadcasts. Such effort shall include identifying, locating, and tak-ing enforcement actions designed to termi-nate such operations. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL MONITORING .—Within six months after conducting the enforcement sweeps required by paragraph (1), the Com-mission shall conduct monitoring sweeps to ascertain whether the pirate radio broad-casting identified by enforcement sweeps is continuing to broadcast and whether addi-tional pirate radio broadcasting is occurring. ‘‘(3) N
O EFFECT ON REMAINING ENFORCE -
MENT .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the Commission shall not decrease or diminish the regular enforcement efforts targeted to pirate radio broadcast stations for other times of the year. ‘‘(f) S
TATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT AU-
THORITY .—The Commission may not preempt any State or local law prohibiting pirate radio broadcasting. ‘‘(g) R
EVISION OF COMMISSION RULES RE-
QUIRED .—The Commission shall revise its rules to require that, absent good cause, in any case alleging a violation of subsection (a) or (b), the Commission shall proceed di-rectly to issue a ‘Notice of Apparent Liabil-ity’ without first issuing a ‘Notice of Unli-censed Operations’. ‘‘(h) P
IRATE RADIO BROADCASTING DATA-
BASE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, and semi-annually thereafter, the Com-mission shall publish a database in a clear and legible format of all licensed radio sta-tions operating in the AM and FM bands. The database shall be easily accessible from the Commission home page through a direct link. The database shall include the fol-lowing information: ‘‘(A) Each licensed station, listed by the assigned frequency, channel number, or Com-mission call letters. ‘‘(B) All entities that have received a No-tice of Unlicensed Operation, Notice of Ap-parent Liability, or Forfeiture Order by the Commission. ‘‘(2) C
LEAR IDENTIFICATION .—The Commis-sion shall clearly identify in the database— ‘‘(A) each licensed station as a station li-censed by the Commission; and ‘‘(B) each entity described in paragraph (1)(B) as operating without a Commission li-cense or authorization. ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) P
IRATE RADIO BROADCASTING .—The term ‘pirate radio broadcasting’ means the transmission of communications on spec-trum frequencies between 535 to 1705 kHz or 87.7 to 108 MHz without a license issued by the Federal Communications Commission, but does not include unlicensed operations in compliance with part 15 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(2) F
ACILITATES .—The term ‘facilitates’ means providing access to property (and im-provements thereon) or providing physical goods or services, including providing hous-ing, facilities, or financing, that directly aid pirate radio broadcasting. ‘‘(3) K
NOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY .—The term ‘knowingly and intentionally’ means the person was previously served by the Commission with a notice of unlicensed op-erations, notice of apparent liability, or cita-tion for efforts to facilitate pirate radio broadcasting.’’. SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act or the amendment made by this Act. This Act and the amendment made by this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise author-ized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) and the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume because, in my judg-ment, this is an important bill that we should all support. The Preventing Illegal Radio Abuse Through Enforcement Act, or PIRATE Act, combats the very serious issue of unlawful broadcasting, often called ‘‘pirate radio,’’ and gives the Federal Communications Commission addi-tional powers to issue fines on any per-son who willfully and knowingly broad-casts radio transmissions over AM or FM frequencies without a license from the Federal Communications Commis-sion. I thank my colleague, Congressman T
ONKO of New York, for joining me in offering this bipartisan legislation. New Jersey, where I live, has one of the largest concentrations of pirate radio operators in the country. Pirate radio signals have been found to inter-fere with the emergency alert system and Federal Aviation Administration operations, causing significant harm to public safety. They also disrupt the business of licensed broadcasters who comply with the multitude of FCC reg-ulations. Minority-owned broadcasters are disproportionately harmed by pi-rate radio operators in urban areas. Knocking down pirate radio broad-casts prevents these bad actors from interfering with the licensed broad-casters public safety officials rely on to transmit communications during times of emergency. These unlawful broadcasts are interfering with the news and information programming people count on and needlessly clog-ging the information highway at im-portant times. It is time to take these pirates off the air by hiking the penalties and working with the Federal Communica-tions Commission on enforcement. Chairman Pai and Commissioner O’Rielly have been able partners in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.013 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6598 July 23, 2018 
making sure these broadcasts are stopped. This bill will give the FCC even more tools to take down these il-legal broadcasts. This act increases fines tenfold for il-legal pirate operations to $100,000 in an effort to boost the deterrent against these broadcasts. The bill further holds those who fa-cilitate pirate operations liable, while also streamlining the enforcement process. It also takes a further step in instituting enforcement sweeps by re-quiring the FCC to conduct biannual enforcement sweeps in the top five radio markets with significant illegal pirate operations, which would include the New Jersey and major New York media market. I commend Chairman Pai for his leadership on this issue. Since 2017, the FCC has significantly cracked down on this illegal activity, and this bill will ensure future commissions continue this rigorous enforcement, helping to ensure that these illegal operators stay off the air. The issue of pirate radio operators is a more pressing public issue than it seems. We have to clean up the air-waves to make way for public safety announcements, Federal Aviation Ad-ministration conversations, and other important information. Radio fre-quencies are not toys for unlicensed broadcasters. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 5709, the Preventing Illegal Radio Abuse Through Enforcement Act, oth-erwise known as the PIRATE Act. Unauthorized radio operators, called pirate broadcasters, are a growing threat to the public airwaves. Not only do they cause an annoyance by inter-fering with news and entertainment programs of legitimate broadcasters, but they pose a serious risk in time of emergencies by preventing the public from hearing critical public safety alerts and messages. And they put their own listeners at risk because they are not equipped to carry these messages. They may also interfere with the communication channels of important agencies like the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration. The FCC has stepped up its enforce-ment against pirate broadcasters, but we can do more. The bill before us today increases the fines that can be levied against pirate broadcasters from $10,000 per day, currently, to $100,000 per day. It also sets a maximum pen-alty of $2 million for pirate broad-casters and those that knowingly and intentionally facilitate pirate broad-casters. The bill also ensures that the FCC continues its sustained enforcement ef-forts on pirate broadcasters, while bal-ancing the other important missions of the enforcement bureau and its field staff. State and local prosecutors can be partners in this effort. The bill ensures that laws prohibiting pirate broad-casters enacted by States and cities are not preempted. H.R. 5709 is a bipartisan, common-sense bill. And, yes, I agree with my colleague here about what a good bill this is. I thank the authors, Mr. L
ANCE  and Mr. T
ONKO , for the very hard work they put into this measure, and I urge my colleagues to support it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, as members of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, we have heard of the impact pirate radio opera-tors have had on the authorized radio community. There have also been instances in which emergency service communica-tions have been hindered because of their illegal operators, including off the Gulf Coast of Florida. In Florida, we have worked closely with local law enforcement to identify and shut down pirate radio operators, as well as con-fiscate their equipment. However, I have heard from the Fed-eral Communications Commission countless times that, on a Federal level, there is limited authority to crack down on these operators and pre-vent their reestablishment. The PI-RATE Act will help give teeth to FCC enforcement of illegal radio operators. By hitting them in their pocketbook, the FCC can better stop these illegal actors for good. The recent success we have had in Florida proves the need for stronger penalties on these bad actors. The PIRATE Act will help give teeth to the FCC enforcement of illegal radio operators. For this reason, I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 5709, and I support its passage. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5709, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5709, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EDUCATING MEDICAL PROFES-SIONALS AND OPTIMIZING WORKFORCE EFFICIENCY AND READINESS ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3728) to amend title VII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize certain programs relating to the health professions workforce, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3728 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Educating Medical Professionals and Optimizing Work-force Efficiency and Readiness Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘EMPOWER Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF HEALTH PROFES-SIONS WORKFORCE PROGRAMS. 
(a) C ENTERS OF EXCELLENCE .—Subsection (i) of section 736 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 293) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $23,711,000 for each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (b) H
EALTH PROFESSIONS TRAINING FOR DI-
VERSITY .—Section 740 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 293d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$51,000,000 for fiscal year 2010, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fis-cal years 2011 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$48,970,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2010 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,190,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘$60,000,000 for fiscal year 2010 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2011 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$14,189,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (c) P
RIMARY CARETRAINING AND ENHANCE -
MENT .—Section 747(c)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 293k(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$125,000,000 for fiscal year 2010, and such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2011 through 2014’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$48,924,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (d) T
RAINING IN GENERAL , PEDIATRIC , AND P
UBLIC HEALTH DENTISTRY .—Section 748(f) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 293k–2(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘$30,000,000 for fiscal year 2010 and such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2011 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$40,673,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (e) A
REA HEALTH EDUCATION CENTERS .— Section 751(j)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294a(j)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$125,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2010 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$38,250,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (f) N
ATIONAL CENTER FOR HEALTHCARE  W
ORKFORCE ANALYSIS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 761(e)(1)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294n(e)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$7,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,663,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 761(e)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294n(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. (g) P
UBLIC HEALTH WORKFORCE .—Section 770(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 295e(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘$43,000,000 for fiscal year 2011, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fis-cal years 2012 through 2015’’ and inserting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.014 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6599 July 23, 2018 
‘‘$17,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 3. EDUCATION AND TRAINING RELATING TO GERIATRICS. 
Section 753 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294c) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 753. EDUCATION AND TRAINING RELATING TO GERIATRICS. 
‘‘(a) G ERIATRICS WORKFORCE ENHANCEMENT  P
ROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants or contracts under this sub-section to entities described in paragraph (1), (3), or (4) of section 799B, section 801(2), or section 865(d), or other health professions schools or programs approved by the Sec-retary, for the establishment or operation of geriatrics workforce enhancement programs that meet the requirements of paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A geriatrics work-force enhancement program meets the re-quirements of this paragraph if such pro-gram supports the development of a health care workforce that maximizes patient and family engagement and improves health out-comes for older adults by integrating geri-atrics with primary care and other appro-priate specialties. Special emphasis should be placed on providing the primary care workforce with the knowledge and skills to care for older adults and collaborating with community partners to address gaps in health care for older adults through indi-vidual, system, community, and population level changes. Areas of programmatic focus may include the following: ‘‘(A) Transforming clinical training envi-ronments to integrated geriatrics and pri-mary care delivery systems to ensure train-ees are well prepared to practice in and lead in such systems. ‘‘(B) Developing providers who can assess and address the needs and preferences of older adults and their families and care-givers at the individual, community, and population levels. ‘‘(C) Creating and delivering community- based programs that will provide older adults and their families and caregivers with the knowledge and skills to improve health outcomes and the quality of care for such adults. ‘‘(D) Providing Alzheimer’s disease and re-lated dementias (ADRD) education to the families and caregivers of older adults, di-rect care workers, health professions stu-dents, faculty, and providers. ‘‘(3) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall award grants and contracts under paragraph (1) for a period not to exceed five years. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive a grant or contract under paragraph (1), an entity described in such paragraph shall sub-mit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(5) E
QUITABLE GEOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .— The Secretary may award grants and con-tracts under paragraph (1) in a manner which will equitably distribute such grants and contracts among the various regions of the United States. ‘‘(6) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants and contracts under paragraph (1), the Secretary may give priority to programs that— ‘‘(A) have the goal of improving and pro-viding comprehensive coordinated care of older adults, including medical, dental, and psychosocial needs; ‘‘(B) support the training and retraining of faculty, preceptors, primary care providers, and providers in other specialties to increase their knowledge of geriatrics and geron-tology; ‘‘(C) provide clinical experiences across care settings, including ambulatory care, hospitals, post-acute care, nursing homes, federally qualified health centers, and home and community-based services; ‘‘(D) emphasize education and engagement of family caregivers on disease self-manage-ment, medication management, and stress reduction strategies; ‘‘(E) provide training to the health care workforce on disease self-management, moti-vational interviewing, medication manage-ment, and stress reduction strategies; ‘‘(F) provide training to the health care workforce on social determinants of health in order to better address the geriatric health care needs of diverse populations; ‘‘(G) integrate geriatrics competencies and interprofessional collaborative practice into health care education and training curricula for residents, fellows, and students; ‘‘(H) substantially benefit rural or under-served populations of older adults; ‘‘(I) integrate behavioral health com-petencies into primary care practice, espe-cially with respect to elder abuse, pain man-agement, and advance care planning; or ‘‘(J) offer short-term intensive courses that— ‘‘(i) focus on geriatrics, gerontology, chronic care management, and long-term care that provide supplemental training for faculty members in medical schools and other health professions schools or graduate programs in psychology, pharmacy, nursing, social work, dentistry, public health, allied health, or other health disciplines, as ap-proved by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) are open to current faculty, and ap-propriately credentialed volunteer faculty and practitioners, to upgrade their knowl-edge and clinical skills for the care of older adults and adults with functional and cog-nitive limitations and to enhance their interdisciplinary teaching skills. ‘‘(b) GERIATRIC ACADEMIC CAREER  A
WARDS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall establish a program to pro-vide Geriatric Academic Career Awards to eligible entities applying on behalf of eligi-ble individuals to promote the career devel-opment of such individuals as academic geri-atricians or other academic geriatrics health professionals. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(i) an entity described in paragraph (1), (3), or (4) of section 799B or section 801(2); or ‘‘(ii) an accredited health professions school or graduate program approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligible individual’ means an individual who— ‘‘(i) is board certified in internal medicine, family practice, psychiatry, or licensed den-tistry, or has completed any required train-ing in a discipline and is employed in an ac-credited health professions school or grad-uate program that is approved by the Sec-retary; ‘‘(ii) has completed an approved fellowship program in geriatrics or gerontology, or has completed specialty training in geriatrics or gerontology as required by the discipline and any additional geriatrics or gerontology training as required by the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) has a junior (non-tenured) faculty ap-pointment at an accredited school of allopathic medicine, osteopathic medicine, nursing, social work, psychology, dentistry, pharmacy, or other allied health disciplines in an accredited health professions school or graduate program that is approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS .—An eligible entity may not receive an award under paragraph (1) on behalf of an eligible individual unless the eli-gible entity— ‘‘(A) submits to the Secretary an applica-tion, at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require, and the Secretary approves such application; ‘‘(B) provides, in such form and manner as the Secretary may require, assurances that the eligible individual on whose behalf an ap-plication was submitted under subparagraph (A) will meet the service requirement de-scribed in paragraph (7); and ‘‘(C) provides, in such form and manner as the Secretary may require, assurances that such individual has a full-time faculty ap-pointment in an accredited health profes-sions school or graduate program and docu-mented commitment from such school or program to spend 75 percent of the total time of such individual on teaching and devel-oping skills in interprofessional education in geriatrics. ‘‘(4) REQUIREMENTS .—In awarding grants under this subsection, the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall give priority to eligible entities that apply on behalf of eligible individuals who are on the faculty of institutions that integrate geriatrics education, training, and best practices into academic program cri-teria; ‘‘(B) may give priority to eligible entities that operate a geriatrics workforce enhance-ment program under subsection (a); ‘‘(C) shall ensure that grants are equitably distributed across the various geographical regions of the United States, including rural and underserved areas; ‘‘(D) shall pay particular attention to geri-atrics health care workforce needs among underserved populations and rural areas; and ‘‘(E) may not require an eligible indi-vidual, or an eligible entity applying on be-half of an eligible individual, to be a recipi-ent of a grant or contract under this part. ‘‘(5) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—An eligible entity receiving an award under paragraph (1) on behalf of an eligible individual shall provide assurances to the Secretary that funds provided to such individual under this subsection will be used only to supplement, not to supplant, the amount of Federal, State, and local funds otherwise expended by such individual. ‘‘(6) A
MOUNT AND TERM .— ‘‘(A) A
MOUNT .—The amount of an award under this subsection for eligible individuals who are physicians shall equal $100,000 for fiscal year 2017, adjusted for subsequent fis-cal years to reflect the increase in the Con-sumer Price Index. The Secretary shall de-termine the amount of an award under this subsection for individuals who are not physi-cians. ‘‘(B) T
ERM.—The term of any award made under this subsection shall not exceed 5 years. ‘‘(7) S
ERVICE REQUIREMENT .—An eligible in-dividual on whose behalf an application was submitted and approved under paragraph (3)(A) shall provide training in clinical geri-atrics or gerontology, including the training of interprofessional teams of health care pro-fessionals. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $40,737,000 for each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2023. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, no funds shall be made available to carry out subsection (b) for a fiscal year unless the amount made available to carry out this section for such fiscal year is more than the amount made available to carry out this section for fiscal year 2017.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). Pursuant to the rule, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.009 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6600 July 23, 2018 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G ENE G
REEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). b1445 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as the author of the Educating Medical Professionals and Optimizing Workforce Efficiency and Readiness Act of 2018, I rise in strong support of this bill. H.R. 3728 moved with strong bipartisan support through regular order in the full Energy and Commerce Committee and the sub-committee, which I chair. This legisla-tion reauthorizes the title VII health professions workforce program for fis-cal years 2019 through 2023. Title VII programs have expired but have continued to receive appropria-tions. In fact, in fiscal year 2018, the appropriations levels for the program actually increased. Reauthorizing these physician workforce programs will provide much-needed stability for those who depend upon this funding. Title VII of the Public Health Service Act includes various programs that are vital to building and maintaining a well-educated, well-trained physician workforce. The EMPOWER Act reauthorizes funding for the Area Health Education Centers at more than $38 million a year. These centers are critical in pro-viding both medical education and healthcare services to medically under-served areas. The bill also reauthorizes programs that incentivize diversity in the physi-cian workforce, including the Centers of Excellence Program, which this bill authorizes at a level of $23 million per year. This particular program provides grants to medical schools that have a disproportionate number of minority students for the purpose of expanding the schools’ capacity or to improve curriculum. Primary care is an important aspect of our Nation’s healthcare system and how many Americans receive the ma-jority of their healthcare services. H.R. 3728 reauthorizes funding for our Pri-mary Care Training and Enhancement Program at more than $48 million per year. This program provides grants to hospitals and health professional schools to develop and operate supple-mental primary care training pro-grams. Lastly, this bill aims to strengthen our workforce that cares for the geri-atric population. The bill makes strides toward modernizing the Geri-atrics Workforce Enhancement Pro-gram and the Geriatric Academic Ca-reer Award. With an aging population, our workforce needs to be adequately trained in handling the unique needs of our seniors. These two programs enable physicians and other providers to achieve that training. Lastly, I want to thank Representa-tives SCHAKOWSKY and B UCSHON and their staffs and the majority and mi-nority staffs on the Energy and Com-merce Committee for their work on this legislation. Reauthorizing title VII programs is long overdue, especially in a time where our existing physician workforce is struggling to keep up with the de-mands for healthcare services. I urge strong support of the legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3728, the Educating Medical Profes-sionals and Optimizing Workforce Effi-ciency and Readiness Act, the EM-POWER Act. I thank the main sponsors of the bill—Representative and Chair M
I-
CHAEL BURGESS , Representative J AN S
CHAKOWSKY , and Representative L
ARRY BUCSHON —for their work on this important bill. This legislation will reauthorize title VII health professional workforce pro-grams under the Public Health Service Act that support loan repayment and provider training experiences in pri-mary care, dentistry, rural, and under-served areas. These programs include the Centers of Excellence, the Health Professions Training for Diversity Program, Pri-mary Care Training and Enhancement grants, and Training in General, Pedi-atric, and Public Health Dentistry grants. Investing in these programs helps en-sure the availability of providers who are increasingly in demand across the country. These grants help support the health professional workforce by im-proving the diversity and distribution and supply of health professionals with an emphasis on primary care and inter-disciplinary education and training. This legislation will also boost train-ing for geriatric providers who are needed to respond to our aging work-force. I ask my colleagues to join me in voting for this important piece of legis-lation that will continue support for our Nation’s health professions work-force programs. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would just point out that reauthorizing these title VII pro-grams is long overdue. The House of Representatives in the last Congress, the 114th Congress, did provide the re-authorization. It never made it through the other body, unfortunately. It is time to do that work now, and that is what this bill, today, purports to do. Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill. It is long overdue. I urge all Mem-bers to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BUR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3728, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DR. BENJY FRANCES BROOKS CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL GME SUP-PORT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5385) to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical edu-cation programs, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5385 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROGRAM OF PAYMENTS TO CHILDREN’S HOSPITALS THAT OPERATE GRAD-UATE MEDICAL EDUCATION PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 340E of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018, and each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023,’’; (2) in subsection (b)(3)(D), by inserting ‘‘and the end of fiscal year 2022,’’ after ‘‘fis-cal year 2018,’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in clause (v), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, $105,000,000.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, $220,000,000.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.017 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6601 July 23, 2018 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are consid-ering H.R. 5385, the Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education Support Reauthor-ization Act of 2018. This bill, which was submitted by Representative G
ENE G
REEN and myself, reauthorizes the Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education programs at $325 million per year for the fiscal years 2019 through 2023. This is an increase of $10 million above the enacted fiscal year 2018 level. This bill recently moved through reg-ular order in the Energy and Commerce Committee and its Subcommittee on Health. Congress created the Children’s Hos-pital Graduate Medical Education pro-gram in 1999 as part of the Healthcare Research and Quality Act, which au-thorized funding to directly support medical residency training at chil-dren’s hospitals for 2 years. Prior to the establishment of Chil-dren’s Hospital Graduate Medical Edu-cation, children’s hospitals received minimal graduate medical education funding because Medicare is the pri-mary funding source of graduate med-ical education programs, and children’s hospitals have few Medicare patients. Since the establishment of this pro-gram, Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education funding has pro-vided critical support to our pediatric workforce, which still is struggling to keep up with the demands for their services. The Children’s Hospital Grad-uate Medical Education program is es-pecially crucial in training pediatric subspecialists. Children’s hospitals have a unique patient population with medical condi-tions from which pediatric medical residents can learn and develop critical skills. The experience gained from such a residency helps to prepare and train physicians for the complex reality of pediatric medicine that they will face in the future of their medical careers. I can say as an OB/GYN who did his residency at Parkland Hospital in Dal-las, residency programs play a vital role in shaping our Nation’s physician workforce. Our pediatric workforce is no exception. According to the Children’s Hospital Association, almost half of children’s hospitals reported vacancies for child and adolescent psychiatry, in addition to developmental pediatrics. The Chil-dren’s Hospital Association also re-ports that pediatric specialists in emergency medicine, physical medi-cine, rehabilitation, endocrinology, rheumatology, hospitalists, pain man-agement/palliative care, and adolescent medicine are frequently reported as ex-periencing vacancies longer than 12 months. The workforce shortage is something that I am concerned about, and that is why passing this legislation is an inte-gral part of maintaining and sustaining our workforce. In 2016, Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education funding helped to support over 7,000 residents at 58 hos-pitals across the country. Mr. GREEN and I agreed to name this bill after Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks, who was born and raised in my district in north Texas, in Lewisville, Texas. Dr. Brooks went on to become the first female pediatric surgeon in the State and to establish pediatric surgery as a separate division at the University of Texas Medical School at Houston. It is an honor to move this bill in Dr. Brooks’ name. Our children deserve the best care available to them, and ensuring that we have an adequately prepared work-force is the first step in providing qual-ity healthcare to children. Passing H.R. 5385 is vital to the maintenance and growth of this workforce and to the health of our Nation’s children. I urge support of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5385, the Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks Children’s Hospital GME Sup-port Reauthorization Act of 2018. I am proud to introduce this legisla-tion that will reauthorize the Chil-dren’s Hospital Graduate Medical Edu-cation program with our subcommittee chairman, Congressman M
ICHAEL BUR-
GESS. The CHGME program was created by Congress in 1999 to provide pay-ments to children’s hospitals to sup-port medical residency training pro-grams. The Children’s Hospital GME pro-gram is necessary due to how hospitals typically receive support for GME through Medicare, and these payments are based on hospitals’ Medicare pa-tient volume. Because the Medicare program is used primarily by people who are over the age of 65 and chil-dren’s hospitals treat, primarily, peo-ple below the age of 18, children’s hos-pitals have low Medicare patient vol-ume and receive few Medicare GME payments. Children’s Hospital GME funds go to-ward training our Nation’s pediatric workforce, including pediatricians and pediatric subspecialists, as well as other physician types in nonpediatrics, focused specialists that may rotate through children’s hospitals for a pe-riod of time during their residency. Since its creation, the Children’s Hospital GME program has made it possible for thousands of pediatricians to receive training, including at Texas Children’s Hospital in Houston, home of one of the largest academic pediatric departments in the United States, which has a number of clinics in our Houston area district. Physicians receiving training in one of the 58 freestanding children’s hos-pitals in 29 States go on to serve in the rural and other underserved areas, helping to alleviate the pediatric work-force shortage impacting communities throughout America. The CHGME program is needed now more than ever to help train the pedi-atric workforce that will be required to meet the needs of our children and our grandchildren. Our legislation will re-authorize the CHGME program for 5 years at $325 million, and a $25 million increase over current levels. The cur-rent authorization will expire at the end of September, so it is imperative that we reauthorize this important program. Our bipartisan legislation has 57 co-sponsors, nearly equally divided be-tween Democrats and Republicans. In addition, this legislation has strong support from outside stakeholders, the American Hospital Association, and the Children’s Hospital Association. I thank Dr. BURGESS and all our col-leagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee for their hard work and support for this important legislation, and I ask for all Members to join us in support of the Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks Children’s Hospital GME Sup-port Reauthorization Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN), chairman of the full committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues Mr. G
ENEGREEN  and, certainly, Dr. B
URGESS for their great leadership on this issue. I rise is support of H.R. 5385, the Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks Children’s HOS-PITAL GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2018, and I want to thank them for their good work on this. As you have heard, this reauthorizes payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and it does so for the next 5 years, giving these programs great cer-tainty going forward. This legislation will continue to enable the Nation’s freestanding children’s hospitals to provide education to graduates of med-ical schools, enhance pediatric re-search capabilities, and care for these vulnerable and underserved children. b1500 Representative G
REEN and Chairman B
URGESS partnered to lead this bipar-tisan bill in our committee, and they brought about unanimous votes in both the Health Subcommittee and in our full committee. I appreciate their work on this and thank them and their staffs for the great work they all have done as we work together to reauthorize these very, very important programs. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support us in this legislation from the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.020 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6602 July 23, 2018 
and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I only want to point out that 2018 is the 100-year anniversary of the birth of Dr. Benjy Brooks, so it seemed an ap-propriate time to recognize her con-tributions to the fields of pediatric sur-gery and medicine in general. Again, she was born in the town in which I practiced medicine for a num-ber of years. I first encountered her at the University of Texas Medical School at Houston when I was a medical stu-dent back there in the 1970s. Surely, hers is a legacy of which all Texans can be proud. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5385, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE EDUCATION AND TRAINING ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1676) to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, in-cluding physician assistant education programs, to promote education and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of fac-ulty careers in academic palliative medicine, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1676 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE EDU-CATION AND TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part D of title VII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 759 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 759A. PALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE EDU-CATION AND TRAINING. 
‘‘(a) P ALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE EDU-
CATION CENTERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants or contracts under this section to entities described in paragraph (1), (3), or (4) of section 799B, and section 801(2), for the establishment or operation of Palliative Care and Hospice Education Centers that meet the requirements of paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A Palliative Care and Hospice Education Center meets the require-ments of this paragraph if such Center— ‘‘(A) improves the interprofessional team- based training of health professionals in pal-liative care, including residencies, traineeships, or fellowships; ‘‘(B) develops and disseminates interprofes-sional team-based curricula relating to the palliative treatment of the complex health problems of individuals with serious or life- threatening illnesses; ‘‘(C) supports the training and retraining of faculty to provide instruction in inter-professional team-based palliative care; ‘‘(D) supports interprofessional team-based continuing education of health professionals who provide palliative care to patients with serious or life-threatening illness; ‘‘(E) provides students (including residents, trainees, and fellows) with clinical training in interprofessional team-based palliative care in appropriate health settings, includ-ing hospitals, hospices, home care, long-term care facilities, and ambulatory care centers; ‘‘(F) establishes traineeships for individ-uals who are preparing for advanced edu-cation nursing degrees, social work degrees, or advanced degrees in physician assistant studies, with a focus in interprofessional team-based palliative care in appropriate health settings, including hospitals, hos-pices, home care, long-term care facilities, and ambulatory care centers; ‘‘(G) supports collaboration between mul-tiple specialty training programs (such as medicine, nursing, social work, physician as-sistant, chaplaincy, and pharmacy) and clin-ical training sites to provide training in interprofessional team-based palliative care; and ‘‘(H) does not duplicate the activities of ex-isting education centers funded under this section or under section 753 or 865. ‘‘(3) EXPANSION OF EXISTING CENTERS .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to— ‘‘(A) prevent the Secretary from providing grants to expand existing education centers, including geriatric education centers estab-lished under section 753 or 865, to provide for education and training focused specifically on palliative care, including for non-geri-atric populations; or ‘‘(B) limit the number of education centers that may be funded in a community. ‘‘(b) P
ALLIATIVE MEDICINE PHYSICIAN  T
RAINING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make grants to, and enter into contracts with, schools of medicine, schools of osteopathic medicine, teaching hospitals, and graduate medical education programs for the purpose of providing support for projects that fund the training of physicians (including resi-dents, trainees, and fellows) who plan to teach palliative medicine. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each project for which a grant or contract is made under this subsection shall— ‘‘(A) be staffed by full-time teaching physi-cians who have experience or training in interprofessional team-based palliative med-icine; ‘‘(B) be based in a hospice and palliative medicine fellowship program accredited by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Med-ical Education; ‘‘(C) provide training in interprofessional team-based palliative medicine through a va-riety of service rotations, such as consulta-tion services, acute care services, extended care facilities, ambulatory care and com-prehensive evaluation units, hospices, home care, and community care programs; ‘‘(D) develop specific performance-based measures to evaluate the competency of trainees; and ‘‘(E) provide training in interprofessional team-based palliative medicine through one or both of the training options described in paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) TRAINING OPTIONS .—The training op-tions referred to in subparagraph (E) of para-graph (2) are as follows: ‘‘(A) 1-year retraining programs in hospice and palliative medicine for physicians who are faculty at schools of medicine and osteo-pathic medicine, or others determined appro-priate by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) 1- or 2-year training programs that are designed to provide training in inter-professional team-based hospice and pallia-tive medicine for physicians who have com-pleted graduate medical education programs in any medical specialty leading to board eli-gibility in hospice and palliative medicine pursuant to the American Board of Medical Specialties. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘graduate medical edu-cation’ means a program sponsored by a school of medicine, a school of osteopathic medicine, a hospital, or a public or private institution that— ‘‘(A) offers postgraduate medical training in the specialties and subspecialties of medi-cine; and ‘‘(B) has been accredited by the Accredita-tion Council for Graduate Medical Education or the American Osteopathic Association through its Committee on Postdoctoral Training. ‘‘(c) P
ALLIATIVE MEDICINE AND HOSPICE  A
CADEMIC CAREER AWARDS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall establish a program to pro-vide awards, to be known as the ‘Palliative Medicine and Hospice Academic Career Awards’, to eligible individuals to promote the career development of such individuals as academic hospice and palliative care phy-sicians. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—To be eligible to receive an award under paragraph (1), an individual shall— ‘‘(A) be board certified or board eligible in hospice and palliative medicine; and ‘‘(B) have a junior (non-tenured) faculty appointment at an accredited (as determined by the Secretary) school of medicine or os-teopathic medicine. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS .—No award under para-graph (1) may be made to an eligible indi-vidual unless the individual— ‘‘(A) has submitted to the Secretary an ap-plication, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may require, and the Secretary has approved such application; ‘‘(B) provides, in such form and manner as the Secretary may require, assurances that the individual will meet the service require-ment described in paragraph (6); and ‘‘(C) provides, in such form and manner as the Secretary may require, assurances that the individual has a full-time faculty ap-pointment in a health professions institution and documented commitment from such in-stitution to spend a majority of the total funded time of such individual on teaching and developing skills in education in inter-professional team-based palliative care. ‘‘(4) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—An eligible individual who receives an award under para-graph (1) shall provide assurances to the Sec-retary that funds provided to the eligible in-dividual under this subsection will be used only to supplement, not to supplant, the amount of Federal, State, and local funds otherwise expended by the eligible indi-vidual. ‘‘(5) A
MOUNT AND TERM .— ‘‘(A) A
MOUNT .—The amount of an award under this subsection shall be equal to the award amount provided for under section 753(c)(5)(A) for the fiscal year involved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.022 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6603 July 23, 2018 
‘‘(B) T ERM.—The term of an award made under this subsection shall not exceed 5 years. ‘‘(C) P
AYMENT TO INSTITUTION .—The Sec- retary shall make payments for awards under this subsection to institutions, includ-ing schools of medicine and osteopathic med-icine. ‘‘(6) S
ERVICE REQUIREMENT .—An individual who receives an award under this subsection shall provide training in palliative care and hospice, including the training of inter-professional teams of health care profes-sionals. The provision of such training shall constitute a majority of the total funded ob-ligations of such individual under the award. ‘‘(d) P
ALLIATIVE CARE WORKFORCE DEVEL -
OPMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants or contracts under this sub-section to entities that operate a Palliative Care and Hospice Education Center pursuant to subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for an award under paragraph (1), an entity de-scribed in such paragraph shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts awarded under a grant or contract under paragraph (1) shall be used to carry out the fellowship program described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) F
ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Pursuant to paragraph (3), a Palliative Care and Hospice Education Center that receives an award under this subsection shall use such funds to offer short-term intensive courses (referred to in this subsection as a ‘fellowship’) that focus on interprofessional team-based palliative care that provide supplemental training for faculty members in medical schools and other health professions schools with pro-grams in psychology, pharmacy, nursing, so-cial work, physician assistant education, chaplaincy, or other health disciplines, as approved by the Secretary. Such a fellowship shall be open to current faculty, and appro-priately credentialed volunteer faculty and practitioners, who do not have formal train-ing in palliative care, to upgrade their knowledge and clinical skills for the care of individuals with serious or life-threatening illness and to enhance their interdisciplinary and interprofessional teaching skills. ‘‘(B) L
OCATION .—A fellowship under this paragraph shall be offered either at the Pal-liative Care and Hospice Education Center that is sponsoring the course, in collabora-tion with other Palliative Care and Hospice Education Centers, or at medical schools, schools of nursing, schools of pharmacy, schools of social work, schools of chaplaincy or pastoral care education, graduate pro-grams in psychology, physician assistant education programs, or other health profes-sions schools approved by the Secretary with which the Centers are affiliated. ‘‘(C) C
ONTINUING EDUCATION CREDIT .—Par- ticipation in a fellowship under this para-graph shall be accepted with respect to com-plying with continuing health profession education requirements. As a condition of such acceptance, the recipient shall subse-quently provide a minimum of 18 hours of voluntary instruction in palliative care con-tent (that has been approved by a palliative care and hospice education center) to stu-dents or trainees in health-related edu-cational, home, hospice, or long-term care settings. ‘‘(5) T
ARGETS .—A Palliative Care and Hos-pice Education Center that receives an award under paragraph (1) shall meet targets approved by the Secretary for providing training in interprofessional team-based pal-liative care to a certain number of faculty or practitioners during the term of the award, as well as other parameters established by the Secretary. ‘‘(6) AMOUNT OF AWARD .—Each award under paragraph (1) shall be in the amount of $150,000. Not more than 24 Palliative Care and Hospice Education Centers may receive an award under such paragraph. ‘‘(7) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—A Palliative Care and Hospice Education Center that re-ceives an award under paragraph (1) shall provide assurances to the Secretary that funds provided to the Center under the award will be used only to supplement, not to sup-plant, the amount of Federal, State, and local funds otherwise expended by such Cen-ter. ‘‘(e) P
ALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE CAREER  I
NCENTIVE AWARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants or contracts under this sub-section to individuals described in paragraph (2) to foster greater interest among a variety of health professionals in entering the field of palliative care. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—To be eligible to receive an award under paragraph (1), an individual shall— ‘‘(A) be an advanced practice nurse, a so-cial worker, physician assistant, pharmacist, chaplain, or student of psychology who is pursuing a doctorate, masters, or other ad-vanced degree with a focus in interprofes-sional team-based palliative care or related fields in an accredited health professions school; and ‘‘(B) submit to the Secretary an applica-tion at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) C
ONDITIONS OF AWARD .—As a condition of receiving an award under paragraph (1), an individual shall agree that, following com-pletion of the award period, the individual will teach or practice palliative care in health-related educational, home, hospice, or long-term care settings for a minimum of 5 years under guidelines established by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) P
AYMENT TO INSTITUTION .—The Sec- retary shall make payments for awards under paragraph (1) to institutions that in-clude schools of medicine, osteopathic medi-cine, nursing, social work, psychology, chap-laincy or pastoral care education, dentistry, and pharmacy, or other allied health dis-cipline in an accredited health professions school or program (such as a physician as-sistant education program) that is approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $15,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall be effective begin-ning on the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. HOSPICE AND PALLIATIVE NURSING. 
(a) N URSE EDUCATION , PRACTICE , ANDQUAL-
ITYGRANTS .—Section 831(b)(3) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296p(b)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘hospice and palliative nursing,’’ after ‘‘coordinated care,’’. (b) P
ALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE EDU-
CATION AND TRAINING PROGRAMS .—Part D of title VIII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296p et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 832. PALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE EDU-CATION AND TRAINING. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary shall award grants to eligible entities to de-velop and implement, in coordination with programs under section 759A, programs and initiatives to train and educate individuals in providing interprofessional team-based palliative care in health-related educational, hospital, hospice, home, or long-term care settings. ‘‘(b) USE OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity that receives a grant under subsection (a) shall use funds under such grant to— ‘‘(1) provide training to individuals who will provide palliative care in health-related educational, hospital, home, hospice, or long-term care settings; ‘‘(2) develop and disseminate curricula re-lating to palliative care in health-related educational, hospital, home, hospice, or long-term care settings; ‘‘(3) train faculty members in palliative care in health-related educational, hospital, home, hospice, or long-term care settings; or ‘‘(4) provide continuing education to indi-viduals who provide palliative care in health-related educational, home, hospice, or long-term care settings. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible entity desir-ing a grant under subsection (a) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire. ‘‘(d) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ shall in-clude a school of nursing, a health care facil-ity, a program leading to certification as a certified nurse assistant, a partnership of such a school and facility, or a partnership of such a program and facility. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 4. DISSEMINATION OF PALLIATIVE CARE IN-FORMATION. 
Part A of title IX of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 299 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 904. DISSEMINATION OF PALLIATIVE CARE INFORMATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Under the authority under section 902(a) to disseminate informa-tion on health care and on systems for the delivery of such care, the Director may dis-seminate information to inform patients, families, and health professionals about the benefits of palliative care throughout the continuum of care for patients with serious or life-threatening illness. ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION DISSEMINATED .— ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY INFORMATION .—If the Di-rector elects to disseminate information under subsection (a), such dissemination shall include the following: ‘‘(A) P
ALLIATIVE CARE .—Information, re-sources, and communication materials about palliative care as an essential part of the continuum of quality care for patients and families facing serious or life-threatening ill-ness (including cancer; heart, kidney, liver, lung, and infectious diseases; as well as neurodegenerative disease such as dementia, Parkinson’s disease, or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis). ‘‘(B) P
ALLIATIVE CARE SERVICES .—Specific information regarding the services provided to patients by professionals trained in hos-pice and palliative care, including pain and symptom management, support for shared decisionmaking, care coordination, psycho-social care, and spiritual care, explaining that such services may be provided starting at the point of diagnosis and alongside cura-tive treatment and are intended to— ‘‘(i) provide patient-centered and family- centered support throughout the continuum of care for serious and life-threatening ill-ness; ‘‘(ii) anticipate, prevent, and treat phys-ical, emotional, social, and spiritual suf-fering; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.012 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6604 July 23, 2018 
‘‘(iii) optimize quality of life; and ‘‘(iv) facilitate and support the goals and values of patients and families. ‘‘(C) P
ALLIATIVE CARE PROFESSIONALS .— Specific materials that explain the role of professionals trained in hospice and pallia-tive care in providing team-based care (in-cluding pain and symptom management, sup-port for shared decisionmaking, care coordi-nation, psychosocial care, and spiritual care) for patients and families throughout the con-tinuum of care for serious or life-threatening illness. ‘‘(D) R
ESEARCH .—Evidence-based research demonstrating the benefits of patient access to palliative care throughout the continuum of care for serious or life-threatening illness. ‘‘(E) P
OPULATION -SPECIFIC MATERIALS .—Ma- terials targeting specific populations, includ-ing patients with serious or life-threatening illness who are among medically underserved populations (as defined in section 330(b)(3)) and families of such patients or health pro-fessionals serving medically underserved populations. Such populations shall include pediatric patients, young adult and adoles-cent patients, racial and ethnic minority populations, and other priority populations specified by the Director. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED PUBLICATION .—Information and materials disseminated under paragraph (1) shall be posted on the Internet websites of relevant Federal agencies and departments, including the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, and the Administration on Aging. ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Director shall consult with appropriate professional soci-eties, hospice and palliative care stake-holders, and relevant patient advocate orga-nizations with respect to palliative care, psy-chosocial care, and complex chronic illness with respect to the following: ‘‘(1) The planning and implementation of the dissemination of palliative care informa-tion under this section. ‘‘(2) The development of information to be disseminated under this section. ‘‘(3) A definition of the term ‘serious or life-threatening illness’ for purposes of this section.’’. 
SEC. 5. CLARIFICATION. 
None of the funds made available under this Act (or an amendment made by this Act) may be used to provide, promote, or provide training with regard to any item or service for which Federal funding is unavail-able under section 3 of Public Law 105–12 (42 U.S.C. 14402). 
SEC. 6. ENHANCING NIH RESEARCH IN PALLIA-TIVE CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part B of title IV of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 284 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 409K. ENHANCING RESEARCH IN PALLIA-TIVE CARE. 
‘‘The Secretary, acting through the Direc-tor of the National Institutes of Health, shall develop and implement a strategy to be applied across the institutes and centers of the National Institutes of Health to expand and intensify national research programs in palliative care in order to address the qual-ity of care and quality of life for the rapidly growing population of patients in the United States with serious or life-threatening ill-nesses, including cancer; heart, kidney, liver, lung, and infectious diseases; as well as neurodegenerative diseases such as demen-tia, Parkinson’s disease, or amyotrophic lat-eral sclerosis.’’. (b) E
XPANDING TRANS -NIH R ESEARCH RE-
PORTING TOINCLUDE PALLIATIVE CARE RE-
SEARCH .—Section 402A(c)(2)(B) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 282a(c)(2)(B)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and, beginning Janu-ary 1, 2019, for conducting or supporting re-search with respect to palliative care’’ after ‘‘or national centers’’. SEC. 7. CUT-GO OFFSET. 
The total amount authorized to be appro-priated to the Office of the Secretary of Health and Human Services for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 is the amount that is $20,000,000 below the total amount appro-priated to such Office for fiscal year 2018. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1676. As we have heard, this is the Palliative Care and Hospice Edu-cation and Training Act, and it is spon-sored by my colleague from New York, Representative E
LIOT ENGEL . This bipartisan legislation will au-thorize the Department of Health and Human Services to award grants or contracts for palliative care and hos-pice education centers, promote the ca-reer development of nurses and physi-cians in palliative care, and promote research and outreach in the delivery of care for patients with serious or life- threatening illnesses at the National Institutes of Health. Now, I have heard about this bill’s impact from palliative care specialists and disease advocates all across Or-egon. Dawn Frazier in Bend, Oregon, told me about her daughter, Rhonda, who tragically passed away at the age of 34. She suffered from early onset Alzheimer’s. In an opinion piece that Dawn had published in the Bend Bulletin, she wrote: ‘‘Palliative and hospice care are vital services for people with Alz-heimer’s and other dementias. For peo-ple with advanced dementia, team- based care—which focuses on managing and easing symptoms, reducing pain and stress, and increasing comfort—im-proves quality of life, controls costs, and enhances patient and family satis-faction.’’ She wrote: ‘‘Here in Oregon, 19 per-cent of people in hospice have a pri-mary diagnosis of dementia. Yet, the availability and quality of palliative and hospice care is a concern.’’ Dawn went on to say that this bill will help make critical palliative care and hospice services available to mil-lions of patients across the country. I have long been a supporter of this bipartisan legislation and programs for palliative and hospice care. My own parents both received valuable care in this regard, especially hospice care, as their lives came to a close. This is all part of why I am a cospon-sor, along with 284 of my colleagues in the House, and why I have worked with Representative ENGEL and our sub-committee chair on the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee for Health, Chairman B
URGESS , to move this legis-lation forward in the Energy and Com-merce Committee, where, by the way, it received unanimous votes in both our Health Subcommittee and in our full committee. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this impor-tant measure. Let’s advance our public health. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1676, the Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and our committee member, Congress-man E
LIOT ENGEL , for introducing this important legislation. I would also like to thank other cosponsors: Congress-man B
UDDY CARTER , also a member on our committee, and Representative T
OMREEDfor their work and support on this legislation. Palliative care complements efforts to treat or cure illness by focusing on patients’ quality of life. It is appro-priate for patients with serious ill-nesses, starting at the point of diag-nosis through treatment, and onward through hospice and the end of life. Palliative care entails communica-tion with patients and their families to coordinate care, determine patient preferences, and assist with medical decisionmaking. A growing body of research has docu-mented the benefits of high-quality palliative and hospice care for patients in hospitals and payers, and the healthcare system as a whole. Palliative and hospice care have been associated with enhanced quality of life for patients, reduced hospital ex-penditures and lengths of stay, and other positive outcomes, including longer patient survival time. Despite the benefits of palliative care, many Americans aren’t aware of the supports available to them. There is also a shortage of educated providers who can offer quality palliative care. The Palliative Care and Hospice Edu-cation and Training Act will address these issues. This legislation will help create an infrastructure to improve palliative care training for healthcare providers, encourage the National Institutes of Health to expand its research on pallia-tive care and pain management, and ensure Americans have an under-standing of how palliative care may benefit them and their loved ones. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.012 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6605 July 23, 2018 
I am a proud cosponsor of this legis-lation. In fact, this bill has 285 cospon-sors, two-thirds of the entire House of Representatives. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation that will expand our Nation’s research and infrastructure on palliative care and pain management. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED), who has been a real leader on this issue and several others related to healthcare, and especially on diabetes. Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for recognizing me and for the opportunity to speak, and my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle for the efforts that they have put into the Palliative Care and Hospice Edu-cation and Training Act. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill, because hospice and pallia-tive care is an underutilized piece of medical treatment in America. This bill is designed to promote not only the care that is provided under palliative and hospice care, but also to empower the workforce of today and tomorrow to provide these critical healthcare de-livery systems to our aging population, to our family members, and to our dear fellow citizens. Mr. Speaker, I am strongly in sup-port of this legislation, because this is something that is personal, as I lost my mom 9 months to the day she was diagnosed with lymphoma and passed in my arms. The woman who taught me how to live, and my 11 older broth-ers and sisters, also taught me how to die. We in America need to have a con-versation across this entire Nation about how important it is to recognize that we are all mortal and that, at the end of our life, we need to face that critical question of what type of healthcare we want to receive to make sure that our quality of life is pre-served and the quantity of life is ex-tended as much as possible in order to enjoy that life. Under this act, Mr. Speaker, one of the key components of it is to provide the professionalism that is necessary to have that conversation with fami-lies, with children like myself in that situation. I hope that we will have this conversation with our loved ones much sooner rather than at that end of times. By engaging in this legislation, Mr. Speaker, we will promote palliative and hospice care, and make sure that all Americans know that this care is available to them. Not only will it allow them to enjoy peace in their final days, but it will provide a quality of life that no other care that I know of does. That is palliative and hospice care to make you comfortable and enjoy your loved ones as we end our time on this Earth. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and join us in this effort. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), a member of our Energy and Commerce Committee and cosponsor of this bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle. This is clearly a bipartisan collaboration. I am proud to be the main sponsor of H.R. 1676, the Palliative Care and Hos-pice Education and Training Act, and I urge my colleagues to support this im-portant bill. The goal of palliative care is to al-leviate suffering for patients and their loved ones, accompanying efforts to treat or cure illness. So while the ill-ness is being treated, there is support being given to the person who is sick and for their loved ones as well. It entails support from a team of doc-tors, nurses, social workers, physician assistants, clergy persons, and other specialists who provide an extra layer of assistance, including help with med-ical decisionmaking and coordination of care across multiple settings. It is appropriate at any age and at any stage in a serious illness. Palliative and hospice care have been associated with enhanced quality of life for patients, but too many people simply don’t know about these bene-fits. On top of that, there is a shortage of educated providers who can offer quality palliative and hospice care. That is where this bill comes in. The Palliative Care and Hospice Edu-cation and Training Act addresses these issues by expanding opportuni-ties for training in palliative and hos-pice care. This bill also aims to better educate patients, families, and health profes-sionals about palliative care’s benefits, and encourages NIH to expand research around this topic. Ultimately, this bill will help us en-sure that there is a well-trained pallia-tive care workforce available to care for patients, a goal that I believe will also be critical to turning the tide of the ongoing opioid epidemic. One of the goals of palliative care is to provide relief from the pain of a se-rious illness. By creating the infra-structure needed to better educate health professionals on palliative care, this legislation will also help ensure health professionals are able to prop-erly manage patients’ pain and prac-tice appropriate evidence-based pre-scribing, a space where, as the opioid crisis has shown, we need to do much better. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man W
ALDEN , Ranking Member P AL-
LONE , Chairman B URGESS , and Ranking Member G
REEN for helping to move this bill forward. I also want to thank Congressman T
OMREEDand Congress-man BUDDY CARTER , who coauthored the bill, and all of its 285 bipartisan co-sponsors. This is about as bipartisan as you can get. We are dealing with issues that peo-ple sometimes don’t like to talk about, end of life issues, issues of that nature, but it is something that must be talked about, because families need help. This will give the families the help that they need. I think every one of us has felt the pain and stress of a serious illness ei-ther personally or standing alongside a loved one. By passing this bill, we will take an important step to bring much, much needed relief to both patients and their loved ones. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-leagues on the committee and all the people who worked to make this bill bi-partisan. We can all be proud of this when it becomes law. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I will close by again thanking my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Thanks to the gentleman from New York, the gentleman from Texas, my colleagues on this side of the aisle. I know Dr. P
HILROE, who chairs our Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, a very strong advo-cate and supporter of this, could not be here to speak on it because of a con-flict. Mr. Speaker, let me just say this is really important. It will change lives. It will improve lives. With that, I hope our colleagues will join us in sup-porting this very important measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1676, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1515 TITLE VIII NURSING WORKFORCE REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 959) to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist pro-grams, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 959 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.024 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6606 July 23, 2018 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthor-ization Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. General provisions. Sec. 3. Nurse practitioners, nurse midwives, nurse anesthetists, and other advanced education nurses. Sec. 4. Increasing nursing workforce diver-sity. Sec. 5. Strengthening capacity for basic nurse education and practice. Sec. 6. Student loans. Sec. 7. National Advisory Council on Nurse Education and Practice. Sec. 8. Other provisions. 
SEC. 2. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Section 802(c) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296a(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall address rel-evant national nursing needs that the project will meet’’ and inserting ‘‘shall ad-dress relevant national nursing needs that the project will address and how the project aligns with the national nursing service goals referred to in section 806(a)’’. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Section 803 of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds awarded as a grant under this title for a project or activity shall be used to supple-ment, not supplant, the non-Federal funds that would otherwise be made available for such project or activity.’’. (c) G
ENERALLY APPLICABLE PROVISIONS .— Section 806 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296e) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by amending para-graph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) E
VALUATIONS .—The Secretary shall es-tablish procedures to ensure the annual eval-uation of programs and projects operated by recipients of grants under this title. Such procedures shall ensure that continued fund-ing for such programs and projects will be conditioned upon the submission of— ‘‘(A) data demonstrating that satisfactory progress has been made by the program or project in meeting the performance outcome standards (as described in section 802) of such program or project; and ‘‘(B) a detailed description of activities conducted by such program or project to meet such performance outcome standards.’’; (2) in subsection (e)(2), by inserting ‘‘, and have relevant expertise and experience’’ after ‘‘who are not officers or employees of the Federal Government’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) A
NNUAL REPORT ON NURSING WORK-
FORCE PROGRAMS .—Annually, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Sen-ate, and the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives, a re-port containing an assessment of the pro-grams and activities of the Department of Health and Human Services related to en-hancing the nursing workforce, including the extent to which programs and activities under this title meet identified goals and performance measures developed for the re-spective programs and activities.’’. 
SEC. 3. NURSE PRACTITIONERS, NURSE MID-WIVES, NURSE ANESTHETISTS, AND OTHER ADVANCED EDUCATION NURSES. 
Section 811 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296j) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘R.N./Master’s’’ and insert-ing ‘‘R.N./graduate’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘clinical nurse leaders,’’ before ‘‘or public health nurses’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) AUTHORIZED CLINICAL NURSE SPE-
CIALIST PROGRAMS .—Clinical nurse specialist programs eligible for support under this sec-tion are education programs that— ‘‘(1) provide registered nurses with full- time clinical nurse specialist education; and ‘‘(2) have as their objective the education of clinical nurse specialists who will upon completion of such a program be qualified to effectively provide care through the wellness and illness continuum to inpatients and out-patients experiencing acute and chronic ill-ness.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $74,581,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 4. INCREASING NURSING WORKFORCE DI-VERSITY. 
Section 821 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296m) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $17,343,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 5. STRENGTHENING CAPACITY FOR BASIC NURSE EDUCATION AND PRACTICE. 
(a) N URSE EDUCATION , PRACTICE , QUALITY , 
AND RETENTION GRANTS .—Section 831 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296p) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AND 
QUALITY ’’ and inserting ‘‘ QUALITY , AND RETEN -
TION’’; (2) in subsection (b), by amending para-graph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) providing care for underserved popu-lations and high-risk groups, which may in-clude the elderly, individuals with HIV/ AIDS, individuals with mental health or sub-stance use disorders, individuals who are homeless, and victims and survivors of do-mestic violence;’’; (3) in subsection (c), by amending para-graph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) G
RANTS FOR CAREER LADDER PRO -
GRAMS .—The Secretary may award grants to and enter into contracts with eligible enti-ties for programs— ‘‘(A) to promote career advancement for— ‘‘(i) nursing personnel in a variety of train-ing settings, cross training or specialty training among diverse population groups, and the advancement of individuals, includ-ing to become professional registered nurses, advanced practice registered nurses, and nurses with graduate nursing education; and ‘‘(ii) individuals, including licensed prac-tical nurses, licensed vocational nurses, cer-tified nurse assistants, and diploma degree or associate degree nurses, to become bacca-laureate-prepared registered nurses or nurses with graduate nursing education; ‘‘(B) to assist individuals in obtaining edu-cation and training required to enter the nursing profession and advance within such profession, such as by providing career coun-seling and mentoring; and ‘‘(C) to develop and implement internships, accredited fellowships, and accredited resi-dency programs in collaboration with one or more accredited schools of nursing to en-courage mentoring and development of spe-cialties.’’; (4) by striking subsection (e) (relating to preference); (5) by redesignating subsections (f) through (h) as subsections (e) and (g), respectively; (6) in subsection (e), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall submit to the Congress before the end of each fiscal year a’’ and inserting ‘‘As part of the report on nursing workforce programs described in sec-tion 806(i), the Secretary shall’’; (7) by amending subsection (f), as redesig-nated by paragraph (5), to read as follows: ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ includes an accredited school of nurs-ing, a health care facility, a partnership of such a school and facility, a federally quali-fied health center, or a nurse-managed health clinic. ‘‘(2) N
URSE -MANAGED HEALTH CLINIC .—The term ‘nurse-managed health clinic’ means a nurse-practice arrangement, managed by ad-vanced practice nurses, that provides pri-mary care or wellness services to under-served or vulnerable populations that is as-sociated with a school, college, university or department of nursing, federally qualified health center, or independent nonprofit health or social services agency.’’; and (8) in subsection (g), as redesignated by paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$41,913,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (b) N
URSE RETENTION GRANTS .—Section 831A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296p–1) is repealed. 
SEC. 6. STUDENT LOANS. 
(a) L OAN REPAYMENT AND SCHOLARSHIP  P
ROGRAMS .—Section 846 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 297n) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘he began such practice’’ and inserting ‘‘the indi-vidual began such practice’’; (2) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘(for fiscal years 2003 and 2004) and may (for fiscal years thereafter)’’; (3) in subsection (h), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ through ‘‘regarding’’ and inserting ‘‘The annual report on nursing workforce programs, as required by section 806(i), shall include information regarding the programs carried out under this section, including’’; and (4) in subsection (i)(1), by striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2003 through 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘$87,135,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (b) N
URSE FACULTY LOAN PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 846A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 297n–1) is amended by striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$28,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 7. NATIONAL ADVISORY COUNCIL ON NURSE EDUCATION AND PRACTICE. 
Section 851 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 297t) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(A)(iv), by striking ‘‘and nurse anesthetists’’ and inserting ‘‘nurse anesthetists, and clinical nurse spe-cialists’’; (2) in subsection (d), by amending para-graph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Title VIII Nursing Work-force Reauthorization Act of 2018, and every 2 years thereafter, prepare and submit to the Secretary, the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, a report de-scribing the activities of the Council, includ-ing findings and recommendations made by the Council concerning the activities under this title.’’; and (3) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘under this title’’ and inserting ‘‘for carrying out parts B, C, and D of this title’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.011 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6607 July 23, 2018 
SEC. 8. OTHER PROVISIONS. 
(a) P UBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS .—Part G of title VIII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 297w et seq.) is repealed. (b) F
UNDING .—Part I of title VIII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 298d) is repealed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous material in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 959, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2018, which was introduced by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OYCE ). The bill reauthorizes the title VIII Nursing Workforce Development Pro-grams for fiscal years 2019 through 2023. Title VIII programs, in addition to the title VII physician workforce programs, expired several years ago, but have continued to receive appro-priations. This bill reauthorizes title VIII programs at the fiscal year 2018 level. While our appropriations process has continued to fund these programs with-out a reauthorization, there remains uncertainty regarding how much money the programs will receive each year. These programs range from providing our advanced practice nurses with ad-ditional educational opportunities to increasing the nursing workforce diver-sity. The bill includes grants for nurses at different levels of education to obtain further education so that they can ad-vance within the nursing profession. Additionally, this legislation reauthor-izes loan repayment scholarships and grants for education, practice, quality, and retention. These provisions are es-sential in educating and retaining a qualified nurse workforce. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port H.R. 959, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 959, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act. I thank the main sponsor of the legis-lation, Representative D
AVID JOYCE , and original cosponsors including: Rep-resentative D
ORIS MATSUI , Representa-tive K
ATHY CASTOR , and Representative T
ULSI GABBARD for their hard work on this important legislation. An estimated 10,000 people are turn-ing 65 years old in America every day. That trend will continue through the end of the decade. In addition to an aging population, the United States faces rising healthcare costs, prevalent chronic diseases, and the rise in sub-stance abuse disorders. In order to meet this increased need for care, we need to grow the largest group of healthcare providers in our Nation: nurses. The title VIII programs bolster nurs-ing education at all levels, from entry- level preparation through graduate study, and provides support for institu-tions that educate nurses for practice in rural and medically underserved communities. This program is designed to address specific needs within the nursing workforce and America’s pa-tient population. This legislation will reauthorize title VIII of the Public Health Service Act that provides Federal resources toward nursing workforce development pro-grams, including the recruitment, re-tention, and advanced education of skilled nursing professionals. This bill extends advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialists, clinical nurse lead-ers, defines nurse-managed health clin-ics, adds clinical nurse specialists to the National Advisory Council on Nurse Education and Practice, and re-authorizes loan repayments, scholar-ships, and grants for education, prac-tice, quality, and retention. This bipartisan legislation passed the Energy and Commerce Committee on voice vote earlier this month. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation to expand and strengthen our American nursing workforce, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOYCE ), the author of the bill. Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 959, the Title VIII Nursing Work-force Reauthorization Act of 2018. First, I want to thank Chairman W
ALDEN and Ranking Member P ALLONE  for moving this legislation through the Energy and Commerce Committee. It is easy to see why nursing consistently ranks as the most trusted profession in America. As the husband of a nurse, and co-chair of the Congressional Nurs-ing Caucus, I know the amount of dedi-cation and support nurses put into their daily task of caring for every pa-tient. An estimated 10,000 baby boomers are turning 65 years old every day. In order to meet this increased demand for care, we need to grow the largest group of healthcare providers: nurses. Despite the importance of nurses to the wellbeing of patients, we face a projected nursing shortage that will leave too many patients without the care that they need. The shortage will affect the entire healthcare system, so we need to do all we can to make sure that those individuals are interested in this valued career path and have access to high-quality education opportuni-ties. My bill authorizes funds for loan pay-back programs and grants for advanced education, workforce diversity, and nursing recruitment programs. This bill will expand our Nation’s trained nursing workforce so they can provide the highest quality care American pa-tients need. Mr. Speaker, I am thankful for the incredible bipartisan support this bill has received on behalf of the Nation’s nurses, and I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ), who is a cosponsor of this bill. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague, Congress-man J
OYCE , who has been a great lead-er on these issues relating to our nurs-ing workforce. I appreciate working with him as co-chair of the House Con-gressional Nursing Caucus, where we are able to bring a lot of these issues and challenges to life. We all know that nurses and care-givers are the heartbeat of our healthcare providers. Day in and day out, they provide lifesaving care with empathy, compassion, and care in the most trying and stressful situations. But across the country, we continue to see nursing workforce shortages, espe-cially in our rural and underserved communities, like many in my home State of Hawaii where people on dif-ferent islands are literally separated by a body of water sometimes from get-ting access to the care that they need. In the next 2 years alone, the United States is on track to face a shortage of nearly 200,000 nursing professionals. These shortages not only drive up the cost of healthcare for those most in need, but they actually endanger the wellbeing and care of our patients. As our healthcare system faces heightened and complex challenges, like an aging population, increase in chronic diseases, an ever-worsening opioid epidemic, and so much more, our healthcare workers must have the training they need to address the needs of our communities. Reauthorizing Federal funding for vital programs that provide nurses with training, education, and support, will help grow our nursing workforce, both in my home State of Hawaii and across the country, and expand access to the quality care for our children, our veterans, our seniors, and all of our communities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and empower our nurses and healthcare professionals to continue serving and caring for the people in our commu-nities. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.011 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6608 July 23, 2018 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time, and only to point out that this bill did pass in the previous Congress, in the 114th Congress, both in subcommittee and full committee, but was never enacted into law. The author of that bill in the last Congress was our colleague, Lois Capps, on the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I know she will be grateful to see that her work has fi-nally cleared the floor of the House and on to the Senate, and we will be suc-cessful. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 959, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2018. I’d like to thank Representative D
AVID JOYCE for his work on this important bill. It is one of four bipartisan public health bills the House will vote on today, each of which passed through the En-ergy and Commerce Committee unanimously at both the Health Subcommittee and our full committee. H.R. 959 would reauthorize nursing work-force development programs, which support the recruitment, retention, and advanced edu-cation of skilled nursing professionals. The bill extends advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialists and clinical nurse leaders, defines nurse-managed health clinics, adds clinical nurse specialists to the National Advisory Council on Nurse Education, and reauthorizes loan repayments, scholar-ships, and grants for education, practice, qual-ity, and retention. In rural areas of the country, like my district in Oregon, nurses play an especially critical role in our health care delivery system, and they’ve told me about the importance of this legislation. That’s why it’s critical we reauthor-ize these programs. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 959, the Nursing Work-force Reauthorization Act of 2018. It is undeniable that nurses play a critical role in our society’s function, as they are trust-ed healthcare professionals who are the heart and soul of the healthcare system. H.R. 959 amends the Public Health Service Act by extending support for nursing workforce programs and grants through the fiscal year 2022. This bill will reauthorize the Title VIII nursing workforce development programs. Further, eligibility for advanced nursing edu-cation grants will be expanded to include edu-cation programs for clinical nurse leaders and all combined registered nurse and graduate degree programs. The Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act bolsters nursing education at all levels, strengthens nursing education and funds insti-tutions educating nurses to practice in rural and medically underserved communities. For nearly six decades, the nursing work-force development programs have helped for-tify the workforce by increasing the number of students, faculty, and practicing nurses. Unfortunately, health inequities, inflated costs, and poor health care outcomes are in-tensifying because of today’s shortfall of ap-propriately prepared licensed vocational/prac-tical nurses (LVNs/LPNs), registered nurses (RNs), advanced practice registered nurses (APRNs), and nurse faculty. This trend must be ameliorated, as the im-portance of nurses cannot be understated. Nurses are extremely vital components to quality healthcare and patient education. Nurses are the primary professionals deliv-ering quality health care in the nation, as there are over 4.2 million Registered Nurses in prac-tice today. Moreover, the nurse workforce is expected to continue to grow, due to the current techno-logical advancements for treatments, preven-tive care needs, and the rising demand from new health reform enrollments. It is imperative that the nursing shortage in society be eliminated, as the need for quali-fied, experienced nurses is rising and will con-tinue to do so. Insufficient federal investments in nursing education, training, and the overall workforce will only be a detriment to our nation’s quality of healthcare. H.R. 959 ensures that nursing workforce de-velopment programs will continue to address the specific needs of the nursing and nurse faculty workforce as well as patients in our communities. By modernizing the current nursing work-force development programs, through tech-nical training and further financial funding, nurses will be able to fulfill the needs of their patients at the highest level. Further funding and training for nurses at all levels ensures that all types and levels of nurses have concrete training and are able to deliver high quality healthcare. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 959, which will strengthen the fu-ture of nursing and the health of the nation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 959, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADVANCING CRITICAL CONNECTIVITY EXPANDS SERV-ICE, SMALL BUSINESS RE-SOURCES, OPPORTUNITIES, AC-CESS, AND DATA BASED ON AS-SESSED NEED AND DEMAND ACT Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3994) to establish the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3994 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Advancing Critical Connectivity Expands Service, Small Business Resources, Opportunities, Access, and Data Based on Assessed Need and Demand Act’’ or the ‘‘ACCESS BROADBAND Act’’. SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE OFFICE OF INTERNET CONNECTIVITY AND GROWTH. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Sec-retary shall establish the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth within the Na-tional Telecommunications and Information Administration. 
SEC. 3. DUTIES. 
(a) O UTREACH .—The Office shall— (1) connect with communities that need ac-cess to high-speed internet and improved digital inclusion efforts through various forms of outreach and communication tech-niques; (2) hold regional workshops across the country to share best practices and effective strategies for promoting broadband access and adoption; (3) develop targeted broadband training and presentations for various demographic communities through various media; and (4) develop and distribute publications (in-cluding toolkits, primers, manuals, and white papers) providing guidance, strategies, and insights to communities as the commu-nities develop strategies to expand broadband access and adoption. (b) T
RACKING OF FEDERAL DOLLARS .— (1) B
ROADBAND INFRASTRUCTURE .—The Of- fice shall track the construction and use of and access to any broadband infrastructure built using any Federal support in a central database. (2) A
CCOUNTING MECHANISM .—The Office shall develop a streamlined accounting mechanism by which any agency offering a Federal broadband support program and the Commission through the Universal Service Fund shall provide the information described in paragraph (1) in a standardized and effi-cient fashion. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter, the Office shall make public on the website of the Office and sub-mit to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the following: (A) A description of the work of the Office for the previous year and the number of resi-dents of the United States that received broadband as result of Federal broadband support programs and the Universal Service Fund program. (B) A description of how many residents of the United States were provided broadband by which universal service mechanism or which Federal broadband support program. (C) An estimate of the economic impact of such broadband deployment efforts on the local economy, including any effect on small businesses or jobs. 
SEC. 4. STREAMLINED APPLICATIONS FOR SUP-PORT. 
(a) A GENCY CONSULTATION .—The Office shall consult with any agency offering a Fed-eral broadband support program to stream-line and standardize the applications process for financial assistance or grants for such program. (b) A
GENCY STREAMLINING .—Any agency of-fering a Federal broadband support program shall amend their applications for broadband support, to the extent practicable and as necessary, to streamline and standardize ap-plications for Federal broadband support programs across the Government. (c) S
INGLE APPLICATION .—To the greatest extent practicable, the Office shall seek to create one application that may be sub-mitted to apply for all, or substantially all, Federal broadband support programs. (d) W
EBSITE REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.030 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6609 July 23, 2018 
Act, the Office shall create a central website through which potential applicants can learn about and apply for support through any Federal broadband support program. 
SEC. 5. COORDINATION OF SUPPORT. 
The Office, any agency that offers a Fed-eral broadband support program, and the Commission through the Universal Service Fund shall coordinate with the Office to en-sure that support is being distributed in an efficient, technology-neutral, and financially sustainable manner, with the goal of serving the largest number of persons in the United States while avoiding overbuilding and pro-moting the most job and economic growth for all residents of the United States. 
SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘As-sistant Secretary’’ means the Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce for Communications and Information. (3) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Com-mission. (4) F
EDERAL BROADBAND SUPPORT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘Federal broadband sup-port program’’ does not include any Uni-versal Service Fund program and means any of the following programs (or any other simi-lar Federal program) to the extent the pro-gram offers broadband internet service or programs for promoting broadband access and adoption for various demographic com-munities through various media for residen-tial, commercial, community providers, or academic establishments: (A) The Telecommunications and Tech-nology Program of the Appalachian Regional Commission. (B) The Telecommunications Infrastruc-ture Loans and Loan Guarantees, the Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guaran-tees, the Substantially Underserved Trust Areas Provisions, the Community Connect Grant Program, and the Distance Learning and Telemedicine Grant Program of the Rural Utilities Service of the Department of Agriculture. (C) The Public Works and Economic Ad-justment Assistance Programs and the Plan-ning and Local Technical Assistance Pro-grams of the Economic Development Admin-istration of the Department of Commerce. (D) The Community Development Block Grants and Section 108 Loan Guarantees, the Funds for Public Housing Authorities: Cap-ital Fund and Operating Fund, the Multi-family Housing, the Indian Community De-velopment Block Grant Program, the Indian Housing Block Grant Program, the Title VI Loan Guarantee Program, Choice Neighbor-hoods, the HOME Investment Partnerships Program, the Housing Trust Fund, and the Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. (E) The American Job Centers of the Em-ployment and Training Administration of the Department of Labor. (F) The Library Services and Technology Grant Programs of the Institute of Museum and Library Services. (5) O
FFICE .—The term ‘‘Office’’ means the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth established pursuant to section 2. (6) U
NIVERSAL SERVICE FUND PROGRAM .— The term ‘‘Universal Service Fund program’’ means any program authorized under section 254 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254) to help deploy broadband. (7) U
NIVERSAL SERVICE MECHANISM .—The term ‘‘universal service mechanism’’ means any funding stream provided by a Universal Service Fund program to support broadband access. SEC. 7. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the ACCESS BROADBAND Act, which Congressman T
ONKO and I intro-duced last year. This bill would streamline the Federal grant programs related to broadband deployment, and track how Federal funds are used to a greater extent than is now the case. I thank Congressman T
ONKO for his lead-ership on this important issue. Broadband internet is the lifeblood of the American economy, a critical tool for students, and an incubator for the next great innovation. This bill takes the right steps to ensure Federal broadband resources are working to ex-pand access in underserved areas. Being able to have access to the internet means being able to unlock tremendous potential, and we have to make sure that all Americans share in this success. Many local economies are relying on Congress to get this right. In many areas of the country, the cost to deploy broadband infrastruc-ture is prohibitive, which creates a need for Federal funding in cases where a market solution is not possible. With several different broadband sup-port programs across several Federal agencies, there is no single, com-prehensive system tracking where and how Federal funds are being spent. Access broadband creates an office within the National Telecommuni-cations and Information Administra-tion, with the task of simplifying the application process for the various sup-port programs, coordinating between the various agencies, and tracking the use and effectiveness of Federal broadband funding. By ensuring coordination, the office will help prevent overbuilding of broadband and make sure Federal funds are going where they are needed most, which should be unserved and underserved areas of the country. This bill and the other bills we have been considering reflect the broad and encompassing jurisdiction of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee and the important day-to-day work and over-sight we maintain over a significant portion of the Federal Government. This type of work counts and these bills are important. Energy and Com-merce accomplishments like reauthor-izing the successful CHIP program, the Ray Baums Act, safely disposing of nu-clear waste, and improving consumer protections, have been the pillars of our accomplishments this Congress, and this has occurred in a bipartisan capacity. Bills like the ones we are considering today, keep the wheels of many critical government functions moving. The AC-CESS BROADBAND bill is excellent legislation and will improve broadband for many Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 3994, the Advancing Critical Connectivity Expands Service, Small Business Resources, Opportunities, Ac-cess, and Data Based on Assessed Need and Demand Act, or in short, ACCESS BROADBAND Act. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair and ranking member for moving this meas-ure forward, and offer special thanks to my friend, Representative LANCE , for partnering with me on this legislation. I also thank the bipartisan group of Members who have cosponsored this legislation, including 14 members of the Energy and Commerce Committee who have worked together and who agree that these are vital steps worth taking. This bill is about serving the people. My own constituents continue to reach out about their limitations of access to broadband internet throughout the capital region. Some of these areas are rural and many are underserved and unserved entirely. Other areas are underserved with a few houses having access, while many others are left with no affordable op-tions in sight. b1530 Constituents ask: When will we get access? What about western Schenec-tady County? What about Amsterdam? What about Berne? What about Fort Johnson? What about western Saratoga County in the 20th Congressional Dis-trict? I have heard from doctors who de-pend on broadband internet to read X- rays when they are on call. I hear from librarians who find students sitting in the library parking lot after hours so that they can access the internet and finish their homework assignments. I hear from workers who are forced to leave home to find high enough inter-net speed that they can upload or download large files. They all ask: When will we have access? As a Congress, we owe these folk an answer. A lack of access to broadband internet in the capital region is one of many reasons I pushed to join the En-ergy and Commerce Committee and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.013 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6610 July 23, 2018 
why I have worked to advance this leg-islation. This bill is the first part of that an-swer. H.R. 3994, the Advancing Critical Connectivity Expands Service, Small Business Resources, Opportunities, Ac-cess, and Data Based on Assessed Need and Demand Act, the ACCESS BROADBAND Act, would establish a coordinating office for Federal broadband resources. It would use existing resources to streamline management of Federal broadband resources across multiple agencies and simplify the process for small businesses and local economic developers to access them. Currently, there is no comprehensive system that tracks where Federal dol-lars are going and how the funding is impacting communities. Investments are made with little accountability and oversight on behalf of the taxpayer. ACCESS BROADBAND, as an act, would begin to address the issues. This bill would track Federal broadband dollars and streamline management of Federal broadband resources across multiple agencies. Most notably, it would simplify the process for small businesses and local economic devel-opers to access them. There is still much more work to be done on this issue. I do hope that this can serve as a starting place for us to open doors of opportunity and access for the millions of Americans who re-quire the better and improved out-comes by investing in broadband ex-pansion. I thank all of the members and staff working together on ACCESS BROADBAND, helping ensure that our communities can access the broadband resources they need to grow and to prosper. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ), who is a member of our committee. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my colleague’s bill, the ACCESS BROADBAND Act. Mr. T
ONKO ’s legislation would move to establish an office of Internet Connectivity and Growth at the Na-tional Telecommunications and Infor-mation Administration to coordinate and track Federal funding for broadband across every agency. This is important because the Fed-eral Government’s grant system can of-tentimes be confusing and disjointed, making it difficult for communities and organizations to find grants they may be eligible for. As a result, they may be losing out on opportunities, es-pecially when it comes to broadband needs. Our rural communities continue to struggle, and one area that has been proven to be a boon is access to high- speed internet. By encompassing all of these grants into one area, we can help assist communities and organizations across the country in their search for Federal grant funding. Access to broadband is a recipe for growth, allowing people to take and create new opportunities that may not have been there before. That is why I urge my colleagues to support this leg-islation. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers on my side. If the other side is ready to close, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I urge pas-sage of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3994, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PRIVATE PROPERTY RIGHTS PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1689) to protect pri-vate property rights. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1689 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Private Property Rights Protection Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON EMINENT DOMAIN ABUSE BY STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No State or political sub-division of a State shall exercise its power of eminent domain, or allow the exercise of such power by any person or entity to which such power has been delegated, over property to be used for economic development or over property that is used for economic develop-ment within 7 years after that exercise, if that State or political subdivision receives Federal economic development funds during any fiscal year in which the property is so used or intended to be used. (b) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR FEDERAL FUNDS .—A violation of subsection (a) by a State or po-litical subdivision shall render such State or political subdivision ineligible for any Fed-eral economic development funds for a pe-riod of 2 fiscal years following a final judg-ment on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction that such subsection has been violated, and any Federal agency charged with distributing those funds shall withhold them for such 2-year period, and any such funds distributed to such State or political subdivision shall be returned or reimbursed by such State or political subdivision to the appropriate Federal agency or authority of the Federal Government, or component thereof. (c) O
PPORTUNITY TOCURE VIOLATION .—A State or political subdivision shall not be in-eligible for any Federal economic develop-ment funds under subsection (b) if such State or political subdivision returns all real prop-erty the taking of which was found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have con-stituted a violation of subsection (a) and re-places any other property destroyed and re-pairs any other property damaged as a result of such violation. In addition, the State or political subdivision must pay any applica-ble penalties and interest to reattain eligi-bility. SEC. 3. PROHIBITION ON EMINENT DOMAIN ABUSE BY THE FEDERAL GOVERN-MENT. 
The Federal Government or any authority of the Federal Government shall not exercise its power of eminent domain to be used for economic development. 
SEC. 4. PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION. 
(a) C AUSE OF ACTION .—Any—(1) owner of private property whose property is subject to eminent domain who suffers injury as a re-sult of a violation of any provision of this Act with respect to that property; or (2) any tenant of property that is subject to eminent domain who suffers injury as a result of a violation of any provision of this Act with respect to that property, may bring an ac-tion to enforce any provision of this Act in the appropriate Federal or State court. A State shall not be immune under the 11th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States from any such action in a Fed-eral or State court of competent jurisdic-tion. In such action, the defendant has the burden to show by clear and convincing evi-dence that the taking is not for economic de-velopment. Any such property owner or ten-ant may also seek an appropriate relief through a preliminary injunction or a tem-porary restraining order. (b) L
IMITATION ON BRINGING ACTION .—An action brought by a property owner or ten-ant under this Act may be brought if the property is used for economic development following the conclusion of any condemna-tion proceedings condemning the property of such property owner or tenant, but shall not be brought later than seven years following the conclusion of any such proceedings. (c) A
TTORNEYS ’ FEE AND OTHER COSTS.—In any action or proceeding under this Act, the court shall allow a prevailing plaintiff a rea-sonable attorneys’ fee as part of the costs, and include expert fees as part of the attor-neys’ fee. 
SEC. 5. REPORTING OF VIOLATIONS TO ATTOR-NEY GENERAL. 
(a) S UBMISSION OF REPORT TO ATTORNEY  G
ENERAL .—Any—(1) owner of private prop-erty whose property is subject to eminent domain who suffers injury as a result of a violation of any provision of this Act with respect to that property; or (2) any tenant of property that is subject to eminent domain who suffers injury as a result of a violation of any provision of this Act with respect to that property, may report a violation by the Federal Government, any authority of the Federal Government, State, or political sub-division of a State to the Attorney General. (b) I
NVESTIGATION BY ATTORNEY GENERAL .— Upon receiving a report of an alleged viola-tion, the Attorney General shall conduct an investigation to determine whether a viola-tion exists. (c) N
OTIFICATION OF VIOLATION .—If the At-torney General concludes that a violation does exist, then the Attorney General shall notify the Federal Government, authority of the Federal Government, State, or political subdivision of a State that the Attorney General has determined that it is in viola-tion of the Act. The notification shall fur-ther provide that the Federal Government, State, or political subdivision of a State has 90 days from the date of the notification to demonstrate to the Attorney General either that: (1) it is not in violation of the Act; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.033 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6611 July 23, 2018 
(2) that it has cured its violation by return-ing all real property the taking of which the Attorney General finds to have constituted a violation of the Act and replacing any other property destroyed and repairing any other property damaged as a result of such viola-tion. (d) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SBRINGING OF AC-
TION TOENFORCE ACT.—If, at the end of the 90-day period described in subsection (c), the Attorney General determines that the Fed-eral Government, authority of the Federal Government, State, or political subdivision of a State is still violating the Act or has not cured its violation as described in sub-section (c), then the Attorney General will bring an action to enforce the Act unless the property owner or tenant who reported the violation has already brought an action to enforce the Act. In such a case, the Attorney General shall intervene if it determines that intervention is necessary in order to enforce the Act. The Attorney General may file its lawsuit to enforce the Act in the appropriate Federal or State court. A State shall not be immune under the 11th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States from any such action in a Federal or State court of competent jurisdiction. In such action, the defendant has the burden to show by clear and convincing evidence that the taking is not for economic development. The Attorney General may seek any appropriate relief through a preliminary injunction or a tem-porary restraining order. (e) L
IMITATION ON BRINGING ACTION .—An action brought by the Attorney General under this Act may be brought if the prop-erty is used for economic development fol-lowing the conclusion of any condemnation proceedings condemning the property of an owner or tenant who reports a violation of the Act to the Attorney General, but shall not be brought later than seven years fol-lowing the conclusion of any such pro-ceedings. (f) A
TTORNEYS ’ FEE AND OTHER COSTS.—In any action or proceeding under this Act brought by the Attorney General, the court shall, if the Attorney General is a prevailing plaintiff, award the Attorney General a rea-sonable attorneys’ fee as part of the costs, and include expert fees as part of the attor-neys’ fee. 
SEC. 6. NOTIFICATION BY ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
(a) N OTIFICATION TO STATES AND POLITICAL  S
UBDIVISIONS .— (1) Not later than 30 days after the enact-ment of this Act, the Attorney General shall provide to the chief executive officer of each State the text of this Act and a description of the rights of property owners and tenants under this Act. (2) Not later than 120 days after the enact-ment of this Act, the Attorney General shall compile a list of the Federal laws under which Federal economic development funds are distributed. The Attorney General shall compile annual revisions of such list as nec-essary. Such list and any successive revi-sions of such list shall be communicated by the Attorney General to the chief executive officer of each State and also made available on the Internet website maintained by the United States Department of Justice for use by the public and by the authorities in each State and political subdivisions of each State empowered to take private property and convert it to public use subject to just compensation for the taking. (b) N
OTIFICATION TO PROPERTY OWNERS AND  T
ENANTS .—Not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall publish in the Federal Register and make available on the Internet website maintained by the United States Depart-ment of Justice a notice containing the text of this Act and a description of the rights of property owners and tenants under this Act. SEC. 7. REPORTS. 
(a) B YATTORNEY GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every subsequent year thereafter, the Attorney General shall transmit a report identifying States or political subdivisions that have used eminent domain in violation of this Act to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate. The report shall— (1) identify all private rights of action brought as a result of a State’s or political subdivision’s violation of this Act; (2) identify all violations reported by prop-erty owners and tenants under section 5(c) of this Act; (3) identify the percentage of minority residents compared to the surrounding non-minority residents and the median incomes of those impacted by a violation of this Act; (4) identify all lawsuits brought by the At-torney General under section 5(d) of this Act; (5) identify all States or political subdivi-sions that have lost Federal economic devel-opment funds as a result of a violation of this Act, as well as describe the type and amount of Federal economic development funds lost in each State or political subdivi-sion and the Agency that is responsible for withholding such funds; and (6) discuss all instances in which a State or political subdivision has cured a violation as described in section 2(c) of this Act. (b) D
UTY OF STATES .—Each State and local authority that is subject to a private right of action under this Act shall have the duty to report to the Attorney General such infor-mation with respect to such State and local authorities as the Attorney General needs to make the report required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 8. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING RURAL AMERICA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The founders realized the fundamental importance of property rights when they codified the Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution, which re-quires that private property shall not be taken ‘‘for public use, without just com-pensation’’. (2) Rural lands are unique in that they are not traditionally considered high tax rev-enue-generating properties for State and local governments. In addition, farmland and forest land owners need to have long-term certainty regarding their property rights in order to make the investment decisions to commit land to these uses. (3) Ownership rights in rural land are fun-damental building blocks for our Nation’s agriculture industry, which continues to be one of the most important economic sectors of our economy. (4) In the wake of the Supreme Court’s de-cision in Kelo v. City of New London, abuse of eminent domain is a threat to the prop-erty rights of all private property owners, in-cluding rural land owners. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the use of eminent domain for the purpose of economic development is a threat to agricultural and other property in rural America and that the Congress should protect the property rights of Americans, in-cluding those who reside in rural areas. Property rights are central to liberty in this country and to our economy. The use of emi-nent domain to take farmland and other rural property for economic development threatens liberty, rural economies, and the economy of the United States. The taking of farmland and rural property will have a di-rect impact on existing irrigation and rec-lamation projects. Furthermore, the use of eminent domain to take rural private prop-erty for private commercial uses will force increasing numbers of activities from pri-vate property onto this Nation’s public lands, including its National forests, Na-tional parks and wildlife refuges. This in-crease can overburden the infrastructure of these lands, reducing the enjoyment of such lands for all citizens. Americans should not have to fear the government’s taking their homes, farms, or businesses to give to other persons. Governments should not abuse the power of eminent domain to force rural prop-erty owners from their land in order to de-velop rural land into industrial and commer-cial property. Congress has a duty to protect the property rights of rural Americans in the face of eminent domain abuse. SEC. 9. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the policy of the United States to en-courage, support, and promote the private ownership of property and to ensure that the constitutional and other legal rights of pri-vate property owners are protected by the Federal Government. 
SEC. 10. RELIGIOUS AND NONPROFIT ORGANIZA-TIONS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON STATES .—No State or political subdivision of a State shall exercise its power of eminent domain, or allow the exercise of such power by any person or enti-ty to which such power has been delegated, over property of a religious or other non-profit organization by reason of the non-profit or tax-exempt status of such organiza-tion, or any quality related thereto if that State or political subdivision receives Fed-eral economic development funds during any fiscal year in which it does so. (b) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR FEDERAL FUNDS .—A violation of subsection (a) by a State or po-litical subdivision shall render such State or political subdivision ineligible for any Fed-eral economic development funds for a pe-riod of 2 fiscal years following a final judg-ment on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction that such subsection has been violated, and any Federal agency charged with distributing those funds shall withhold them for such 2-year period, and any such funds distributed to such State or political subdivision shall be returned or reimbursed by such State or political subdivision to the appropriate Federal agency or authority of the Federal Government, or component thereof. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON FEDERAL GOVERN -
MENT .—The Federal Government or any au-thority of the Federal Government shall not exercise its power of eminent domain over property of a religious or other nonprofit or-ganization by reason of the nonprofit or tax- exempt status of such organization, or any quality related thereto. 
SEC. 11. REPORT BY FEDERAL AGENCIES ON REGULATIONS AND PROCEDURES RELATING TO EMINENT DOMAIN. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each Executive department and agency shall re-view all rules, regulations, and procedures and report to the Attorney General on the activities of that department or agency to bring its rules, regulations and procedures into compliance with this Act. 
SEC. 12. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that any and all precautions shall be taken by the govern-ment to avoid the unfair or unreasonable taking of property away from survivors of Hurricane Katrina who own, were be-queathed, or assigned such property, for eco-nomic development purposes or for the pri-vate use of others. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.014 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6612 July 23, 2018 
SEC. 13. DISPROPORTIONATE IMPACT. 
If the court determines that a violation of this Act has occurred, and that the violation has a disproportionately high impact on the poor or minorities, the Attorney General shall use reasonable efforts to locate former owners and tenants and inform them of the violation and any remedies they may have. 
SEC. 14. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act the following definitions apply: (1) E
CONOMIC DEVELOPMENT .—The term ‘‘economic development’’ means taking pri-vate property, without the consent of the owner, and conveying or leasing such prop-erty from one private person or entity to an-other private person or entity for commer-cial enterprise carried on for profit, or to in-crease tax revenue, tax base, employment, or general economic health, except that such term shall not include— (A) conveying private property— (i) to public ownership, such as for a road, hospital, airport, or military base; (ii) to an entity, such as a common carrier, that makes the property available to the general public as of right, such as a railroad or public facility; (iii) for use as a road or other right of way or means, open to the public for transpor-tation, whether free or by toll; and (iv) for use as an aqueduct, flood control facility, pipeline, or similar use; (B) removing harmful uses of land provided such uses constitute an immediate threat to public health and safety; (C) leasing property to a private person or entity that occupies an incidental part of public property or a public facility, such as a retail establishment on the ground floor of a public building; (D) acquiring abandoned property; (E) clearing defective chains of title; (F) taking private property for use by a utility providing electric, natural gas, tele-communication, water, wastewater, or other utility services either directly to the public or indirectly through provision of such serv-ices at the wholesale level for resale to the public; and (G) redeveloping of a brownfield site as de-fined in the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act (42 U.S.C. 9601(39)). (2) F
EDERAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT  
FUNDS .—The term ‘‘Federal economic devel-opment funds’’ means any Federal funds dis-tributed to or through States or political subdivisions of States under Federal laws de-signed to improve or increase the size of the economies of States or political subdivisions of States. (3) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Colum-bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or any other territory or possession of the United States. 
SEC. 15. LIMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC-TION. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed to supersede, limit, or otherwise affect any pro-vision of the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.). 
SEC. 16. BROAD CONSTRUCTION. 
This Act shall be construed in favor of a broad protection of private property rights, to the maximum extent permitted by the terms of this Act and the Constitution. 
SEC. 17. SEVERABILITY AND EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) S EVERABILITY .—The provisions of this Act are severable. If any provision of this Act, or any application thereof, is found un-constitutional, that finding shall not affect any provision or application of the Act not so adjudicated. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This Act shall take effect upon the first day of the first fiscal year that begins after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, but shall not apply to any project for which condemnation proceedings have been initiated prior to the date of en-actment. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 1689, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House is considering H.R. 1689, the Pri-vate Property Rights Protection Act. My bill aims to restore the property rights of all Americans that the Su-preme Court took away in 2005. The Founders of our country recog-nized the importance of an individual’s right to personal property when they drafted the Constitution. The Fifth Amendment states: ‘‘nor shall private property be taken for public use, with-out just compensation.’’ In Kelo v. City of New London, the Supreme Court decided that economic development could be a public use under the Fifth Amendment’s Takings Clause. In a 5–4 decision, the Court held that the government could take pri-vate property from an owner—in this case, Susette Kelo—to help a corpora-tion or private developer—in this case, Pfizer. The now infamous Kelo decision gen-erated a massive backlash. As former Justice O’Connor stated: ‘‘The govern-ment now has license to transfer prop-erty from those with fewer resources to those with more. The Founders cannot have intended this perverse result.’’ Even in the 13 years since Kelo, polls show that Americans overwhelmingly oppose property being taken and trans-ferred to another private owner, even if it is for the public economic good. The Private Property Rights Protec-tion Act is needed to restore to all Americans the property rights the Su-preme Court invalidated. Although sev-eral States have since passed legisla-tion to limit their power to eminent domain, and a number of supreme courts have barred the practice under their State constitutions, these laws exist on a varying degree. H.R. 1689 would prohibit State and local governments that receive Federal economic development funds from using economic development as a jus-tification for taking property from one person and giving to another private entity. Any State or local government that violates this prohibition will be ineligible to receive Federal economic development funds for 2 years. The protection of property rights is one of the most important tenets of our government. I am mindful of the long history of eminent domain abuses, particularly in low-income and often predominantly minority neighbor-hoods, and the need to stop it. I am also mindful of the reasons we should allow the government to take the land when the way in which land is being used constitutes an immediate threat to public health and safety. I believe this bill accomplishes both goals. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in protecting private property rights for all Americans and limiting the dangerous effects of the Kelo deci-sion on the most vulnerable in our so-ciety. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in op-position to H.R. 1689, the Private Prop-erty Rights Protection Act of 2017. While I believe this bill is well inten-tioned, it is the wrong approach to a serious problem. It seeks to prevent abuse of eminent domain power, but its provisions could cripple the finances of State and local governments without even providing a remedy to the victims of an unjust taking. In Kelo v. City of New London, the Supreme Court upheld the right of a municipality to use eminent domain authority to take private property and to transfer it to another private entity for a public purpose. Building on a cen-tury of precedent defining public use to include a public purpose, the Court held such a transfer did not violate the Fifth Amendment’s Takings Clause, which provides that no person’s private property shall be taken for public use without just compensation. Critics of the Kelo decision believe that the Court overreached and that eminent domain should be exercised only when the taken property will be owned by the government or by a pri-vate entity operating as a public util-ity. b1545 H.R. 1689 would overturn Kelo by pro-hibiting any State or local government that receives Federal economic devel-opment funds from using eminent do-main to transfer private property to another private entity for the purpose of economic development. The bill broadly defines economic de-velopment funds to include any Federal funds distributed to States or localities under laws designed to improve or in-crease their economies. Should a State or local government violate this prohi-bition, it is subject to the loss of all such funds for 2 years. This draconian remedy could poten-tially devastate the finances of State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.014 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6613 July 23, 2018 
and local governments. Even projects unrelated to takings could lose fund-ing, and cities could face bankruptcy simply by incorrectly guessing whether a given project would sufficiently qual-ify as being for a public use. The poten-tial loss of such funding would also have a chilling effect on a govern-ment’s willingness to use eminent do-main to promote legitimate economic development projects. Even if a government never takes a prohibited action, it would likely be adversely impacted by this bill. Just the potential loss of significant Fed-eral funding may make it impossible for a government to sell municipal bonds or could require a government to pay inordinate interest rates given the possibility that it might, at some point in the future, use eminent domain im-properly and thereby lose all Federal economic aid and, with it, the ability to repay the bonds. The power of eminent domain is an extraordinary one and it should be used with great care. Historically, there are examples of States and localities abus-ing eminent domain for purely private gain or to favor one community at the expense of another. When used inappro-priately, this power has wrecked com-munities for projects, resulting in lit-tle economic benefit. When used appropriately, however, eminent domain is an important tool, making possible transportation net-works, irrigation projects, and other important public works that support communities and are integral to their economic and social well-being. Unfortunately, this bill’s vague defi-nitions may prohibit projects that have a genuine public purpose while allow-ing others that historically have abused eminent domain. For example, this bill allows use of eminent domain to give property to a private party ‘‘such as a common car-rier that makes the property available for use by the general public as of right.’’ That would seem to include a stadium, which is privately owned and available for use by the general public as of right. On the other hand, communities could be barred from using eminent do-main to pursue affordable housing projects if they are built using a pub-lic-private partnership, such as the HOPE VI program, which uses Federal money to encourage private develop-ment of mixed-income housing. Yet another shortcoming of the bill is that it does not actually help an ag-grieved property owner or tenant be-cause it would not allow them to sue to stop the allegedly prohibited taking. The bill only authorizes suit after a condemnation proceeding has con-cluded, when it is too late. In addition, injured persons would not be entitled to any damages other than the just compensation they got at the time of the taking. All they could get is the psychic satisfaction they may receive from bankrupting their community after the fact. I would also point out that this bill is unnecessary, since more than 40 States have already moved aggressively to narrow their eminent domain laws in the 13 years since Kelo was decided. Finally, H.R. 1689 undermines fed-eralism, and it may raise constitu-tional concerns. Subject to the Takings Clause, local land use decisions are generally left to the judgments of State and local governments, which are in the best position to weigh local con-ditions and competing interests. This is the essence of federalism, and Con-gress should not be in the business of sitting as a national zoning board. Also, the loss of all economic fund-ing, even for projects that may have nothing to do with takings, is so draco-nian that it may amount to an uncon-stitutional coercion of State and local governments. Accordingly, I oppose this bill, and I would simply make two comments to amplify on what I said. If you want to stop improper takings, all right, but have a proper remedy. Allow the alleged victim of the im-proper taking to go to court, sue for an injunction to stop the improper taking, and get monetary damages, if any. That would be at least a reasonable remedy. Instead, this bill says that you can’t go to court to get an injunction; you can’t get damages. All you can do is wait until after the improper taking has occurred—you already lost your property—then you can go to court; and if the court finds you are right, that it was an improper use of the emi-nent domain procedure, then the gov-ernment will lose economic aid for 2 years. It doesn’t help the plaintiff. It doesn’t help the property owner. All it does is bankrupt the community. So what is the point? Second, as I mentioned before, this could injure communities that never do an improper taking because, if I am the mayor, I may not be able to float a bond lest somebody think that maybe my successor once or twice removed may, 20 years down the line or 10 years down the line, do an improper taking. And then the Federal Government would come in, stop all economic aid, and we wouldn’t be able to repay the bonds. So this would impair the ability of States or local governments to bond for projects. It wouldn’t help the vic-tim—there may even be no victim—but it would hurt the government. It makes no sense. This is a real problem. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there are two flaws in the gentleman’s argument. The first flaw, we ought to go back to why the Kelo case got to the Supreme Court. Mrs. Kelo owned a house. She didn’t want to sell it. What the city decided is that the public purpose that was served was by condemning the house and al-lowing an office building to be built so that the community could collect high-er property taxes because the office building would end up being assessed at a greater value than Mrs. Kelo’s house. Now, that was the so-called public pur-pose. The thing is, without this legislation, any property that could be taxed high-er if it were condemned and there were a replacement property that was put up could end up being condemned under the Kelo decision, and the homeowner would be out of luck and out of their house and have to find some more housing. The second complaint the gentleman from New York makes is that the pen-alties for violations are too severe. Well, you don’t change the activity of anybody if there are no penalties at all or the penalty is just a tap on the wrist. Just think of what would happen if we still had a law that said that ev-erybody had to stop at a red light, but there was never a fine or any points or any impact on one’s insurance policy because there was no moving vehicle violation. Good luck everybody in this country getting home from work to-night if that were the attitude toward traffic violations. There has to be some kind of a severe violation. If the city is concerned that they might be violating the terms of this bill, they can always go to court and ask that their condemnation action be withdrawn. Hopefully, the judge will grant it to be withdrawn with preju-dice, but at least it can be withdrawn. The city can stop this procedure any time they want to before there is an actual condemnation judgment that is entered by the court. This is designed to slow down and stop legislation when the sole public purpose is to collect more property taxes because there is a more expensive structure that is being built there. Both of these arguments, I think, do not have any merit whatsoever and that is why this bill ought to pass. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), and I ask unan-imous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I first comment, the gentleman from Wisconsin says that we object that the penalty is too se-vere. We do not object that the penalty is too severe. We object that the pen-alty is irrelevant, that the penalty won’t help the plaintiff. It won’t help to prevent the misuse, number one. And number two, it could be a plot that would have the practical effect, when there is no misuse, no taking at all, of having a deleterious effect on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.036 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6614 July 23, 2018 
the community’s bond rating, even when there is no taking. If you are going to do this bill and you want to narrow the definition of a public purpose, which is the purpose of the bill, I am not sure we can do that, given the fact that the Supreme Court has decided what it is. Assuming we could do that, fine, but have an appro-priate remedy, a remedy that would en-able the plaintiffs to get an injunction against the taking, that would give them monetary damages, which is the way we normally do things, not a rem-edy that will not prevent the taking and only will damage a community, whether or not it does any improper takings. That doesn’t make sense. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I want to ask the gentleman a couple of ques-tions, but I want to preface my ques-tions by saying I think that this is a terrible lost opportunity for serious, bipartisan legislation to address the problem of eminent domain abuse that has been taking place across the coun-try and has been for several decades. I recommend to everybody a report of the Cato Institute by David Boaz, which summarizes what is taking place around the country. One of the worst perpetrators of emi-nent domain abuse in the country is a business developer named Donald Trump. In the mid-1990s, he built the casino and the hotel in Atlantic City, but he wanted to evict a woman named Vera Coking, who was exactly in the same position as Mrs. Kelo would be in a decade later. She had lived in this Victorian house at the end of the boardwalk in Atlantic City for several decades, but Donald Trump wanted to build a VIP limo parking lot to go with the existing hotel. He offered her some money and she said: No, thank you. My family has lived in this house for a long time. We want to stay here. Our kids go to school here. He offered her a little bit more money and she said: No, it’s not for sale. We are going to stay here. So they created something called the Casino Reinvestment Development Au-thority, controlled by, essentially, the Trump Corporation, but they got the city to do it, and they tried to force her out. Luckily, the Cato Institute and some libertarian lawyers defended her rights. But the legislation that is being brought forward today by the Repub-licans now on a totally partisan basis would do nothing for people in the situ-ation of Mrs. Coking or Mrs. Kelo, be-cause it doesn’t give them any rights to sue. All it says is we are going to cut off money to government agencies. It would be like saying: Well, in a case like that, we will cut off money to every city and town in New Jersey, not just Atlantic City, but to Newark, New Jersey, and to Freehold, New Jersey. We are going to cut off money all over the State. It has got nothing to do with the ac-tual problem. It doesn’t help the people who are actually suffering under the problem of eminent domain abuse. If we want to help them, let’s give them a Federal right of action; or, if all you can do is cut off Federal money, cut off the particular city that is in-volved, but not every city or county that is receiving money under a Fed-eral program. Mr. NADLER made a point which I thought was really interesting, which is that this is a solution that doesn’t address the problem. If we want to save people from getting evicted from their homes under the Kelo decision, which President Trump applauded and said he supports 100 percent, but if we want to save people from policies under the Kelo decision, shouldn’t we give them rights rather than make some kind of Federal subsidy decision which is of constitutional question, in any event? Mr. NADLER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. RASKIN. I yield to the gen-tleman from New York. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I agree with the gentleman. The standard way in which someone can vindicate rights is to sue. If the local government wants to abuse the rights of a homeowner, let’s say, by an improper taking, the proper way for us to help is to give them the right to sue and to get in-junctive relief. Let them go into Fed-eral court and get an injunction which says: Do not tear down the building. Do not take away title. You can’t do it be-cause this is too broad a use of taking. It is a violation of the Fifth Amend-ment. This bill won’t actually help that person because it gives them no rights except the right after they have lost the property. It gives them the right to go to court and not get any relief for themselves, not get the property back, not get any monetary damages, not get an injunction. It gives them the right to go into court and seek to block fi-nancial aid to the community. So they can say, ‘‘I took revenge on the com-munity,’’ but what is the point? It doesn’t help them. Mr. RASKIN. Reclaiming my time, rather than giving actual rights to peo-ple in the position of Mrs. Kelo or Mrs. Coking, who is going to be forced out of her house in Atlantic City, this, in-stead, places a very broad burden on the government and in such a way that it, I think, renders the whole legisla-tion constitutionally suspect. Mr. Speaker, don’t we have constitu-tional decisions that say the govern-ment or Congress can’t go so far as to punish an entire State government for something that one municipality does? Doesn’t it seem like it is sort of going nuclear in order to get a mosquito? I yield to the gentleman from New York. b1600 Mr. NADLER. I think there are such decisions, and this would seem to vio-late them. Mr. RASKIN. Isn’t that what the Medicaid decision was all about? Mr. NADLER. Yes. The Medicaid de-cision said you cannot draft the local government to exercise a function for the Federal Government, which this would seem to do also. Mr. RASKIN. Doesn’t it also say that we can’t threaten to drive you out of the Medicaid program entirely because you refuse to accept one particular pro-gram that we want to impose upon you? Mr. NADLER. That is exactly what it said. Mr. RASKIN. Not only is this legisla-tion completely illusory in terms of not really helping people who have the problem, but it might just be struck down. Mr. Speaker, how can you cut off the people of Newark, New Jersey, or Free-hold, New Jersey, because of something that happens in Atlantic City, New Jersey? It doesn’t even help the people in Atlantic City, New Jersey, who are facing the problem with the big real es-tate developer who has bought up all the political power to try to drive somebody out of their home. Mr. NADLER. I agree with the gen-tleman. I think the gentleman from Maryland makes a very valid point. Mr. Speaker, for all these reasons, I oppose this bill. I would simply say: We agree there is a serious problem with abuse of eminent domain, and we agree there may very well be decent legisla-tion that would do something about the problem. If you are going to do it, draft legis-lation that really deals with the prob-lem, that is constitutional, that will protect the small person such as Mrs. Kelo but that won’t bankrupt the com-munity in a way that is probably un-constitutional anyway. This bill is not the solution. We could, on a bipartisan basis, work for an intelligent solution, but this is not it. Accordingly, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I urge the defeat of this legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have re-maining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 14 minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. First of all, the protection of private ownership of property is vital to indi-vidual freedom and national pros-perity. It is also one of the most funda-mental constitutional principles, as the Founders enshrined property rights protections throughout the Constitu-tion, including in the Fifth Amend-ment, which provides that private property shall not be taken for public use without just compensation. This clause created two conditions to the government taking private prop-erty: first, the subsequent use of the property must be for the use of the public and, second, that the govern-ment must pay the owner just com-pensation for the property. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.037 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6615 July 23, 2018 
However, more than a decade ago the Supreme Court, in the 5–4 Kelo v. City of New London decision, expanded the ability of State and local governments to exercise eminent domain powers be-yond what is allowed by the text of the Constitution, by allowing government to seize property under the vague guise of economic development, even when the public use turns out to be nothing more than the generation of tax reve-nues by another private party after the government takes property from pri-vate individuals and gives it to another private entity. As the dissenting Justices observed, by defining public use so expansively, the result of the Kelo decision is, effec-tively, to delete the words ‘‘for public use’’ from the Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment. The specter of con-demnation hangs over all property. The government now has license to transfer property from those with few resources to those with more. The Founders can-not have intended this perverse result. In the wake of this decision, State and local governments can use eminent domain powers to take the property of any individual for nearly any reason. Cities may now bulldoze citizens’ homes, farms, churches, and small businesses to make way for shopping malls or other developments. To help prevent such abuse, using Congress’ constitutional legislative powers, it is important Congress fi-nally passes the Private Property Rights Protection Act. I want to thank Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER  for reintroducing this legislation. He and I have worked together on this issue for many years, and I am pleased that this legislation incorporates many provisions from legislation I helped to introduce in the 109th Congress, the STOPP Act. Specifically, the Private Property Rights Protection Act would prohibit State and local governments from re-ceiving Federal economic development funds for 2 years when they use eco-nomic development as a justification for taking property from one person and giving it to another private entity. In addition, this legislation grants adversely affected landowners the right to use appropriate legal remedies to enforce the provisions of the bill and allows State and local governments to cure violations by giving the property back to the original owner. The bill also includes a carefully crafted definition of economic develop-ment that protects traditional uses of eminent domain, such as taking land for public uses like roads and pipelines, while prohibiting abuses of the emi-nent domain power. No one should have to live in fear of the government’s taking their home, farm, or business simply to give it to a wealthier person or corporation. As the Institute for Justice’s witness observed during a hearing on this bill, using eminent domain so that another richer, better-connected person may live or work on the land you used to own tells Americans that their hopes, dreams, and hard work do not matter as much as money and political influence. The use of eminent domain for private de-velopment has no place in a country built on traditions of independence, hard work, and protection of property rights. This legislation has passed the House three times previously, either by voice vote or with the support of at least 80 percent of House Members in an over-whelmingly bipartisan vote, only to be stalled in the Senate. But the fight for people’s homes continues, as will this committee’s efforts to protect Federal taxpayers from any involvement in eminent domain abuse. Just a few years ago, every single Re-publican Member voted for the very same legislation on the House floor, as did two-thirds of Democratic Members. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this overwhelmingly bipartisan effort. I want to respond to some of the issues raised by the gentleman from New York and the gentleman from Maryland. Pursuant to Congress’ pow-ers under the Constitution’s Spending Clause, the Private Property Rights Protection Act conditions the receipt of Federal economic development funds on State and local governments agree-ing not to use eminent domain for pri-vate economic development takings. Federal law currently permits ex-pending Federal funds to support the use of eminent domain for these abu-sive takings. In our current economy, and with the Federal Government run-ning deficits every year, Congress should not be spending American tax-payers’ scarce economic development funds to support State and local gov-ernments that unconstitutionally de-prive hardworking Americans of their homes, farms, and small businesses. By conditioning the receipt of Fed-eral economic development funds on State and local governments agreeing not to take property for commercial development, this provision in the bill ends the Federal Government’s complicit support of eminent domain abuse. The enforcement provisions in the base bill are comprehensive, and they include all manner of relief from pre-liminary injunctions and temporary re-straining orders, to the awarding of at-torney’s fees, to the ability of the State or locality to return or replace the property to avoid the penalties under the bill. Even those comprehen-sive enforcement mechanisms, on their own, are not enough. We must end Fed-eral monetary support for economic de-velopment takings. If State governments retain control over eminent domain decisions, then, of course, those States should be held responsible for the State’s own actions. But in Virginia, my State, local gov-ernments are not allowed to condemn property for economic development purposes. In Virginia, the so-called Dil-lon Rule provides that localities can act only in areas in which the State general assembly has granted clear au-thority. So, in Virginia, local governments have only the authorities granted to them by the General Assembly, and the Virginia General Assembly has empow-ered local governments in Virginia to condemn property for roads, schools, and other public uses, but local govern-ments do not have the right to con-demn property for economic develop-ment. In fact, back in 2000, Virginia Beach city government tried to condemn pri-vate property on the oceanfront to help a Hilton hotel build a parking garage, but Circuit Court Judge H. Thomas Padrick, Jr., ruled that Virginia Beach could not use eminent domain for that purpose, finding that the legislature did not intend to allow a city to con-demn property solely for its economic benefit and development. Indeed, after the Supreme Court handed down its notorious decision in the Kelo case, a spokeswoman for the Virginia attorney general said the fol-lowing: As per the constitution of Virginia, public use in eminent domain is defined by the gen-eral assembly. There is no proviso in our constitution to use eminent domain for eco-nomic development. 
As a result of the Kelo decision, this bill won’t have an impact on Virginia. Finally, regarding Representative R
ASKIN ’s comments about how the bill relates to the Supreme Court’s NFIB v. Sebelius case, the ObamaCare case, the bill, as currently drafted, would cer-tainly not run afoul of anything in it for several reasons. The court made clear in the case that Congress may attach appropriate con-ditions to Federal taxing and spending programs to preserve its control over the use of Federal funds. That is what the bill does: deny the use of Federal economic development funds to juris-dictions that have demonstrated their willingness to abuse eminent domain and thereby demonstrated their will-ingness to use Federal funds to further future abuses of eminent domain if al-lowed to do so. The court went on to cite the South Dakota v. Dole case, in which a Federal law threatened to withhold 5 percent of a State’s Federal Highway Fund if the State did not raise its drinking age to 21. The court found that the condition was directly related to one of the main purposes for which highway funds are expended: safe interstate travel. In the same way, the bill’s restric-tions are directly related to one of the main purposes for which Congress should intend Federal economic devel-opment funds to be expended: economic development that does not infringe on the property rights of individual prop-erty owners. The court pointed out that, in the South Dakota v. Dole case, the Federal funds at stake constituted less than one-half of 1 percent of South Dakota’s budget at the time; whereas, the poten-tial loss of funds at issue in NFIB v. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.039 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6616 July 23, 2018 
Sebelius were such that Medicaid spending accounts were over 20 percent of the average State’s total budget. No one is claiming that Federal eco-nomic development funds, however de-fined, would constitute anything near 20 percent of a State’s total budget. In NFIB v. Sebelius, the court also cited the Pennhurst v. Halderman case and characterized its holdings as, though Congress’ power to legislate under the Spending Clause is broad, it does not include surprising partici-pating States with post-acceptance or retroactive conditions. That, of course, is not the case with the bill, which applies its prohibition upon the receipt of Federal economic development funds only after a State had been found by a court, in a final judgment on the merits, to have vio-lated the act. Finally, not only is it implausible that the bill would ever run afoul of Supreme Court precedent due to the relatively small size of Federal eco-nomic development funds in the con-text of a State or a locality’s entire an-nual budget; the bill contains a further safety valve in that it gives the attor-ney general the discretion to promul-gate precisely which Federal funding streams are Federal economic develop-ment funds under the bill. So, if a con-stitutional issue ever arose, the attor-ney general could simply scale back the size of its promulgated list accord-ingly. It seems to me it can’t be claimed this bill is unconstitutional under any reasonable reading of any existing Su-preme Court precedent. Regarding federalism values gen-erally, the key point is that there actu-ally is a very close nexus between Fed-eral development funding and eminent domain, even if the funding is not used on eminent domain projects. Money is fungible, of course. If the bill were amended to disallow only the use of Federal economic development funds on eminent domain projects, it would be very easy for an offending ju-risdiction to game the system by artifi-cially segmenting a project into parts that use eminent domain and parts that don’t. That segmentation would happen both vertically, by dividing a project into stages, and horizontally, by dividing a single project into very small geographic segments. The entirely appropriate federalism message the base bill sends to States and localities is that, if you are going to do economic development but abuse eminent domain, that is fine, but you will be on your own for a while and go without Federal taxpayer complicity in your abuse of eminent domain. Mr. Speaker, this is good legislation. The concerns addressed by the minor-ity are addressed clearly in this legis-lation. There is strong bipartisan sup-port for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this and, once again, send it to the United States Sen-ate, where we can only hope that they will someday see the wisdom of pro-tecting the constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1689. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANTI-TERRORISM CLARIFICATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5954) to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5954 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Anti-Ter-rorism Clarification Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION OF THE TERM ‘‘ACT OF WAR’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2331 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) the term ‘military force’ does not in-clude any person that— ‘‘(A) has been designated as a— ‘‘(i) foreign terrorist organization by the Secretary of State under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or ‘‘(ii) specially designated global terrorist (as such term is defined in section 594.310 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations) by the Secretary of State or the Secretary of the Treasury; or ‘‘(B) has been determined by the court to not be a ‘military force’.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any civil ac-tion pending on or commenced after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. SATISFACTION OF JUDGMENTS AGAINST TERRORISTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2333 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting at the end following: ‘‘(e) U
SE OF BLOCKED ASSETS TOSATISFY  J
UDGMENTS OF U.S. N ATIONALS .—For pur- poses of section 201 of the Terrorism Risk In-surance Act of 2002 (28 U.S.C. 1610 note), in any action in which a national of the United States has obtained a judgment against a terrorist party pursuant to this section, the term ‘blocked asset’ shall include any asset of that terrorist party (including the blocked assets of any agency or instrumentality of that party) seized or frozen by the United States under section 805(b) of the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (21 U.S.C. 1904(b)).’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any judgment entered before, on, or after the date of enact-ment of this Act. SEC. 4. CONSENT OF CERTAIN PARTIES TO PER-SONAL JURISDICTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2334 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
ONSENT OF CERTAIN PARTIES TO PER-
SONAL JURISDICTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), for purposes of any civil ac-tion under section 2333 of this title, a defend-ant shall be deemed to have consented to personal jurisdiction in such civil action if, regardless of the date of the occurrence of the act of international terrorism upon which such civil action was filed, the defend-ant— ‘‘(A) after the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, ac-cepts— ‘‘(i) any form of assistance, however pro-vided, under chapter 4 of part II of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2346 et seq.); ‘‘(ii) any form of assistance, however pro-vided, under section 481 of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291) for inter-national narcotics control and law enforce-ment; or ‘‘(iii) any form of assistance, however pro-vided, under chapter 9 of part II of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2349bb et seq.); or ‘‘(B) in the case of a defendant benefiting from a waiver or suspension of section 1003 of the Anti-Terrorism Act of 1987 (22 U.S.C. 5202) after the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(i) continues to maintain any office, headquarters, premises, or other facilities or establishments within the jurisdiction of the United States; or ‘‘(ii) establishes or procures any office, headquarters, premises, or other facilities or establishments within the jurisdiction of the United States. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any defendant who ceases to en-gage in the conduct described in paragraphs (1)(A) and (1)(B) for 5 consecutive calendar years.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. b1615 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on H.R. 5954, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, Congress enacted the Anti-Terrorism Act of 1992 in order to help combat international terrorism and to provide some level of financial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.040 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6617 July 23, 2018 
justice to American victims of ter-rorism. The 1992 act added a civil rem-edy to the ATA’s existing criminal re-gime, removing jurisdictional hurdles that often confounded terrorism vic-tims’ ability to get their day in court. The act has been largely successful. However, from time to time, the 1992 act has also needed modifications to ensure that it is fully serving its pur-poses. For instance, just last Congress, in the Justice Against Sponsors of Ter-rorism Act, I helped lead the charge in the House to amend the civil liability provision to make sure that those who aid and abet or conspire with foreign terrorist organizations are liable under the ATA. In addition, in 2012, the Judiciary Committee worked to lengthen the statute of limitations on civil ATA claims to provide victims with the time they need to file these often com-plex lawsuits. The bill we are considering today, the Anti-terrorism Clarification Act, builds on these previous technical amendments to the ATA. It makes three needed improvements in order to better ensure that victims of inter-national terrorism can obtain justice in U.S. courts against terrorists and their supporters. First, the bill clarifies the ATA’s act of war exception. Defendants accused of aiding and abetting acts of inter-national terrorism have been attempt-ing to use this exception as a means of avoiding civil liability, even in cases in which the plaintiffs’ injuries were caused by the actions of designated ter-rorist groups. For example, in Kaplan v. Central Bank of Iran, the defendant financial institution successfully argued that rocket attacks against civilians car-ried out by Hezbollah, a designated for-eign terrorist organization, were acts of war and, thus, outside the scope of the ATA’s civil liability provisions. The act of war exception should not be a liability shield for those who aid or abet attacks carried out by des-ignated terrorist organizations. This legislation amends the defini-tion of ‘‘act of war’’ in the ATA to clar-ify that the exception does not apply to U.S. Government-designated foreign terrorist organizations or specially des-ignated global terrorists. Second, at the urging of Representa-tive P
OSEY , the author of the CAPTIVE Act, we included language in the bill to strengthen the ATA’s civil enforce-ment regime by permitting victims of narcoterrorism to satisfy their court- awarded judgments with the assets of foreign narcotics drug kingpins. Assets blocked by the Federal Government under the Kingpin Designation Act are not currently available to victims, leaving victims of the FARC and other narcoterrorists without a meaningful method of getting compensation for their injuries. Finally, this legislation addresses re-cent Federal court decisions that have called into question the continued abil-ity of victims to bring terrorists and their supporters to justice under the ATA’s civil liability regime. The ATA was specifically designed to provide extraterritorial jurisdiction over terrorists who attack U.S. nation-als overseas. However, these recent cases have severely limited the extraterritorial scope of the ATA. The Anti-terrorism Clarification Act amends the jurisdiction and venue sec-tion of the ATA to make clear that de-fendants who take advantage of certain benefits provided by the U.S. Govern-ment shall be deemed to have con-sented to personal jurisdiction in U.S. courts in ATA civil actions. No defend-ant should be able to accept U.S. for-eign assistance while simultaneously dodging responsibility in U.S. courts for supporting or carrying out terrorist attacks that harm Americans. I want to thank Ranking Member NADLER , along with Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman G
RASSLEY and Senate Commerce, Science, and Trans-portation Committee Ranking Member N
ELSON for joining me in introducing this bicameral and bipartisan bill. I urge my colleagues to support us in passing this legislation to clarify ambi-guities in the ATA that terrorist spon-sors have exploited to evade liability so that we can help ensure that Ameri-cans are able to hold terrorists and their supporters accountable. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5954, the Anti-terrorism Clarification Act of 2018. This bipartisan bill, of which I am proud to be the lead Demo-cratic sponsor, amends the Anti-Ter-rorism Act, or ATA, to make it easier for American victims of international terrorism to have their day in court, to obtain some measure of justice for their injuries, and to hold terrorists ac-countable for their heinous acts. The ATA provides that U.S. nation-als, or their survivors or heirs, may re-cover treble damages and attorney’s fees and costs for any civil action aris-ing from an injury sustained by an act of international terrorism. H.R. 5954 seeks to minimize certain procedural obstacles that ATA plain-tiffs have encountered in their at-tempts to obtain full relief for their in-juries. For example, the ATA contains an exception for injuries caused by an ‘‘act of war,’’ which it defines, in rel-evant part, as including ‘‘armed con-flict between military forces of any or-igin.’’ Unfortunately, this ambiguous statu-tory language has led to considerable confusion among Federal courts as to the proper scope of the act of war ex-ception, and even as to the proper kind of analysis to apply when the armed conflict at issue involves a terrorist group such as Hamas or Hezbollah. For example, in one case, the court found that the act of war exception prevented U.S. civilians injured by Hezbollah rocket attacks into Israel from pursuing their claims under the ATA. Yet, in another case, a different court concluded that gunshots fired into Israel by Hamas that resulted in injury to a U.S. civilian did not con-stitute an act of war and, therefore, was compensable. H.R. 5954 resolves this confusion by specifying, among other things, that a foreign terrorist organization or a spe-cially designated global terrorist, as designated by the executive branch, is not a ‘‘military force’’ and, therefore, is subject to ATA liability. This change makes it clear that vio-lent actions targeted at U.S. civilians by a terrorist group are acts of ter-rorism that could give rise to liability under the ATA. Indeed, to read the act of war exception otherwise, as some courts have done, threatens to under-mine the ATA’s entire purpose. Even if victims successfully obtain a judgment under the ATA, many plain-tiffs find it impossible to obtain full compensation for their injuries because there are not sufficient assets available to satisfy the judgment. This bill would address that problem as well. Under current law, terrorism victims can reach assets blocked pursuant to the Trading with the Enemy Act or the International Emergency Economic Powers Act to satisfy terrorism-related court judgments. This bill would sim-ply allow terrorism victims also to at-tach assets that have been blocked pur-suant to the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act. The final hurdle to bringing ATA claims that this bill helps overcome is an overly narrow reading of personal jurisdiction that some courts have ap-plied, which has prevented some vic-tims from bringing those responsible for their injuries to justice. Most recently, this occurred in the Second Circuit’s misguided decision in Sokolow v. PLO. In Sokolow, several plaintiffs, including Morris and Eva Waldman, two of my constituents, sought relief under the ATA for inju-ries sustained as a result of various terrorist attacks in Israel that killed or injured U.S. citizens. Although a district court awarded the plaintiffs $655 million in damages, the Second Circuit reversed, wrongly concluding, in my view, that the dis-trict court lacked personal jurisdiction over the defendants in that case; name-ly, the Palestinian Liberation Organi-zation and the Palestinian Authority. The court reasoned that the defend-ants’ contacts, including maintaining offices in Washington and New York and the activities associated with those offices, were insufficient to sup-port personal jurisdiction. This bill responds to the Second Cir-cuit’s decision by deeming a party to have consented to personal jurisdiction if the party accepts foreign assistance of any kind from the United States be-ginning 120 days after the bill’s enact-ment date. In the case of the PLO, or affiliated entities, it would also deem 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.044 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6618 July 23, 2018 
consent if the defendant maintains an office in the U.S. jurisdiction 120 days or more after the enactment date. By undertaking one of these acts, a poten-tial defendant is sufficiently on notice that it is consenting to personal juris-diction in an ATA case. My support for H.R. 5954 is part of my longstanding efforts to secure a meas-ure of justice for terrorism victims, in-cluding leading House efforts to reau-thorize the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund. I was also the lead House Demo-cratic sponsor of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, which helped ensure that 9/11 victims and other victims of terrorism on American soil can bring their claims in court, re-gardless of where the foreign conduct occurred. This bill is a natural exten-sion of those efforts. For these reasons, I support this im-portant bipartisan measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ), who has been a real champion in protecting the rights of the victims of terrorism. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend Chairman G
OODLATTE for introducing this legislation. Mr. Speaker, this bill we are consid-ering is, obviously, as you heard from both sides, a great piece of legislation that will ensure American victims of international terrorism can obtain jus-tice in U.S. courts by holding account-able those who commit, aid, or abet terrorist activity abroad. I have long been fighting for victims of terrorism. In fact, in 2014, I intro-duced legislation that would allow vic-tims of narcoterrorism to recover court-awarded damages. A version of the bill, known as the CAPTIVE Act, passed the House by unanimous con-sent in 2016. I am ecstatic that we have a bill that seeks to help a number of victims, in-cluding those I have been fighting for since 2014. On February 13, 2003, four Americans who were Department of Defense con-tractors on a U.S. Government coun-ternarcotics flight mission in Colombia were shot down by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, also known as FARC. It is a violent guerilla gang heavily involved in narcotics traf-ficking. The pilot, Tom Janis, who was imme-diately executed by the terrorists, and three Floridians, Keith Stansell, Mark Gonsalves, and Tom Howes, who is my constituent, were kidnapped, held hos-tage in the jungle, and tortured for more than 5
1⁄2years until they were rescued by the Colombian army. These heroes are seeking long-deserved jus-tice for themselves and their families against those who carried out unthink-able acts of violence. Today, victims cannot access frozen assets under the Kingpin Act. The bill before us, the Anti-terrorism Clarifica-tion Act, would change that by finally closing the loophole to allow these former hostages and the family of the slain pilot access to the assets of nar-cotics-trafficking partners of the for-eign terrorist organization FARC and other organizations that are frozen under the Kingpin Act. We owe it to these brave Americans and others, and their families, to make them whole again. Mr. Speaker, it is a simple piece of legislation. It would make it easier for all victims of narcoterrorism to re-cover court-awarded damages. I urge support. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, although nothing can ever bring back the lives lost to ter-rorism or repair the emotional scars of the survivors, terrorism victims de-serve the chance to achieve some jus-tice through our courts. Congress’ pur-pose in passing the ATA was to give them that chance. I believe H.R. 5954 will help further that purpose by addressing procedural barriers that have unfairly stood in their way. In closing, I thank Judiciary Com-mittee Chairman BOBGOODLATTE for his leadership on this important meas-ure. I strongly support H.R. 5954, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5954, the Anti-Terrorism Clari-fication Act of 2018, which amends title 18 of the United States Code to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is vital that we correctly clas-sify terrorist activities. H.R. 5954 (1) clarifies ambiguities in the Anti-terrorism Act of 1992 (ATA’s) ‘‘act of war’’ exception that allow designated foreign terror-ists and their supporters to avoid liability; (2) closes a loophole that prevents victims of narco-terrorism from enforcing their judgments against terrorist assets that have been blocked by the Treasury Department; and (3) address-es lower court decisions that have allowed en-tities that sponsor terrorist activity against U.S. nationals overseas to avoid the jurisdiction of U.S. courts. This will amend the Anti-Terrorism Act (ATA) to make it easier for plaintiffs to pursue claims under that statute. H.R. 5954 has three principal provisions. First, it would clarify and narrow the ‘‘act of war’’ exception to liability under the ATA. Second, the bill would provide that ATA plaintiffs may reach the assets of a defendant That have been blocked pursuant to the For-eign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act to sat-isfy an ATA judgment. Third, H.R. 5954 would establish that for purposes of any ATA civil action, a defendant is ‘‘deemed to have consented’’ to personal ju-risdiction in such civil action regardless of when the act of international terrorism at issue took place if the defendant accepted U.S. for-eign assistance funds or, in certain cir-cumstances, the defendant maintains an office or other facilities within U.S. jurisdiction. H.R. 5954 legislation is necessary to allow injured persons to pursue their claims and I offer my support. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5954. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5954, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1630 FOUNDATION OF THE FEDERAL BAR ASSOCIATION CHARTER AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4100) to amend title 36, United States Code, to revise the Fed-eral charter for the Foundation of the Federal Bar Association. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4100 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foundation of the Federal Bar Association Charter Amendments Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION. 
Section 70501 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (b) and redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b). 
SEC. 3. MEMBERSHIP. 
Section 70503 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) E
LIGIBILITY .—Except as provided in this chapter, eligibility for membership in the corporation and the rights and privileges of members are as provided in the bylaws.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b); and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) N
ONDISCRIMINATION .—The terms of membership may not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, or national origin.’’. 
SEC. 4. GOVERNING BODY. 
Section 70504 of title 36, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70504. Governing body ‘‘(a) B
OARD OF DIRECTORS .—The board of di-rectors is the governing body of the corpora-tion. The board may exercise, or provide for the exercise of, the powers of the corpora-tion. The board of directors and the respon-sibilities of the board are as provided in the bylaws. ‘‘(b) O
FFICERS .—The officers and the elec-tion of the officers are as provided for in the bylaws. ‘‘(c) N
ONDISCRIMINATION .—The require-ments for serving as a director or officer may not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, or national origin.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.045 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6619 July 23, 2018 
SEC. 5. RESTRICTIONS. 
Section 70507 of title 36, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70507. Restrictions ‘‘(a) S
TOCK AND DIVIDENDS .—The corpora-tion may not issue stock or declare or pay a dividend. ‘‘(b) P
OLITICAL ACTIVITIES .—The corpora-tion or a director or officer in his or her cor-porate capacity may not contribute to, sup-port, or participate in any political activity or in any manner attempt to influence legis-lation. ‘‘(c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF INCOME OR ASSETS .— The income or assets of the corporation may not inure to the benefit of, or be distributed to, a director, officer, or member during the life of the charter granted by this chapter. This subsection does not prevent the pay-ment, in amounts approved by the board of directors, of— ‘‘(1) reasonable compensation; or ‘‘(2) reimbursement for expenses incurred in undertaking the corporation’s business, to officers, directors, or members. This subsection does not prevent the award of a grant to a Federal Bar Association chap-ter of which an officer, director, member may be a member. This subsection also does not prevent the payment of reasonable com-pensation to the corporation’s employees for services undertaken on behalf of the corpora-tion. ‘‘(d) L
OANS .—The corporation may not make a loan to a director, officer, member, or employee. ‘‘(e) I
MMUNITY FROM LIABILITY .—Members and private individuals are not liable for the obligations of the corporation. ‘‘(f) C
LAIM OF GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL OR  A
UTHORITY .—The corporation may not claim congressional approval or the authority of the United States Government for any of its activities; it may, however, acknowledge this charter.’’. 
SEC. 6. PRINCIPAL OFFICE. 
Section 70508 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the District of Columbia,’’ and inserting ‘‘a United States location decided by the board of directors and specified in the bylaws,’’. 
SEC. 7. SERVICE OF PROCESS. 
Section 70510 of title 36, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70510. Service of process ‘‘The corporation shall comply with the law on service of process of the State or Dis-trict in which it is incorporated.’’. 
SEC. 8. DEPOSIT OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION OR FINAL LIQUIDATION. 
Section 70512 of title 36, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70512. Deposit of assets on dissolution or final liquidation ‘‘On dissolution or final liquidation of the corporation, any assets of the corporation remaining after the discharge of all liabil-ities shall be distributed as provided by the board of directors, but in compliance with the charter and bylaws.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4100, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the mission of the Fed-eral Bar Association is to ‘‘strengthen the Federal legal system and adminis-tration of justice by serving the inter-ests and the needs of the Federal prac-titioner, both public and private, the Federal judiciary, and the public they serve.’’ The Federal Bar Association’s mem-bership includes more than 18,000 Fed-eral lawyers, including 1,500 Federal judges, who, as the Association states, ‘‘work together to promote the sound administration of justice and integrity, quality, and independence of the judici-ary.’’ The FBA received a Federal charter in 1954. STEVE CHABOT has introduced H.R. 4100, the Foundation of the Fed-eral Bar Association Charter Amend-ments Act. The Foundation wrote to the Judiciary Committee stating that: 
We wholeheartedly endorse H.R. 4100, which would provide for technical changes to the Federal charter of the Foundation of the Federal Bar Association. . . . The technical amendments embodied in H.R. 4100 will pro-vide reasonable and necessary flexibility to the Foundation to assist in the governance and management of the Foundation’s affairs. Under the legislation, the mission of the Foundation of the Federal Bar Association will remain unchanged in the promotion and support of legal research and education con-cerning the Federal administration of jus-tice, the advancement of the science of juris-prudence, and the fostering of improvements in the practice of Federal law. . . . Since 1954, and especially over the past two dec-ades, the Foundation has devoted significant effort toward the enlargement of its edu-cational and charitable programs, including the creation of a fellows program, support of academic and legal scholarship, creation of donor advised funds, establishment of assist-ance funds for the victims of terrorism and natural disasters, creation of scholarship programs for law students and the children of Federal attorneys, and grant assistance for Federal Bar Association chapters con-ducting pro bono and other community serv-ice projects. . . . These wide-ranging efforts have been successful, but also have exposed the limitations of the Foundation’s 1954 charter, particularly with respect to eligi-bility for membership and governance of the Foundation. . . . The technical corrections . . . would address these concerns and pro-vide greater flexibility to the Foundation in a fashion similar to the authority and privi-leges enjoyed by other . . . organizations fed-erally chartered by Congress. . . . 
The bill, among other things, allows the Foundation to have its principal of-fice outside of the District of Colum-bia, gives its board of directors more leeway in meeting its responsibilities, and adds a nondiscrimination clause. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4100, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4100, the Founda-tion of the Federal Bar Association Charter Amendments Act of 2017, pro-vides the Federal Bar Association, FBA, with the organizational flexi-bility it needs to fully meet its con-temporary mission, and I support it. The original 1954 charter created a framework that has effectively served FBA for the last six decades. During these years, the Foundation has strengthened Federal jurisprudence, advanced legal education, and pro-moted effective legal practice. The organization’s initiatives have also directly improved the lives of our people. For example, one of its commu-nity outreach programs, the Wills for Veterans Initiative, is a pro bono project where FBA chapters provide will drafting and signing services for veterans in their communities. I know a number of my constituents who par-ticipate have very much enjoyed work-ing on this project. Another initiative establishes a mentorship program for law school students to work with expe-rienced attorneys. The current FBA charter must be amended to allow the organization greater flexibility of operation and growth. For example, the existing charter codifies strict membership and governance requirements that con-strain member development and nim-ble governance of the organization. This rigidity presents serious chal-lenges as the organization seeks to ex-pand its critical charitable and edu-cational initiatives. H.R. 4100 makes technical fixes to the FBA charter that will give the FBA the needed flexibility. For instance, in the place of legislatively fixed membership criteria, it permits the FBA to proactively establish and update mem-bership criteria through the bylaws process. Similar provisions authorize enhanced flexibility in the composition and duties of the members of the board of directors. In general, this measure would en-able the FBA to swiftly meet its orga-nizational needs and overcome the challenges of the times. I want to note, for the RECORD , that while the language of the bill’s pro-posed nondiscrimination provision pro-hibits discrimination on the basis of, among other things, sex and sexual ori-entation, it does not explicitly prohibit discrimination on the basis of gender identity, as most of the new anti-discrimination legislation does. While the prohibition on discrimina-tion on the basis of sex already covers gender identity discrimination, the FBA’s current diversity statement ex-pressly states that the FBA should not exclude persons based on gender iden-tity. In light of this, and because it should be made clear that everyone is pro-tected against invidious discrimina-tion, I hope that when the Senate takes up our measure, it will explicitly clarify that this language includes pro-tection against discrimination on the basis of gender identity. I know that Congressman C
ICILLINE of Rhode Island wants to address this point as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.018 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6620 July 23, 2018 
I believe that H.R. 4100 will help the FBA to flourish for many decades to come. I strongly support this bill. I look forward to the FBA’s continued positive involvement in our Nation’s legal system, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), chairman of the Small Business Com-mittee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue and for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of a bill that I introduced, H.R. 4100, which, put simply, helps support those Federal attorneys who prosecute major drug traffickers, white collar crimi-nals, and other Federal crimes, and the judges who preside over those cases in our Federal courts. The Federal Bar Association was founded back in 1920 and charted by Congress in 1954. However, in the near-ly 64 years of its existence, its charter has never been amended. As a former educator, attorney, and current senior member of the Judiciary Committee, I would note the important work that the Federal Bar Association does to bring civics education to class-rooms in my State of Ohio, and they bring that same expertise to other areas all across the country. Without legislation like H.R. 4100, it takes an act of Congress to even allow the Federal Bar Association to make simple changes to their bylaws. More specifically, this legislation gives the association the authority to choose the location of its principal office, restricts its officers from engaging in political activity, and makes other technical changes to conform to commonly used language and other things. This legislation provides the Federal Bar Association the continued ability to support legal research, pro bono, and community projects; continue to edu-cate grade schoolchildren on the Fed-eral judiciary system; and improve the practice of Federal law in our Federal courtrooms all across America. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank the chairman, Chairman G
OODLATTE , for his leadership in helping to bring this very important legislation to the floor for consideration, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about H.R. 4100. The Federal Bar Association is the Nation’s premier association for practi-tioners in Federal courts and, as such, should, of course, be open to all, re-gardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. Currently, the FBA recognizes the importance of nondiscrimination and has adopted a diversity statement that includes race, gender, ethnicity, na-tional origin, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, and gender iden-tity. Diversity statements are valuable, but they do not carry the weight of law. The addition of a nondiscrimina-tion provision to the FBA charter is an important action, but it is really un-fortunate that my Republican col-leagues have excluded gender identity as an enumerated protected char-acteristic in the law. I am not sure if they are pandering to the most ex-tremes in their party or to their polit-ical base, but it is wrong. Gender identity is an individual’s personal and internal identification as a man, a woman, neither, or both. For transgender people, their gender iden-tity may not match their biological or legal sex. Despite the efforts to exclude gender identity from H.R. 4100, transgender people will be protected from discrimination under Federal law. Discrimination on the basis of gender identity is a form of sex discrimina-tion. Laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sex protect transgender people. Numerous Federal circuit and dis-trict court opinions have held that our Nation’s nondiscrimination laws that prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex protect transgender people from discrimination. That includes title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission determined in Macy v. Holder that title VII’s prohibitions on sex discrimination also prohibit dis-crimination on the basis of gender identity. This decision is binding on the Federal Government with respect to employment practices. While gender identity will be covered by the sex nondiscrimination provi-sion, it is better to enumerate gender identity. Our laws work best when there are clear expectations. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Listing out pro-tected characteristics helps those mak-ing determinations about membership understand their obligations, and helps those seeking membership understand their rights. There is no reason to refuse to include gender identity as a protected characteristic. While I do not oppose H.R. 4100, I hope that we can continue to discuss and take into account the issues that impact the lives of LGBTI individuals and will work toward a charter that protects everyone from discrimination. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, given that the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals has determined that title VII sex discrimi-nation includes discrimination against people based on their gender identity, it seems somewhat petty and churlish to exclude those words from the lan-guage of this charter. I hope that this will be corrected when the legislation goes through. Otherwise, I consider this a very fine bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this leg-islation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4100. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
KNOWLEDGEABLE INNOVATORS AND WORTHY INVESTORS ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2245) to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nation-als are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 non-immigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Govern-ment of New Zealand. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2245 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Knowledge-able Innovators and Worthy Investors Act’’ or the ‘‘KIWI Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NONIMMIGRANT TRADERS AND INVES-TORS. 
For purposes of clauses (i) and (ii) of sec-tion 101(a)(15)(E) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(E)), New Zealand shall be considered to be a foreign state described in such section if the Govern-ment of New Zealand provides similar non-immigrant status to nationals of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on S. 2245, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.050 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6621 July 23, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, E–1 visas are non-immigrant visas available for treaty traders, and E–2 visas are available for treaty investors. Pursuant to the Immigration and Na-tionality Act, these visas are available to aliens who are ‘‘entitled to enter the United States under and in pursuance of the provisions of a treaty of com-merce and navigation between the United States and the foreign state of which he is a national, and their spouse and children . . . solely to either carry on substantial trade, including trade in services or trade in technology, prin-cipally between the United States and the foreign state of which he is a na-tional, or to develop and direct the op-erations of an enterprise in which he has invested . . . a substantial amount of capital. . . . ’’ Alien employees of treaty traders and treaty investors may receive visas if they are coming to the United States ‘‘to engage in duties of an executive or supervisory character, or, if employed in a lesser capacity, if they have spe-cial qualifications that make the serv-ices to be rendered essential to the effi-cient operation of the enterprise.’’ There are no numerical caps on E–1 or E–2 visas. Aliens may be admitted initially for a period of 2 years and can apply for extensions in 2-year incre-ments. The United States has entered into treaties of commerce since at least 1815, when we entered into a Conven-tion to Regulate Commerce with the United Kingdom. b1645 Currently, the nationals of 83 coun-tries are eligible for E–1 or E–2 status. In fiscal year 2017, in total, about 50,000 E–1 and E–2 visas were issued. In the past, countries became eligible for the E–1 and E–2 programs through treaties signed with the United States. However, in 2003, the Judiciary Com-mittee reached an understanding with the U.S. Trade Representative that no immigration provisions were to be in-cluded in future trade agreements. Henceforth, legislation would be re-quired to add countries. The bill we are considering today, S. 2245, makes New Zealand nationals eli-gible for E–1 and E–2 visas. I want to thank Mr. I
SSAfor all of his work on this issue, and for introducing com-panion legislation in the House. I am also appreciative of the Embassy of New Zealand for seeking E visa status in the right way. I urge my colleagues to support S. 2245, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. S. 2245, the Knowledgeable Innovators and Worthy Investors Act, or KIWI Act, is bipartisan legislation to allow citizens of New Zealand to participate, along with the people of more than 80 other countries, in the E– 1 and E–2 visa programs for treaty traders and treaty investors, so long as New Zealand provides the same recip-rocal treatment to citizens of the United States. I favor this commonsense bill that will facilitate trade by making it easi-er for New Zealanders to invest here and will lead to the creation of new jobs in the United States. The E–1 treaty trader program pro-vides temporary visas to employees of firms engaged in substantial trade with our country. The E–2 treaty investor program provides temporary visas to foreign investors who make substantial investments in American enterprise. These visas help increase trade with and direct investments in the U.S. More than 80 countries already partici-pate in the programs, including almost all of our democratic allies and trading partners. Yet New Zealand, one our closest and dearest allies, is not on the list. There are already many New Zealand companies in the U.S., just as there are many of our companies in New Zea-land. In 2016, our two countries engaged in approximately $12 billion of bilat-eral trade in goods and services; and the U.S. is already the second most popular destination for New Zealand foreign investment, accounting for 17 percent of all foreign investment by New Zealanders in 2016, for a total of $3.2 billion dollars. Bringing New Zealand into the E–1 and E–2 programs will increase trade and bilateral investment flows, helping both of our countries accelerate eco-nomic growth and job creation. While so much of our foreign policy is consumed today with dangerous and counterproductive trade wars against our allies, which is harmful to our farmers, especially our soybean, corn, and livestock farmers, I am glad that this bill will actually strengthen ties with one of America’s closest and most steadfast allies. Congratulations are in order for Sen-ator HIRONO , who championed this bill in the Senate, where it passed last month by unanimous consent. I also congratulate my Judiciary colleague, D
ARRELL ISSA, who authored the com-panion bill in the House. They both de-serve credit for identifying this defi-ciency in our immigration laws and working across the aisle to craft a smart solution that has gained broad support in the body for adoption. Our country will be more prosperous and so, presumably, will be New Zealand as a result of their efforts. I also want to thank Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE and Chairwoman I LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee for their support and work on behalf of this important legislation. I urge my colleagues to support S. 2245, the KIWI Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Maryland and Ranking Member N
AD-
LERand others for their work on this legislation, as well as Congressman ISSAand Senator H IRONO . This is very good legislation and it’s overdue. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of New York). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2245. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LA PAZ COUNTY LAND CONVEYANCE ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2630) to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2630 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘La Paz County Land Conveyance Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means La Paz County, Arizona. (2) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the approximately 8,800 acres of land managed by the Bureau of Land Management and designated as ‘‘Federal land to be con-veyed’’ on the map. (3) M
AP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the map prepared by the Bureau of Land Management entitled ‘‘Proposed La Paz County Land Con-veyance’’ and dated May 24, 2017. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. CONVEYANCE TO LA PAZ COUNTY, ARI-ZONA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a re-quest from the County to convey all or a portion of the Federal land, subject to valid existing rights and to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and not-withstanding the land use planning require-ments of sections 202 and 203 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712, 1713), the Secretary shall convey to the County all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land identi-fied on the map. (b) P
HASED CONVEYANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall convey the public land described in subsection (a) in parcels over a period of up to 20 years, as is re-quired to carry out the phased development of renewable energy or other economic develop-ment. (2) P
AYMENT OF FAIR MARKET VALUE .—A par- cel shall be conveyed by the Secretary on pay-ment by La Paz County, Arizona, to the Sec-retary, of the fair market value of the parcel, as determined under paragraph (3). (3) A
PPRAISAL TO DETERMINE FAIR MARKET  
VALUE .—The Secretary shall determine the fair market value of the Federal land to be con-veyed— (A) in accordance with the Federal Land Pol-icy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.052 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6622 July 23, 2018 
(B) based on an appraisal that is conducted in accordance with— (i) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Fed-eral Land Acquisition; and (ii) the Uniform Standards of Professional Ap-praisal Practice. (c) P
ROTECTION OF TRIBAL CULTURAL ARTI-
FACTS .—To the greatest extent practicable, the County and all subsequent owners of land con-veyed under this Act shall— (1) make good faith efforts to avoid disturbing Tribal artifacts; (2) minimize impacts on Tribal artifacts if they are disturbed; (3) work with the Colorado River Indian Tribes Tribal Historic Preservation Office to identify artifacts of cultural and historic signifi-cance; and (4) allow Tribal representatives to rebury un-earthed artifacts at or near where they were dis-covered. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment. (2) C
ORRECTIONS .—The Secretary and the County may, by mutual agreement— (A) make minor boundary adjustments to the Federal land to be conveyed under subsection (a); and (B) correct any minor errors in the map, an acreage estimate, or the description of the Fed-eral land. (e) W
ITHDRAWAL .—The Federal land is with-drawn from the operation of the mining and mineral leasing laws of the United States. (f) C
OSTS.—As a condition of the conveyance of the Federal land under subsection (a), the County shall pay— (1) an amount equal to the appraised value determined in accordance with subsection (b)(3); and (2) all costs related to the conveyance, includ-ing all surveys, appraisals, and other adminis-trative costs associated with the conveyance of the Federal land to the County under subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2630, the La Paz County Land Conveyance Act, is au-thored by Congressman P
AULGOSAR of Arizona. It directs the Secretary of the Interior to convey 8,000 acres of Fed-eral land to La Paz County, Arizona, at fair market value for the construction of a solar field. La Paz County is among the few counties in the United States with nearly 95 percent of its land owned by the Federal, State, or Tribal govern-ments. Because of the immense Federal footprint in the county, a land transfer is necessary so that it can secure enough space for this type of develop-ment. The county will not only pay for the land, but all the administrative costs of the transfer as well. The county has already worked with the BLM to identify a site adjacent to preexisting and proposed electric, fiber optic, and natural gas transmission lines. A review of the proposed site by the BLM has not revealed any endan-gered species or historic resources in the area, and much of the proposed site already has a significant amount of surface disturbance. La Paz County suffers high unem-ployment, and this land conveyance will not only provide additional energy to the growing southern California and Phoenix markets, but it will also bring good-paying jobs to many families in the county. I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill, authored by Representative PAULA. G OSAR , authorizes the convey-ance of approximately 8,800 acres of Bureau of Land Management land to La Paz County, Arizona, for the devel-opment of renewable energy. The BLM land has been identified as suitable for disposal, and the county is required to pay full-market value and all the ad-ministrative costs associated with the conveyance. The bill also includes im-portant safeguards for Tribal cultural property and is supported by the Colo-rado River Indian Tribes. This is a targeted sale of public land for a very specific public purpose that ensures a fair return for taxpayer- owned assets. Our support for this bill does not mean that we support the wholesale disposal of public land. Federal land is a public resource, and the conveyance of any part of this re-source should include guarantees to protect the public’s interest. The pro-ceeds of any conveyance authorized by Congress should be reinvested back into land conservation efforts. Without this important safeguard, the accumulation of individual convey-ances potentially threatens the viabil-ity of our system of public lands. This is not yet included in this bill, so I do hope, Mr. Speaker, that we can work with our Senate colleagues to make this bill even better as it moves through the legislative process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ), the author of this measure, the chairman of the Western Caucus of the House of Representatives. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bipartisan bill, H.R. 2630, the La Paz County Land Con-veyance Act. La Paz County, Arizona, is a county in western Arizona defined by the Colo-rado River, the vast Arizona desert, and a massive Federal footprint. This bipartisan bill helps facilitate a land transfer from the Bureau of Land Man-agement to the county. Specifically, H.R. 2630 directs the Secretary of the Interior to convey 8,800 acres of Federal land to La Paz County for the purpose of economic de-velopment opportunities and facili-tating renewable electrical generation. The bill allows the county to take ad-vantage of one of the best assets they have—sunshine—and pursue utility- scale solar energy production. This legislation requires the county to pay fair-market value for the land involved in this transfer. H.R. 2630 also requires the county to pay for all costs related to the conveyance, including all surveys, appraisals, and all other administrative costs. I would like to provide a little more background about La Paz County to help explain why this bill is so impor-tant. By population, La Paz is Arizona’s second smallest county, with just under 21,000 permanent residents. More than a third of those people are over the age of 65. The unemployment rate in the coun-ty is stubbornly high, with La Paz County consistently ranking in the top 5 counties in Arizona, out of 15, in terms of highest unemployment rate. Currently, only 6 percent of the land in La Paz County is in private owner-ship. Federal, State, or Tribal govern-ments own almost 95 percent of the land within the county, nearly two- thirds of which is owned by the BLM. Because of the immense Federal foot-print in the county, a land conveyance is necessary to allow for new opportu-nities for economic development. H.R. 2630, will help create new, good- paying jobs for La Paz County resi-dents and generate new revenues to fund important county services like education, transportation, and law en-forcement. The plot of land the county has iden-tified, with the assistance of the BLM, is ideally situated on the edge of the La Paz-Maricopa County line, adjacent to existing and proposed fiber optic, electric, and natural gas transmission lines. Further, the transferred parcels are conveniently located next to the Ten West Link, a 114-mile transmission line that will further interconnect Ari-zona and California. Initial review shows that the land does not contain any endangered spe-cies, cultural resources, and already has a significant level of surface dis-turbance. The legislation was drafted at the re-quest of the county in collaboration with the Tribes and other stakeholders. The Congressional Budget Office esti-mates the bill will generate $6 million for the Federal Government. Solar energy development on land conveyed by the bill will provide good- paying local jobs and help empower the county to determine its own economic future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.022 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6623 July 23, 2018 
Finally, the renewable energy gen-erated as a result of this bill will assist with ensuring a balanced portfolio and provide clean, renewable power to help meet the electricity demands of the West. I am pleased to have had La Paz County Supervisor D.L. Wilson out to testify in favor of the bill, and I appre-ciate all the county’s hard work on be-half of this effort. I am also pleased to have received a letter of support for the bill from the Colorado River Indian Tribes, which started, in part: ‘‘While we acknowl-edge that this legislation only address-es a small portion of the county, it is our hope that we can use this coopera-tive model to ensure that future devel-opments on other lands are also con-ducted in a culturally sensitive way.’’ This is good public policy. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ in favor of this bipartisan jobs bill that embraces a true all-of-the-above energy strategy. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would ask all of the Members to con-sider what plight their districts would be in, their counties would be in if 95 percent of the land in that county was off the public tax rolls, with severe re-strictions on its use. The effect is eco-nomically devastating. This is a small step in the direction of giving La Paz County a little more control over its economic future. It is an excellent bill, and I urge its adop-tion. I yield back the balance of my time. b1700 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2630, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ESTABLISHING THE ADAMS MEMORIAL COMMISSION Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1220) to establish the Adams Memorial Commission to carry out the provisions of Public Law 107–62, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1220 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ADAMS MEMORIAL COMMISSION. 
(a) C OMMISSION .—There is established a com-mission to be known as the ‘‘Adams Memorial Commission’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) for the purpose of establishing a permanent memorial to honor John Adams and his legacy as authorized by Public Law 107–62, located in the city of Washington, District of Columbia, including sites authorized by Public Law 107–315. (b) MEMBERSHIP .—The Commission shall be composed of— (1) four persons appointed by the President, not more than two of whom may be members of the same political party; (2) four Members of the Senate appointed by the President pro tempore of the Senate in con-sultation with the Majority Leader and Minor-ity Leader of the Senate, of which not more than two appointees may be members of the same political party; and (3) four Members of the House of Representa-tives appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives in consultation with the Major-ity Leader and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, of which not more than two appointees may be members of the same political party. (c) C
HAIR AND VICECHAIR.—The members of the Commission shall select a Chair and Vice Chair of the Commission. The Chair and Vice Chair shall not be members of the same political party. (d) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Commis-sion shall not affect its powers if a quorum is present, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (e) M
EETINGS .— (1) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 45 days after the date on which a majority of the mem-bers of the Commission have been appointed, the Commission shall hold its first meeting. (2) S
UBSEQUENT MEETINGS .—The Commission shall meet at the call of the Chair. (f) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. (g) N
OCOMPENSATION .—A member of the Com-mission shall serve without compensation, but may be reimbursed for expenses incurred in car-rying out the duties of the Commission. (h) D
UTIES .—The Commission shall consider and formulate plans for a permanent memorial to honor John Adams and his legacy, including the nature, location, design, and construction of the memorial. (i) P
OWERS .—The Commission may— (1) make such expenditures for services and materials for the purpose of carrying out this section as the Commission considers advisable from funds appropriated or received as gifts for that purpose; (2) accept gifts, including funds from the Adams Memorial Foundation, to be used in car-rying out this section or to be used in connec-tion with the construction or other expenses of the memorial; and (3) hold hearings, enter into contracts for per-sonal services and otherwise, and do such other things as are necessary to carry out this section. (j) R
EPORTS .—The Commission shall— (1) report the plans required by subsection (h), together with recommendations, to the President and the Congress at the earliest practicable date; and (2) in the interim, make annual reports on its progress to the President and the Congress. (k) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER LAWS.—The Fed- eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Commission. (l) T
ERMINATION .—The Commission shall ter-minate 7 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO PUBLIC LAW 107–62. 
Public Law 107–62 is amended by striking ‘‘Adams Memorial Foundation’’ each place it occurs and inserting ‘‘Adams Memorial Commis-sion’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, several of the central figures in the winning of American independence and the founding of our constitutional republic are given short shrift among the memorials in this capital city, and none among them is more deserving than John Adams. By all accounts, he was the ani-mating figure in pushing the Conti-nental Congress to declare independ-ence; he was indefatigable in the pros-ecution of the war, both from stations at home and from Europe; and is our first vice president under Washington; and as our second President, he estab-lished many of the traditions and poli-cies that set our course. Public Law 107–62 authorized the nonprofit Adams Memorial Foundation to establish a memorial to John Adams in the District of Columbia under the Commemorative Works Act and to col-lect private donations for that purpose. No Federal funds can be used for the memorial. The foundation has developed initial design concept, it has conducted loca-tion reviews, and coordinated with Congress, the National Park Service, and other stakeholders, but it has not yet been able to select a site, design the memorial, receive the approvals, or raise sufficient funds for construction. Under the Commemorative Works Act, the foundation’s authority to erect a memorial expires in December of 2020. H.R. 1220, by Congressman S
TEPHEN  L
YNCH of Massachusetts, would trans-fer that authority to the Adams Memo-rial Commission. The commission would have all the powers and responsibilities of the foun-dation and would consist of 12 mem-bers. Its authority to erect a memorial will expire in 7 years, consistent was the CWA timeline. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ), the bill’s sponsor. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentleman from California for his kind words on behalf of my leg-islation and on behalf of John Adams in particular. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Guam, Ms. B
ORDALLO , for yielding this time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.056 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6624 July 23, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to express strong support for my bill, H.R. 1220, the Adams Memorial Commission Act. This bipartisan legislation establishes the Adams Memorial Commission, which, as the chairman recognized, will consider, formulate, report plans for a memorial here in Washington, D.C., honoring John Adams and his profound and lasting legacy in the history of the United States. The bipartisan Adams Memorial Commission will be composed of four Presidential appointees, four members of the Senate and four members of the House of Representatives. The commis-sion will be required to report its rec-ommendations for the nature, location, design, and construction of a fitting memorial to the President and the Congress and will then provide annual reports on the memorial’s progress. Mr. Speaker, it is important to keep in mind the lasting legacy of John Adams’ family and their service to our Nation and his prominent role in our Nation’s history. John Adams was one of the most influential Founding Fa-thers of the United States. Born in 1735 in Braintree, Massachu-setts, a section of which is now known as Quincy, John Adams was educated at Harvard and spent his early career as a lawyer. Later on as a leader of the American Revolution, John Adams served as a delegate to both the First and Second Continental Congresses, and was regarded as the leading voice championing independence from Great Britain. Adams’ prominent role in our Na-tion’s formation of laws is still recog-nized to this day. In fact, one great benefit I had as a Massachusetts legis-lator coming here to Washington, D.C., is John Adams drafted the rules of the House in Massachusetts, which we adopted here in our Nation’s Capitol in this Congress, which still stand today. Adams not only helped draft the Dec-laration of Independence, but also au-thored the constitution of the Com-monwealth of Massachusetts, which is the oldest written constitution still in place today. After serving as U.S. representative to France and the Netherlands during the Revolutionary War, Adams became the first vice president under President George Washington. In 1796, Adams was elected the second President of the United States and in 1800 became the first occupant of the White House. John Adams’ legacy was instilled through his entire family. John’s wife, Abigail, is known as an advocate for women’s rights, and his son, John Quincy Adams, later served as our Na-tion’s sixth President, and his family legacy goes on. While commemorative works have been established for former Presidents, including George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and Abraham Lincoln here in Washington, D.C., John Adams and his legacy are notably not represented in our Nation’s capital, and that is a gap that we seek to cure. Mr. Speaker, this memorial is long overdue. President Adams was a re-markable leader and a steadfast public servant. It is a glaring oversight that there is no memorial in our Nation’s capital honoring John Adams and his family for their role in shaping our Na-tion. H.R. 1220 would complement the im-portant work that the Adams Memo-rial Foundation has accomplished over the years. So as Members of Congress, I ask that we should pass this bipartisan bill and begin the process of establishing the commemorative memorial that President Adams and his family rightly deserve, that they rightly, by their courage and service, have earned. Mr. Speaker, I thank the bipartisan cosponsors of this bill, I thank you, Mr. Speaker, for your courtesy, and the kind words by the chairman from Cali-fornia and Ms. B
ORDALLO , and I thank the bipartisan sponsors of this bill, and urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand in favor of and pass H.R. 1220. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers and I am ready to close. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to add a few words to this bill. Nearly 20 years ago, Congress authorized the Adams Memo-rial Foundation to construct a com-memorative work with private funds in honor of President John Adams, First Lady Abigail Adams, President John Quincy Adams, and other prominent members of the Adams family associ-ated with the early history of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-gressman L
YNCH and the entire Massa-chusetts delegation for their hard work and commitment to honoring the leg-acy of one their State’s most influen-tial political families. A permanent memorial in the Na-tion’s capital is a fitting tribute, and I hope that we can work with our Senate colleagues to deliver this bill to the President’s desk and finally get it done. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I just want to compliment Congressman L
YNCH and thank him on behalf of the Nation for keeping this memorial alive and keeping its momentum going. This is highly deserved, it is long overdue, and this measure takes us an-other step toward the recognition of one of America’s greatest Founding Fa-thers. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1220, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
EASTERN LEGACY EXTENSION ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3045) to amend the National Trails System Act to extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3045 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Eastern Legacy Extension Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF LEWIS AND CLARK NA-TIONAL HISTORIC TRAIL. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 5(a)(6) of the Na-tional Trails System Act (16 U.S.C. 1244(a)(6)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘three thousand seven hun-dred’’ and inserting ‘‘4,900’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Wood River, Illinois,’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Ohio River in Pittsburgh, Pennsyl-vania,’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘maps identified as, ‘Vicinity Map, Lewis and Clark Trail’ study report dated April 1977.’’ and inserting ‘‘the map entitled Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail Author-ized Trail Including Proposed Eastern Legacy Extension, dated April 2018, and numbered 648/ 143721.’’ (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3045, which comes to us by Congress-man L
UKE MESSER of Indiana, would extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail. Its purpose is to preserve and inter-pret for future generations the Corps of Discovery’s important preparations for its trailblazing journey into the West-ern United States. In 1803, President Thomas Jefferson charged Captains Meriwether Lewis and William Clark with finding a water route to the Pacific Ocean across the United States’ newly purchased Lou-isiana Territory and with seeking out and identifying wildlife, vegetation, and native populations along the way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.058 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6625 July 23, 2018 
The journey contributed greatly to the scientific knowledge and helped to foster profound political, social, eco-nomic, cultural, and environmental changes to the lands and the peoples of the North American continent. The Lewis and Clark National His-toric Trail was established in 1978 and spans 3,700 miles following the route of the Lewis and Clark expedition west of the Mississippi River from Wood River, Illinois, to Astoria, Oregon. H.R. 3045 would extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail by 1,200 miles, with a new eastern boundary at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, following the path of the Ohio River. The Eastern Legacy Extension of the trail encompasses important history and key moments for the expedition. In February of 2018, at the direction of Congress, the National Park Service completed a study on the proposed ex-tension of this trail. The study found the route proposed for inclusion in H.R. 3045 to be nationally significant, suit-able and feasible for inclusion in the existing Lewis and Clark National His-toric Trail. The Eastern Legacy Extension pro-vided by this legislation recognizes the significance of the planning, prepara-tion, and beginning preparations for the expedition, and will provide new opportunities for Americans to learn about the Corps of Discovery and the lands along the Ohio River where Lewis and Clark refined the techniques that prepared them for the hardships of the long trip west. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill extends the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail by 1,200 miles to include three new segments that correspond to the preparation and return phases of the expedition. Under the Consolidated Natural Re-sources Act of 2018, the study of pos-sible additional Eastern Legacy sites to add to the Lewis and Clark Historic Trail identified three nationally sig-nificant trail segments. The first trail identified is a segment of the Ohio River that Meriwether Lewis used as a testing ground for sup-plies and weapons prior to his epic journey. Another trail, stretching from the falls of Ohio to the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers, recognizes where Lewis and Clark first met. The last trail that will be included under this bill begins at the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi River and stretches until the Wood River in Illi-nois, which is the current starting point of the National Historic Trail. The Lewis and Clark story is an im-portant part of our collective history, and I hope that we can continue work-ing together to discover and preserve pieces of America’s legacy. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill spon-sored by Representative L
UKEMESSER . Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ), the author of this measure. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from California, Chairman M
CCLINTOCK , for his help on this bill; the gentlewoman from Guam, my friend, Ms. B
ORDALLO , for her sup-port as well; Chairman B
ISHOP and all the members and staff of the Natural Resources Committee for their impor-tant work and for bringing this legisla-tion to the House floor today. Mr. Speaker, I also want to recognize my son, Hudson, I guess named after a river, for tagging along with me and being here as well. Mr. Speaker, as most of us learned in high school history, in 1803, Meriwether Lewis and William Clark were commissioned by President Jef-ferson to find a water route to the Pa-cific Ocean across the United States. This bill, the Eastern Legacy Exten-sion Act, formally recognizes the im-portant role States like Indiana, my home State, played in the expedition by extending the Lewis and Clark Na-tional Historic Trail to the east. Currently, the trail only marks the western portion of Lewis and Clark’s expedition. However, these explorers, as other speakers have said, traveled nearly 1,000 miles along the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers in States like Penn-sylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois be-fore arriving in present day Missouri. In fact, the town of Clarksville, Indi-ana, is named after William Clark after he famously stopped there to recruit members for the expedition. To properly recognize this historic expedition and preserve the entire route Lewis and Clark took, Congress previously requested the National Park Service to study extending the trail along the route they took east of the Mississippi. b1715 In February 2018, the final study was released, recommending that Congress designate the eastern leg of the expedi-tion as part of the trail. This bill makes that a reality, and by recog-nizing the eastern portions of the Lewis and Clark Expedition, we make the entire national trail stronger. This legislation will increase tourism opportunities for communities in Indi-ana and the rest of the 4,900-mile route and promote historic appreciation for the role Lewis and Clark played in making our country what it is today. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the Lewis and Clark Trail Heritage Foundation for their work on this leg-islation and, again, thank the com-mittee and the chairmen for their work, too. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, the Lewis and Clark Expedition was lit-erally one of the seminal events that produced this great Nation, spanning from coast to coast, and the comple-tion of this full trail is an important step in recognizing the heroism and the vision of those who came before us to build this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I would ask for adop-tion of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3045, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PITTMAN-ROBERTSON WILDLIFE RESTORATION ACT AND DIN-GELL-JOHNSON SPORT FISH RES-TORATION ACT AMENDMENTS Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5875) to amend the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act and the Dingell-Johnson Federal Aid in Sport Fish Restoration Act, to provide parity for United States territories and the District of Columbia, to make technical corrections to such Acts and related laws, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5875 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. APPORTIONMENT UNDER PITTMAN- ROBERTSON WILDLIFE RESTORA-TION ACT. 
(a) E QUIVALENT MINIMUM APPORTIONMENT  A
MONG STATES AND TERRITORIES OF TAXREV-
ENUES ACCRUING TO FUND.—The first sub-section (c) of section 4 of the Pittman-Rob-ertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669c), relating to apportionment of certain revenues accruing to the fund, is amended by striking ‘‘among the States’’ and all that fol-lows through the end of the first sentence and inserting: ‘‘among the States and each of American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mar-iana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands in proportion to the ratio that the population of each State and each such territory bears to the population of all the States and such territories, except that each State shall be apportioned not more than 3 percent of such revenues, and each State and each such territory shall be apportioned not less than 1 percent of such revenues.’’. (b) A
PPORTIONMENT OF WILDLIFE CONSERVA -
TION AND RESTORATION ACCOUNT AMONG TER-
RITORIES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA .— The second subsection (c) of section 4 of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669c), as added by section 902(e) of H.R. 5548, as introduced in the 106th Congress and enacted into law by section 1(a)(2) of Public Law 106–55, and relating to apportion-ment of the Wildlife Conservation and Res-toration Account, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) The Secretary of the Interior shall ap-portion from the Wildlife Conservation and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.061 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6626 July 23, 2018 
Restoration Account to each of the District of Columbia, American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands a sum equal to not more than one-half of 1 percent of such Account.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF PERCENTAGE RESTRICTIONS  
ONAPPORTIONMENTS TO TERRITORIES .—Sec- tion 8A of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669g–1) is amended by striking ‘‘as he shall determine, not ex-ceeding’’ and all that follows through ‘‘, in any one year,’’ and inserting ‘‘as the Sec-retary shall determine for each year,’’. 
SEC. 2. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO PITTMAN- ROBERTSON WILDLIFE RESTORA-TION ACT. 
(a) The first section and section 12 of the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669, 669i) are each amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the Interior’’. (b) Paragraph (2) of section 3(a) of such Act (16 U.S.C. 669b(a)) is amended— (1) by moving such paragraph 2 ems to the left; and (2) by striking ‘‘16 U.S.C. 669(b)(1))’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (b)(1)’’. (c)(1) Section 4 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 669c) is amended by redesignating the second sub-section (c) (as added by section 902(e) of H.R. 5548, as introduced in the 106th Congress and enacted into law by section 1(a)(2) of Public Law 106–55; relating to apportionment of the Wildlife Conservation and Restoration Ac-count) and subsection (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. (2) Section 2(6) of such Act (16 U.S.C. 669a(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 304(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4(e)’’. (3) Section 3(c)(2) of such Act (16 U.S.C. 669b(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 4(d) and (e) of this Act,’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 4(e),’’. (d) Subsection (d) of section 4 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 669c), as redesignated by sub-section (c)(1) of this section, is further amended in paragraph (2)(A)— (1) in clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘one-third of which is based’’ and inserting ‘‘One-third of such amount shall be apportioned based’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-riod; and (2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘two-thirds of which is based’’ and inserting ‘‘Two-thirds of such amount shall be apportioned based’’. (e) Section 6 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 669e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before the first sen-tence; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2), as in effect before the enactment of this paragraph, as subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) (as designated by the amend-ment made by subparagraph (A) of this para-graph), and moving such subparagraphs 2 ems to the right; and (C) by inserting ‘‘(2)’’ before ‘‘The Sec-retary of the Interior shall approve’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘option (1) of subsection (a) of this section,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(A),’’. 
SEC. 3. APPORTIONMENT UNDER DINGELL-JOHN-SON SPORT FISH RESTORATION ACT. 
Section 12 of the Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777K) is amended by striking ‘‘as he shall determine, not exceeding for Puerto Rico’’ and all that follows through ‘‘in any one year, but the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘as the Secretary shall determine, except the Secretary’’. 
SEC. 4. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS RELATING TO DINGELL-JOHNSON SPORT FISH RESTORATION ACT. 
(a) C ORRECTIONS TO DINGELL -JOHNSON  S
PORT FISH RESTORATION ACT.—Section 4(a)(1) of the Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Protection,’’ and in-serting ‘‘Protection’’. (b) CORRECTIONS TO RELATED LAWS.— (1) Section 111(f)(3) of Public Law 101–593 (16 U.S.C. 777e–1(f)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection’’. (2) Section 7404(d)(1) of Public Law 105–178 (16 U.S.C. 777g–1(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 4(a)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4(a)(3)(A)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5875, introduced by my colleague from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ), addresses the existing dis-parity between the 50 States and the U.S. territories with regard to the for-mulas within the Pittman-Robertson and Dingell-Johnson conservation pro-grams. While the territories are in-cluded in the statutory definition as States, they are not afforded an oppor-tunity to receive an equal share of Pittman-Robertson and Dingell-John-son funding. The legislation provides the Sec-retary of the Interior with greater flexibility in apportioning conserva-tion funds and requires parity between the States and the territories with re-spect to funding for basic hunter edu-cation programs. Under current law, each State is guaranteed at least a 1 percent share of yearly Pittman-Robertson apportion-ment. However, the current statute caps Puerto Rico’s share at one-fourth of 1 percent and the four other U.S. ter-ritory shares at just one-sixth of 1 per-cent. In other words, they pay the fees and the taxes, but they don’t get equal access to the funds. H.R. 5875 specifically removes the ex-isting caps on funds for basic hunter education programs and would man-date that each territory and State re-ceive not less than 1 percent in any given year. The bill also removes addi-tional restrictions on apportionments for wildlife and sport fishing restora-tion projects. The absence of caps will allow the Secretary of the Interior to exercise discretion in apportioning Pittman- Robertson and Dingell-Johnson funds to the five U.S. territories in propor-tion to their populations, as it is done currently for each of the 50 States. The user-pays approach facilitated by Pittman-Robertson and Dingell-John-son has consistently delivered signifi-cant benefits to hunters, recreational shooters, and all citizens through the delivery of on-the-ground wildlife and habitat conservation activities. It is time we make the apportion-ment of these important funds fair to all 50 States and the territories. I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that the full House will soon vote on my bill, H.R. 5875, supported by all six Members of Congress representing the U.S. territories and the District of Co-lumbia. My bipartisan bill will ensure that Guam, the other U.S. territories, and D.C. receive their fair share of an-nual funding under the Pittman-Rob-ertson and Dingell-Johnson acts. This Federal funding supports fish and wildlife conservation and enhances hunting, sport fishing, boating, and other outdoor recreational opportuni-ties at no cost to taxpayers. Each State and territorial fish and wildlife agency receives a yearly allo-cation of this Federal funding. How-ever, current Federal law places arbi-trary caps on how much funding the five territories and D.C. may receive, forcing us to split the smallest State’s share six ways. My bipartisan bill will fix this by providing each territory and D.C. the same funding percentage guar-anteed for each State. My bill will also allow the Secretary of the Interior to exercise his or her full discretion in allocating this fund-ing based on the same criteria applied to the States. Lastly, H.R. 5875 will make technical changes in the U.S. Code to correct er-rors in these two Federal laws. I thank our Natural Resources Com-mittee chairman, Mr. R
OBBISHOP , for his partnership in bringing my bill to the floor. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league, Representative M
CCLINTOCK  from California, for his very favorable comments on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for bringing this bill to the House. This really is an injustice to think that the people of the territories pay the full amount of the fees and yet only get a fraction of the benefits that are af-forded to the States that are paying the same fees. This corrects that injus-tice. Mr. Speaker, I urge the bill’s adop-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5875, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.025 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6627 July 23, 2018 
The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MILL SPRINGS BATTLEFIELD NATIONAL MONUMENT ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5979) to establish the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monu-ment in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5979 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument, Nancy, Kentucky’’ numbered 297/ 145513, and dated June 2018. (2) M
ONUMENT .—The term ‘‘Monument’’ means the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument established by section 3(a). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF MILL SPRINGS BAT-TLEFIELD NATIONAL MONUMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), there is established, as a unit of the National Park System, the Mill Springs Battlefield Na-tional Monument in the State of Kentucky, to preserve, protect, and interpret for the benefit of present and future generations the nationally significant historic resources of the Mill Springs Battlefield and its role in the American Civil War. (2) C
ONDITIONS .—The Monument shall not be established until the Secretary— (A) has entered into a written agreement with the owner of any private or non-Federal land within the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument boundary as depicted on the Map, providing that such property shall be donated to the United States for inclusion in the Monument to be managed consistently with the purposes of the Monument; and (B) has determined that sufficient land or in-terests in land have been acquired within the boundary of the Monument to constitute a man-ageable unit. (b) B
OUNDARIES .—The boundaries of the Monument shall be the boundaries generally de-picted on the Map. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP.—The Map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (d) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may only acquire land or an interest in land lo-cated within the boundary of the Monument by— (1) donation; (2) purchase with donated funds; or (3) exchange. (e) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall admin-ister the Monument in accordance with— (A) this Act; and (B) the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System, including— (i) section 100101(a), chapter 1003, and sec-tions 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101 of title 54, United States Code; and (ii) chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code. (2) MANAGEMENT PLAN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available to the Secretary for this purpose, the Secretary shall prepare a general management plan for the Monument in accordance with section 100502 of title 54, United States Code. (B) S
UBMIT TO CONGRESS .—On completion of the general management plan, the Secretary shall submit it to the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. (f) P
RIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION .—No pri- vate property or non-Federal public property shall be managed as part of the Monument without the written consent of the owner of such property. (g) N
OBUFFER ZONES.—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Monument, or the man-agement of the Monument shall be construed to create buffer zones outside of the Monument. The fact that an activity or use can be seen, heard, or detected from within the Monument shall not preclude the conduct of that activity or use outside of the Monument. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California. There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5979, introduced by Representative H
ALROGERS of Ken-tucky, establishes the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument in Ken-tucky as a unit of the National Park System. The Battle of Mill Springs was one of Kentucky’s largest Civil War battles and played a crucial role in the Union’s success by securing the Cumberland Gap and providing the gateway into Tennessee. The Battle of Mill Springs bolstered the Union’s morale, as it was the first major victory of the war following the disastrous defeat at First Manassas. Winning the battle enabled the Union to push all Confederate powers out of Kentucky and allowed them to advance into Confederate strongholds in Middle Tennessee. Mill Springs Battlefield was des-ignated as a National Historic Land-mark in 1994. The boundary was ex-panded in 2008 and now encompasses over 1,500 acres. The nonprofit Mill Springs Battlefield Association cur-rently owns 900 acres of battlefield land and operates a visitors center at the site. H.R. 5979 establishes the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument as a unit of the National Park System. The proposed monument would be approxi-mately 1,500 acres, of which 900 will be donated to the Park Service. I am grateful to Mr. ROGERS for spon-soring this legislation. It is the right way to create a national monument. Monuments ought to be created through the open legislative process of Congress and not via executive fiat. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, which is spon-sored by Representative R
OGERS from Kentucky, establishes the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument in the State of Kentucky to preserve, protect, and interpret for current and future generations, the historic resources of the Mill Springs Battlefield and its role in the American Civil War. Mill Springs Battlefield in Pulaski County, Kentucky, was the site of the Union’s first decisive victory in the western theater of the American Civil War. Given the Confederacy’s presence in the South, the Union’s performance in Kentucky was perceived as a pivotal turning point in the war. President Abraham Lincoln articu-lated the strategic importance of Ken-tucky by stating: ‘‘I hope to have God on my side, but I must have Ken-tucky.’’ This monument designation is a fit-ting tribute to the historical signifi-cance of Mill Springs and an encour-aging sign that we can continue to work across political lines to ensure that our most important places are preserved for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to yield such time as he may consume to gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), the distinguished author of this measure. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5979, the Mill Springs Battle-field National Monument Act, legisla-tion that I introduced that directs the Secretary of the Interior to establish the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument as a unit of the National Park System. On January 19, 1862, the small Ken-tucky town of Logan’s Cross Roads erupted in a blast of artillery and mus-ket fire as Confederate and Union forces clashed in the Battle of Mill Springs. When the smoke cleared, it was clear that the Union was victorious and had secured its first significant victory in the Civil War. To honor the site, the Mill Springs Battlefield in Pulaski and Wayne Counties in Kentucky was des-ignated a U.S. National Historic Land-mark district in 1994. Realizing the need to preserve and protect the battlefield for the future, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.065 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6628 July 23, 2018 
the Mill Springs Battlefield Associa-tion was founded in 1992. That associa-tion currently owns more than 900 acres of the battlefield that they have pieced together over the years with their own money and grant money from various sources. They even built a $1.7 million, 10,000-square-foot visitor center and museum at the site, which is adjacent to the Mill Springs Na-tional Cemetery, which, of course, was started by the deaths from this battle. Mr. Speaker, while the association is currently doing an exemplary job in maintaining the battlefield, it simply does not have the financial resources to adequately preserve and maintain this site in perpetuity. To ensure that the Mill Springs Bat-tlefield is protected for future genera-tions, I introduced this legislation to add the battlefield to the National Park System. This will ensure that the battlefield where the Union first tasted victory is protected, preserved, and promoted well into the future. Mr. Speaker, this effort is supported by the Secretary of the Interior, Ryan Zinke, as well as the National Park Service. It is also supported by many in Ken-tucky, including our Governor, our friends in our congressional delegation, and countless local and regional lead-ers. b1730 It is also supported by the Battlefield Association which is willing to donate their property, some 900 of the acres, to make this national monument a re-ality. I am particularly grateful to Chair-man M
CCLINTOCK , Chairman B ISHOP , and their staff who worked closely with us to bring this bill to the floor. I can’t thank the chairman enough for the great work that he does. I would also like to specifically thank my friend and colleague, Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL , who is ushering companion legislation through the Senate. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the men and women of the Mill Springs Battlefield Association. With-out their decades of work to piece to-gether and preserve this important site, none of this would be possible today. They stage an annual reenact-ment of this battle which is realistic to the nth degree, and I would invite ev-eryone to attend the annual reunion of this battle in January of next year. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument Act. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I urge the support of this bill. I have no fur-ther speakers, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, these historic sites provide a tangible link between our generation and those who came before us and allow us to draw inspiration from the deeds and sacrifices of those who built this coun-try and secured freedom for all Ameri-cans. This is an important part of that story, and I would ask for adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5979, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL COMEDY CENTER RECOGNITION ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6077) recognizing the Na-tional Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6077 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Comedy Center Recognition Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF NATIONAL COMEDY CENTER IN JAMESTOWN, NEW YORK. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL RECOGNITION .—Con- gress— (1) recognizes that the National Comedy Center, located in Jamestown, New York, is the only museum of its kind that exists for the exclusive purpose of celebrating comedy in all its forms; and (2) officially designates the National Com-edy Center as the National Comedy Center. (b) E
FFECT OF RECOGNITION .—The National Comedy Center recognized in this section is not a unit of the National Park System, and the designation shall not be construed to re-quire or permit Federal funds to be expended for any purpose related to the Center. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the National Comedy Center in downtown Jamestown, New York, is a nonprofit institution that tells the story of comedy in America. Opening next month, the center is a live performance space as well as an interactive museum. It is the first na-tional scale, nonprofit, cultural insti-tution with a visitor experience dedi-cated to comedy outside of the U.S. Senate. The museum is acquiring the per-sonal archives of prominent American comedians and will showcase more than 50 exhibits on the history of com-edy from early vaudeville to today. In addition, the center operates the Lu-cille Ball Desi Arnaz Museum, as Jamestown is the birthplace of Ms. Ball. H.R. 6077 will officially designate the National Comedy Center in James-town, New York, as the National Com-edy Center. The center will not be a part of or affiliated with the National Park System. Just to be crystal clear, this designation will not require Fed-eral funds to be expended for any pur-pose related to the center—no joke. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is sponsored by Mr. REEDof New York, and it officially designates the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York, as the Na-tional Comedy Center and recognizes it as the only museum that exists to cele-brate comedy in the United States. The National Comedy Center is set to open for the first time early next month. This honorary recognition will highlight the museum and the impor-tance of the comedic arts which bright-en the lives of everyday Americans. I want to congratulate Congressman R
EED for his hard work on behalf of Jamestown, New York, and the Com-edy Center. I am very happy to lend my support to the preservation of institu-tions that preserve parts of our cul-tural identity, and I do urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED), who is the author of this meas-ure. Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. M
CCLINTOCK for yielding me such time as I may consume to address the sub-ject matter of this bill. Mr. Speaker, for once on this floor, this is a laughing matter. The purpose of this bill is to officially designate the National Comedy Center in James-town, New York, as the National Com-edy Center for the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, our country doesn’t currently have a national center to recognize comedy and the important role it plays in American culture. I can think of no better place for such a cen-ter than in our district in the city of Jamestown, the birthplace of Lucille Ball. Across the country and all over the world, people recognize Lucille Ball and ‘‘I love Lucy’’ as one of the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.066 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6629 July 23, 2018 
popular television shows of all time. The National Comedy Center will cele-brate her impact and many others in the world of comedy when it hosts this August the Lucille Ball Comedy Fes-tival for the grand opening of the Na-tional Comedy Center. All jokes aside, Mr. Speaker, this museum is much bigger than one per-son in Lucille Ball. This is about come-dians who have practiced their art and have celebrated the healing aspects of humor in our society. With more than 50 exhibits that engage and excite, this museum is the first of its kind dedi-cated to celebrating comedy in all its forms and the people who share the laughter it brings. It is the Cooperstown of baseball, the Dayton of pro football, and the Cleve-land of Rock and Roll. I would like to thank the men and women whose hard work and dedica-tion to the National Comedy Center have gotten us here. In particular, I would like to thank all those who made the National Comedy Center in James-town, New York, possible; including Journey Gunderson, Tom Benson, and the rest of the National Comedy Center board for their tireless work; as well as former County Executive Vince Horrigan, and present Chautauqua County Executive George Borrello, as well as the mayor of Jamestown, Sam Teresi, for their unwavering support in this bipartisan endeavor. I thank Greg Edwards of the Gebbie Foundation as well as all the other foundations and contributors that helped make this a reality. Most of all, we want to recognize the comedians and artists who have shared their tal-ents for years with Jamestown to make this possible. With that, Mr. Speaker, I ask my friends and colleagues to support this bill. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, we should all be smiling when we say we support this bill—and that is no laugh-ing matter. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would ask for adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6077, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2850) to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 2850 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. USE OF FUNDS IN WMAT SETTLE-MENT FUND FOR WMAT RURAL WATER SYSTEM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF WMAT R URAL WATER  S
YSTEM .—Section 307(a) of the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3080) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, (b)(2),’’ after ‘‘subsections (a)’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Section 312(b)(2)(C)(i)(III) of the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3093) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, including the planning, de-sign, and construction of the WMAT rural water system, in accordance with section 307(a).’’. 
SEC. 2. EXPANSION OF PUEBLO OF SANTA CLARA LAND ELIGIBLE FOR 99-YEAR LEASE. 
Subsection (a) of the first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (commonly known as the ‘‘Long-Term Leasing Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 415(a)), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Indians,,’’ and inserting ‘‘Indians,’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘Ohkay Owingeh pueblo,’’ after ‘‘Cochiti,’’; (3) by inserting ‘‘the pueblo of Santa Clara,’’ after ‘‘Pojoaque,’’; (4) by striking ‘‘the the lands’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the land’’; (5) by striking ‘‘lands held in trust for the Pueblo of Santa Clara,’’; and (6) by striking ‘‘lands held in trust for Ohkay Owingeh Pueblo’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. The Claims Resolution Act of 2010 in-cluded four Indian water rights settle-ments. Title III of the act resolved the White Mountain Apache Tribes’ water- related claims against the United States, the State of Arizona, and a number of other State and non-Federal parties. In consideration for the Tribe’s waiving its water-related claims against the United States and other parties, the act authorized funding for the construction of the White Moun-tain Apache rural water system to bring safe and reliable drinking water to the Tribe and to its members. Spe-cifically, the rural water system will consist of a dam and reservoir, a treat-ment plant, and 55 miles of pipeline to serve the community. The act also established the creation of the White Mountain Apache Tribal settlement fund that can be used to cover any cost overruns for the system and water-related economic develop-ment projects. The rural water system will serve a number of water-related activities that fit squarely with the settlement fund’s authorized purposes. To ensure the completion of the Tribe’s rural water system, S. 2850 makes a technical amendment to the Claims Resolution Act to clarify that the Tribe may utilize funding from the settlement fund for planning, design, and conduction activities related to construction of the rural water system. The bill also clarifies the 99-year lease authority for the Pueblo of Santa Clara and the Ohkay Owingeh Pueblo in New Mexico. The Indian Long-Term Leasing Act allows Indians to lease their lands subject to the approval of the Secretary of the Interior for public, religious, educational, recreational, residential, or business purposes of up to 25 years. Congress has amended the ILTLA more than 40 times to adjust the terms and conditions of Indian land leases, including the authorization of 99-year leases for lands held in trust for the Pueblo Santa Clara and the Ohkay Owingeh Pueblo of New Mexico. S. 2850 clarifies that this 99-year lease authority also extends to lands in restricted deed status. These are lands held by a Tribe or individual Indians subject to a limitation on alienation or taxation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ). Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 2850 and to urge passage of this amendment to the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010. The White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 resolved the Tribe’s water claims against the Federal and State govern-ments, as well as other parties and States. This act also authorized the White Mountain Rural Water System all while being budget neutral. This bill is simply a straightforward, technical amendment which is nec-essary to clarify that authorization au-thority exists for the Tribe to use the settlement fund for water-related eco-nomic development projects. The Tribe needs this clarification in order to complete the construction of its rural water system, which is long overdue and a critical project for the commu-nity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.069 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6630 July 23, 2018 
I thank Senator F LAKE , whose staff has worked closely with me and my of-fice on this issue for the past year and a half. I also thank the chairman and ranking member for supporting this bill. Given the importance of the water system and the implementation of the settlement legislation to the White Mountain Apache Tribe, I urge the swift passage of this bill and look for-ward to working together with all af-fected stakeholders on its implementa-tion. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill makes a small change to the previously approved water rights settlement in order to allow the White Mountain Apache Tribe in Arizona to complete work on a rural water system. Specifically, the bill clarifies that funding Congress has already author-ized for water-related economic devel-opment projects can be used to cover possible construction cost overruns as-sociated with the Tribe’s main water project, which will provide drinking water supplies for Tribal members once completed. In addition, section 2 of the bill clari-fies that the Pueblos of Santa Clara and Ohkay Owingeh in New Mexico are authorized to lease all of their Tribal lands for up to 99 years. Currently, the Pueblos have the option to enter into 99-year leases only on their trust lands, as this option is not extended to their restricted fee lands. Passage of this provision will correct that discrepancy, allowing the Pueblos the same flexibility in leasing terms that other Tribes already possess. I would like to thank our New Mex-ico colleagues, Senator T
OMUDALL and Congressman B
ENRAYLUJA´N, for advo-cating for this issue and for getting this provision included in the legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill which is sponsored by Senator J
EFFFLAKE . Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, so I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, as you have heard, this bill irons out a lot of problems with the settlement and clears the way for hopefully a very pro-ductive project. Mr. Speaker, I urge its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1745 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2850. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. QUINDARO TOWNSITE NATIONAL COMMEMORATIVE SITE ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5613) to designate the Quindaro Townsite in Kansas City, Kansas, as a National Historic Land-mark, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5613 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. QUINDARO TOWNSITE NATIONAL COMMEMORATIVE SITE ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Quindaro Townsite National Commemora-tive Site Act’’. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this Act, the term ‘‘Sec-retary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (c) D
ESIGNATION .—The Quindaro Townsite in Kansas City, Kansas, as listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is hereby designated as the Quindaro Townsite National Commemo-rative Site. The Site shall not be considered a unit of the National Park System. (d) A
DMINISTRATION .—Nothing in this section shall affect the administration of the Quindaro Townsite by Kansas City or the State of Kansas. (e) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary, in consultation with the State of Kan-sas, Kansas City, Kansas, and affected subdivi-sions, may enter into cooperative agreements with appropriate public or private entities, for the purposes of protecting historic resources at Quindaro Townsite and providing educational and interpretive programs for the public. (f) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary may provide technical assistance to any entity with which the Secretary has entered into a co-operative agreement under subsection (e). (g) E
FFECT ON PRIVATE PROPERTY , LOCAL L
AND USE, AND LAND ACQUISITION AUTHOR -
ITY.—Nothing in this Act authorizes the Sec-retary to— (1) interfere with private property rights, or any local zoning ordinance or land use plan of the State or any political subdivision of the State; or (2) acquire land or interests in land through condemnation or otherwise. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the Quindaro Townsite in Kansas City preserves an important piece of our past whose history should be known by all. The site preserves the ruins of a frontier town on the Mis-souri River, founded in 1857 as a free- state port of entry during the Kansas Territory’s fight over the question of slavery. The town’s diverse inhabitants were antislavery and included Ameri-cans of European and African Amer-ican descent, as well as members of the Wyandot Tribe. The Quindaro area was the location of an African American refugee settle-ment that began during the Civil War and grew into a prominent African American community. It was also the site of the Freedman’s University and its successor institution, Western Uni-versity, the first Black university in Kansas. The Quindaro Townsite is on the Na-tional Register of Historic Places and, importantly, has been designated as part of the National Underground Rail-road Network to Freedom. Quindaro’s early residents assisted fugitive slaves escaping across the Missouri River to freedom. Supporters of Quindaro have long sought elevated status and recognition for the site. H.R. 5613 designates Quindaro Townsite as a national com-memorative site. This establishes the townsite as an affiliated area of the National Park System and authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to offer technical assistance and support to Quindaro. I want to compliment my colleague, Mr. YODER , for bringing this matter to the attention of the Congress and for the work he has done to ensure that this site receives national recognition. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, as amended, would designate the Quindaro Townsite in Kansas city, Kansas, as a national commemorative site, an honorary des-ignation under the National Park Sys-tem. The town of Quindaro was founded in 1857 and was a key site during the Bleeding Kansas conflict, serving as a safe port of entry into Kansas on the Missouri River for those opposed to slavery. In addition, the town aided runaway slaves as they escaped to free-dom in Kansas through the Under-ground Railroad. Local government, private entities, and individual stakeholders in the area have been working to elevate the sta-tus of the Quindaro Townsite for years, and I am glad we were able to recognize its important cultural legacy with this bill. I want to congratulate Congressman Y
ODER on his hard work, and I want to commend my colleagues from across the aisle for coming up with an appro-priate designation for this site. Des-ignation of Quindaro Townsite as a na-tional commemorative site is a fitting tribute that ensures the sacrifices, struggles, and triumphs of its early residents will never be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.071 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6631 July 23, 2018 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ), the author of this bill. Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I really ap-preciate the comments of the gen-tleman from California, as well as the gentlewoman from Guam. To hear my community talked about so positively here on the floor of the House is a source of pride for me and the many who have worked so many years to have this moment come to fruition. Today, the House of Representatives has the opportunity to grant long over-due recognition to a historical site in Kansas City, Kansas, that has its roots in our Nation’s struggle for freedom and equality. H.R. 5613, the Quindaro Townsite Na-tional Commemorative Site Act, is my bill to confer an important new des-ignation to a historic site that has been, unfortunately, overlooked on the Federal level for too long. By passing this legislation, we can take an impor-tant step toward preserving our herit-age and learning from our past. The story of Quindaro is rooted in the same ideals and principles that helped build our Nation and make it great today. At one time, Quindaro was a boomtown, a central location in the Bleeding Kansas conflict, a stop on the Underground Railroad, and a shining example of integrated society in our country. At its height in the years leading up to the Civil War, Quindaro was a bea-con of hope on the border between Kan-sas and Missouri, directly on the front lines of the fight against slavery. The town was founded by Free Soilers for the stated purpose of shepherding anti-slavery activists and escaped slaves into Kansas. For many, Quindaro was a gateway that led from oppression into freedom. In 1861, the question of slavery in Kansas was finally decided, and our great State was accepted into the Union as a free State. With its purpose having been served, the town of Quindaro soon faded away. However, families of freed slaves settled in the area, establishing the roots of a com-munity that continues to this very day. This confluence of history, with Bleeding Kansas, the Underground Railroad, and an enduring African American community, is a unique com-bination that is rare in our country. In spite of Quindaro’s notable his-tory, today, the ruins of the town sit largely overlooked by those outside of the nearby community. The first men-tion of an effort to preserve this his-toric site is found in a local newspaper more than 90 years ago. Unfortunately, nine decades have passed without much significant investment in the site. Local stakeholders have worked hard to protect the site and preserve its sto-ries. I thank those who worked to ele-vate Quindaro. There are many who de-serve recognition for that work, but I would especially like to thank Marvin Robinson, the Allen Chapel AME Church, the Western University Asso-ciation, the Wyandotte County Unified Government, and the Freedom’s Fron-tier National Heritage Area, as well as Taylor Huhn in my office for his work to bring this bill to fruition. I thank them for their years of dedi-cation, for raising the historic site to my attention, and for educating me on its importance to community, State, and the Nation. Today, we have an opportunity to bring meaningful Federal support to the folks who have dedicated their lives to Quindaro. The national com-memorative site designation will be a crucial step toward spreading the story of Quindaro beyond the city limits of Kansas City to people around the Na-tion and will hopefully lead to their goal of becoming a national historic landmark. Quindaro’s legacy of people who were willing to lay down their lives in the name of freedom is the legacy of Amer-ica. By preserving what remains of this town, we take a small but meaningful step toward preserving every good and noble thing that our great Nation stands for. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting our national heritage and pass this valuable legislation. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I wish to mention that I have enjoyed work-ing with Mr. M
CCLINTOCK of California on these Natural Resources bills. It was a joy to have bipartisanship. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her kind comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5613, to designate the Quindaro Townsite in Kansas City, Kansas, a national com-memorative site. Quindaro was founded in 1857 to pro-vide a safe haven for antislavery activ-ists moving into Kansas during the struggle to help make the territory a free State. Located on the banks of the Missouri River, the site quickly be-came a vital port and a stop on the Un-derground Railroad. Although the town dwindled after Kansas became a State, Quindaro’s short but rich history is an important reminder of Kansas’ role in our Nation’s history. Currently, the site sits on the Na-tional Register of Historic Places. However, designating Quindaro a na-tional commemorative site would qual-ify the downtown for additional Fed-eral assistance as Quindaro pursues the ultimate goal of being a national his-toric landmark. H.R. 5613 is a great step forward in that process and will help preserve an important piece of Kansas and Amer-ican history. I am proud to cosponsor this bill, and I thank Representative KEVIN YODER for bringing it forward. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would again like to say what a great pleasure it has been for me to work with Ms. B
ORDALLO and the members of the Natural Resources Committee. It truly does work in a bipartisan man-ner, most of the time. And it is no co-incidence that, most of the time, it is productive work. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5613, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the Quindaro Townsite in Kansas City, Kansas, as a National Commemorative Site.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 55 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Flor-ida) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 2345, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 4881, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
NATIONAL SUICIDE HOTLINE IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2345) to require the Federal Communications Commission to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easy-to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline sys-tem, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.074 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6632 July 23, 2018 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 379, nays 1, not voting 48, as follows: 
[Roll No. 366] YEAS—379 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—48 
Arrington Barletta Barton Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Buchanan Butterfield Clarke (NY) Cummings Duncan (TN) Ellison Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Herrera Beutler Hunter Issa Jayapal King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Langevin Lipinski Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean McHenry Moore Noem Perlmutter Pittenger Pocan Roby Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Russell Ryan (OH) Speier Thompson (MS) Tsongas Turner Vela Walz Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) 
b1853 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PRECISION AGRICULTURE CONNECTIVITY ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4881) to re-quire the Federal Communications Commission to establish a task force for meeting the connectivity and tech-nology needs of precision agriculture in the United States, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 378, nays 4, not voting 46, as follows: 
[Roll No. 367] YEAS—378 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.077 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6633 July 23, 2018 
O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—4 
Amash Biggs Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—46 
Arrington Barletta Barton Black Blackburn Blumenauer Brady (PA) Buchanan Butterfield Clarke (NY) Cummings Duncan (TN) Ellison Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hunter Issa Jayapal King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Langevin Lipinski Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean McHenry Moore Noem Perlmutter Perry Pittenger Pocan Roby Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Ryan (OH) Speier Thompson (MS) Tsongas Turner Vela Vela´zquez Walz Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1901 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the Fed-eral Communications Commission to establish a task force for reviewing the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 367. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I was un-able to vote on July 23, 2018, for travel re-strictions due to inclement weather. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall No. 366. ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall No. 367. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 184, PROTECT MEDICAL IN-NOVATION ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6311, INCREASING AC-CESS TO LOWER PREMIUM PLANS AND EXPANDING HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–860) on the resolution (H. Res. 1011) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 184) to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6311) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to modify the definition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals purchasing health in-surance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6199, RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICATION ACT OF 2018, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 27, 2018, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 3, 2018 Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–861) on the resolution (H. Res. 1012) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6199) to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain over-the-counter medical prod-ucts as qualified medical expenses, and providing for proceedings during the period from July 27, 2018, through Sep-tember 3, 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 6470, DEPART-MENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDU-CATION, AND RELATED AGEN-CIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–862) on the bill (H.R. 6470) making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069, the Fos-tering Stable Housing Opportunities Act of 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
CUBAN HEROES OF THE ISRAEL WAR (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, in the seven decades since its independ-ence, Israel has become a shining light in an otherwise dark region filled with human rights abusers all around her. That would not have been possible were it not for those who fought for their ancestral country, but also for our shared values of freedom and de-mocracy. In fact, over 4,000 foreign individuals, Jews and non-Jews, from 58 countries volunteered to fight in 1948 alongside 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.030 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6634 July 23, 2018 
the Israeli forces. Machal, volunteers from outside the country, they are called. Amongst these mighty warriors, 23 Cuban Jews bravely answered the call to arms and left Cuba to come to Israel’s aid and secure her independ-ence. This Sunday, the Inter-American Chapter of Hadassah in my congres-sional district is honoring these coura-geous Cuban heroes, particularly the four remaining survivors. Mr. Speaker, the sacrifice and her-oism of Cuban Jews during the Israeli 1948 War of Independence will never be forgotten by us. 
f 
CALLING ATTENTION TO CHILD DETENTION RULES (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, it is still going on. The Trump administration is still holding thousands of little chil-dren in jails across this country in cages, cyclone fencing, cages. These are babies and toddlers, pre-schoolers and adolescents. Their only crime is their desire to breathe free. And just when you think the pit of the Trump administration’s soul could get no darker, heartbreaking reports emerge from inside these so-called de-tention facilities. These children are prohibited from touching one another. No hugs, not even from their siblings. They can’t run around. They have to wake up at unreasonably early hours, with their jailers banging and making noise as if it is Alcatraz, for everyone to get out of bed. Some of these children only get 1 hour to play outside a day. They are being held in strip malls and aban-doned motels. Some are banned from sending mail to their siblings. Others have scrubbed toilets or handled bags of unsanitary used toilet paper. Mr. Speaker, these so-called deten-tion facilities are nothing more than jails for children, baby jails. Let’s end this madness. 
f 
THE BENEFITS OF TAX REFORM (Mr. WENSTRUP asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the benefits of tax re-form. Earlier this year, President Trump visited the Sheffer Corporation, a small manufacturing company in my district that pledged $1,000 bonuses to all 126 of its employees as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. During the President’s visit to Cin-cinnati, he invited Sheffer employees on stage to talk about their plans for their new bonuses. A mom in the audience said she is using her bonus as spare cash for when she sends her children off to college this year. As any parent of a college student knows, the expenses add up and every dollar makes a difference. The President also invited a young man to the stage to speak. He wants to start a family, and said that this money will go towards a home to raise his children. While the recent law is an enormous step forward, we must and will con-tinue to move forward to implement smart policies that give Americans the freedom to compete, innovate, and seize the opportunity to carve out a better future for themselves and their families. f 
THREE IMPORTANT ITEMS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, there are three items that I think are important for our colleagues. A number of Members traveled to Texas to physically assess where we were in the reunification of these chil-dren and their families. Let me just say that those who are tasked with try-ing to do this dastardly, difficult task are putting their best foot forward, but they are dealing with a policy that is broken and chaotic. I witnessed the at-tempt to reunify families. There were about 20 children in the room, and we witnessed four reunifications, and each of us would have our heart broken, be-cause children are still in shock, some didn’t recognize their parents. I believe that this is a chaotic system that this administration must fix immediately. I also want to bring to the attention of my colleagues about the Medicare payments to doctors, unequal pay-ments. I am absolutely opposed. Give doctors a fair assessment of their treatment. And, finally, do we realize, Mr. Speaker, that those immigrants who joined the military are now being kicked out? Do we have any heart? They have sacrificed their lives to wear the uniform. We need to stand up against it, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
HONORING SERGEANT FIRST CLASS CHRISTOPHER CELIZ (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember the life of Sergeant First Class Christopher Celiz, who passed away in the line of duty at the age of 32. Sergeant Celiz was assigned to Hun-ter Army Airfield in the First Congres-sional District of Georgia. On July 12, he was struck by enemy small arms fire during a combat oper-ation in Afghanistan. Sergeant Celiz was immediately taken for medical treatment, but passed away from his injuries. His regiment commander described him as always leading from the front and being a national treasure who led his Rangers with passion, confidence, and an infectiously positive attitude. A husband and father, I will keep Sergeant Celiz’s family in my thoughts and prayers. Because of Sergeant Celiz’s service and bravery, he has been awarded the Purple Heart, the Bronze Star, and the Meritorious Service Medal. f 
CARTER PAGE FISA WARRANT (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, the release of the Carter Page FISA warrant makes it clear that the FBI was right to examine the connections between Page and the Trump campaign as well as their communications with Russian sources. These warrants cast serious doubt on the credibility of the so-called Nunes memo, which is demonstrably inac-curate. Earlier today, the President’s press secretary announced that the adminis-tration was considering stripping top level former national security officials of their security clearances on the grounds that they, ‘‘politicized public service.’’ I would question whether any use of intelligence could be more political than writing a misleading document, namely the Nunes memo, to unjustifiably malign the integrity and competence of the FBI in order to shield the President. It is clear that congressional Repub-licans are attempting to delegitimize the FBI and, through it, Special Coun-sel Robert Mueller’s ongoing investiga-tion. We must protect the independence and integrity of this investigation, and I urge Speaker R
YAN and the House leadership to do so immediately. 
f 
b1915 AMERICAN TAXPAYERS HAVE MORE MONEY IN THEIR POCKETS (Mr. HUDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, America has always been the land of oppor-tunity, but I am hearing, as I travel my district, a renewed sense of opti-mism that is exciting. Our economy is stronger. Families have more money in their paychecks. Workers are seeing bonuses and better wages. Unemploy-ment is at historic lows. Job openings are at historic highs, and confidence is soaring. As a direct result of our tax cuts, about 90 percent of our workers are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.082 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6635 July 23, 2018 
keeping more of what they make. The average tax cut this year in my district was over $900. Like a constituent who commented on my Facebook wall put it: ‘‘Any time that the American tax-payer has more money in their pocket, it’s a good thing.’’ Mr. Speaker, I couldn’t agree more. Businesses and workers are seeing tremendous benefits, too. With the tax savings, businesses all across the coun-try are expanding and hiring more peo-ple. In my district, a local brewery can now purchase new equipment and raise wages. A local manufacturer told me she plans to expand operations and bring on new employees. Working with the Trump administra-tion, I will continue to work to build on this progress so that more people can achieve their American Dream. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ WOLFE, JR. (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of William ‘‘Bill’’ Wolfe, Jr. Bill attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on Octo-ber 1. Bill and his wife, Robyn, had two kids together, Ethan and Trevor. Bill worked as a senior project manager for Dewberry Engineers, Inc. Bill lived for his community. He en-joyed being a wrestling coach with the Shippensburg Elementary wrestling program and a coach for a Little League team. Although he loved coaching, he loved being outdoors more. Bill enjoyed hunting, fishing, boating, camping, gardening, and jogging. Bill and Robyn had traveled to the Route 91 festival to celebrate the 20th anniversary of their wedding. Unfortu-nately, they were separated when the gunfire erupted, and Robyn later found out that Bill did not survive. Bill is remembered for being very smart and always being willing to help others. He was passionate about every-thing he did and was loved by many. I would like to extend my condo-lences to William ‘‘Bill’’ Wolfe, Jr.’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Ne-vada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
THANKING ALZHEIMER’S AMBASSADORS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, earlier today I met with Christie Glick in my Bellefonte office. Christie is an Alzheimer’s ambassador in my district, and through the Alz-heimer’s Ambassador Program, people like Christie work throughout the country to connect with Members of Congress and share their personal expe-riences with Alzheimer’s disease. Alzheimer’s is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States, and it has reached crisis proportions. There is no effective treatment, no means of prevention, and no method of slowing the progression of this disease. Sadly, one in three seniors will die with the disease. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 5 million Americans were living with Alz-heimer’s disease in the year 2013. That number is expected to almost triple to 14 million by the year 2050. Mr. Speaker, Alzheimer’s not only has a devastating impact on those who are diagnosed with the disease, but also their caregivers and loved ones. My own mom, Mary Thompson, lived with Alzheimer’s for 10 years until it took her life. Mr. Speaker, I thank Christie and all of the Alzheimer’s ambassadors for the important work that they do to raise awareness about Alzheimer’s disease and to never stop searching for a cure. f 
RECOGNIZING JOCELYN DORSEY (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the his-toric retirement of broadcast pioneer and Atlanta, Georgia, treasure, Jocelyn Dorsey. She is really a na-tional treasure. Jocelyn’s list of achievements and accolades are too long for me to recite here, but needless to say, her groundbreaking 40-plus-year career has served as an inspiration to so many, and she has been a role model to so many of us, not just African Ameri-cans, but all Americans, all Georgians. So we tip our hats to her and wish her the best in her retirement. I under-stand that long-distance motorcycle trips may very well be in her future. I hope that she will keep us abreast of her exploits in the future. We will miss her but know that she will always be in our hearts, and we will always look forward to hearing about her life as she proceeds on. So I congratulate Jocelyn Dorsey for a job well done. 
f 
THE 12TH WOMAN (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, last week I was joined in the House gallery by five incredible young women. Each of them has their own story of sur-vival. Each was sexually assaulted while in college. They call themselves the 12th Woman. Mr. Speaker, one in five women will be sexually assaulted while in college in the United States. Sexual assault is a crime that tries to steal the dignity, self-respect, and humanity of the vic-tim. Mr. Speaker, the 12th Woman has something to say about that. They came to Congress and publicly told their heartbreaking stories on the steps of our Capitol, demanding change not only at their own school, Texas A&M, but nationwide. These ladies are determined not only to be survivors, but victors over their assault. Mr. Speaker, my grandmother taught me that there is no stopping a bold, te-nacious, Texas woman who has made up her mind. Abbie, Meghan, Sydney, Kirsten, and Nikki have made up their minds with unwavering resolve that sexual assault on campus will stop. And that is just the way it is. f 
PUTIN’S DANGEROUS ACTIONS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, like a bull in a china shop, President Trump bulldozed his way through the NATO summit, offending our allies, and then in Helsinki was shamefully servile to Russia’s autocratic ruler, Vladimir Putin. Autocrat Putin boasts a long list of brutal and violent threats to lib-erty here at home and abroad. In early 2014, Russian forces illegally invaded Ukraine’s Crimea and the Donbass region. Thousands have been killed and millions of Ukrainians dis-placed. On February 27, 2015, Russian free-dom fighter, Boris Nemtsov, was gunned down outside the Kremlin’s crimson walls. In the 2016 election, Russian intel-ligence services used social media and cyber attacks to target our democratic elections and those of several of our al-lies. According to the Committee to Pro-tect Journalists, 58 Russian journalists have been brutally murdered since 1992. Mr. Speaker, Russia is ‘‘Murder In-corporated’’ under Putin’s abhorrent rule. I include in the R
ECORD a long list of some of Russia’s brutal, murderous ac-tions. 
BRUTAL AND UNDEMOCRATIC ACTIONS OF  D
ICTATOR VLADIMIR PUTIN’SRUSSIA  2000—Putin was supposed to face a second- round runoff in the 2000 presidential election, had it not been for widespread fraud. Biased coverage by large media outlets controlled by the Russian state and Kremlin supporters can be accredited for this. (Freedom House) 2003—Mikhail Khodorkovsky is arrested by Russian authorities and charged with fraud. The trial was criticized for lack of due proc-ess. Charges against him were grounded in reasonable suspicion. 2003—Russia ranked 86 out of 133 countries in Transparency International’s 2003 Corrup-tion Perceptions Index. 2003—Russia saw a significant deteriora-tion of fundamental rights and the emer-gence of an increasingly aggressive foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.085 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6636 July 23, 2018 
policy, reflecting the consolidation of power by former security and military officers. Russia’s constitutional court struck down key provisions of the law that banned jour-nalists from making positive or negative ob-servations about candidates or parties. 2006 October 7—Anna Politkovskaya, a journalist who exposed the corruption of the Russian army and its conduct in Chechnya, was shot and killed in the lobby of her apart-ment. 2006—Alexander Litvinenko is poisoned. Litvinenko was a former officer of the Rus-sian Federal Security Service (FSB) and KGB, who fled from court prosecution in Russia and received political asylum in the United Kingdom. 2008—Russia wages a war against Georgia. Today, thousands of Russian troops occupy Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region, which constitutes about 20% of Georgia’s inter-nationally recognized territory. Russia has never fulfilled its obligations under the Six- Point Cease-Fire Agreement (also known as the Sarkozy Plan) that ended the fighting. 2010: Polish Air Force Tu–154 Crash over Smolensk, Russia. Antoni Macierewicz (Po-land’s defense minister) claims the fatal crash which killed Poland’s President Lech Kaczynski, the First Lady and 94 others in 2010 in Russia was preceded by two explo-sions on board. A previous Polish govern-ment concluded that pilot error was to blame for the crash, but Law and Justice or-dered a new investigation which concluded this year that the plane was brought down by explosions on board. No international analysis was allowed by Russia. 2013—Putin signs law banning gay publica-tions. ‘‘It officially declares that gays and lesbians are inferior beings,’’ says Elena Klimova, a gay rights activist in Russia who was convicted under the law in 2014. 2014—Putin illegally invades Ukraine. More than 10,000 have been killed, and mil-lions of Ukrainians have been displaced. 2014—Russia occupies Crimean Peninsula and nearly ten thousand Crimean Tatars are displaced from their homes. Russia under the Putin regime has violated UN human rights, and infringements of the Geneva Convention. 2014—Russian forces shoot down Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 over occupied Ukrain-ian territory, killing 298 innocent pas-sengers. Russia attempts to use disinformation and propaganda to cover up obfuscate the truth of its brutality. 2014—Human rights abuses in Russia are more prevalent than ever. The LGBTQ+ com-munity is targeted. Independent media re-port that 31 civilians were killed in the first nine months of 2014. Abduction-style deten-tions, torture, and enforced disappearances persisted in the North Caucasus, as did at-tacks against government critics, the report says, adding that the situation is particu-larly bad in Dagestan. 2014—Oleg Sentsov, Ukrainian filmmaker, is arrested under charges of running ‘‘ter-rorist organizations’’ in Crimea. 2015—Natalya Sharina, the director of the Ukrainian Literature Library in Moscow, was put under house arrest in 2015 under the charges of inciting ethnic hatred and spread-ing ‘‘anti-Russian propaganda.’’ 2015—Journalist Boris Nemstov is shot and killed. Nemstov was planning on leading a rally to protest the war in Ukraine days be-fore his killing. 2016—Russian authorities arrested Roman Sushchenko, a Ukrainian journalist with the state news service, Ukrinform, on dubious espionage charges. 2016—Russia attacks U.S. election. Wis-consin, Ohio, California and 10 other states said they were among 21 states that Russian government hackers targeted in an effort to sway the 2016 presidential election in favor of Donald Trump though no votes were changed. Federal and congressional intelligence groups that have stated that Russia inter-fered in the election: CIA, Office of the Di-rector of National Intelligence, FBI, NSA, Justice Department, House Intelligence Committee, Senate Intelligence Committee. 2017: In December, the Central Election Commission banned opposition leader Aleksey Navalny from challenging Putin in the 2018 presidential election, removing from the contest the only credible opposition to have announced a campaign. 2017—Russian authorities banned the ac-tivities of the Jehovah’s Witnesses, which was deemed an extremist group. 2017: Investigative journalist and Novy Peterburg cofounder Nikolay Andrushchenko died in April, weeks after he was severely beaten, and Dmitriy Popkov, editor of the investigative online outlet Ton-M, was shot to death in May. 2017—Workers on stadiums built for the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup and 2018 World Cup reported exploitation, including non- provision of contracts, non-payment of wages, and retaliation for reporting abuses. The Building and Woodworkers International trade union reported at least 17 deaths on stadiums since construction began. 2017—By February 2017, the number of peo-ple imprisoned for extremist speech spiked to 94, from 54 in 2015. 2017—In the first six months of 2017 alone, the number of people administratively pun-ished by Russian authorities for supposedly violating the country’s regulations on public gatherings was two-and-a-half times higher than throughout 2016. 2017—Denis Voronenkov, a onetime Com-munist member of Russia’s lower house of parliament, dies after being shot outside a hotel in Kyiv. President Poroshenko calls the shooting a ‘‘Russian state terrorist act.’’ Voronenkov, who fled to Ukraine in 2016, is the latest in a string of Putin and Russia’s critics who were killed or injured under mys-terious circumstances. 2017—Russia interferes in the French elec-tion between opponents Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. The Macron presidential campaign accused the Kremlin of election meddling, saying that servers belonging to the team were hacked by a group likely to be associated with Russia. 2018—Father and daughter Sergei and Yulia Skripal are poisoned. British foreign secretary Boris Johnson said on 16 March that it was ‘‘overwhelmingly likely’’ that the poisoning had been ordered directly by Russian president Putin, which marked the first time the British government accused Vladimir Putin of personally ordering the poisoning. 2018: Donald Trump accepts Putin’s lies on Russian interference in U.S. elections over statement from U.S. Intelligence Commu-nity: ‘‘My people came to me, Dan Coats came to me and some others, they think it’s Russia. I have President Putin, he just said it’s not Russia. I will say this; I don’t see any reason why it would be. I have great con-fidence in my intelligence people, but I will tell you that President Putin was extremely strong and powerful in his denial today.’’ —Trump, Helsinki Conference 2018 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I urge our President to see Putin for what he is: an enemy of liberty, not a compet-itor. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, human trafficking hurts women and children all around the world. Sadly, the United States is no exception. As many as 300,000 American children are at risk of child sexual exploitation. It is happening in every community around the country. Every weekend in Minnesota, as many as 45 Minnesota girls are sold for sex. But there is good news. The Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, a new law which was passed with bipartisan sup-port earlier this year to crack down on websites that facilitate trafficking, is making a difference. Backpage.com, the single largest online source of sex trafficking has now been shut down by Federal law enforcement. Mr. Speaker, July 30 marks World Day against Trafficking in Persons. It is another opportunity to raise aware-ness and also redouble our efforts in the fight against traffickers and help-ing victims. f 
UPHOLD OUR COMMITMENT TO NATO ALLIANCE (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, tonight I want to discuss the importance of NATO to our Nation and to Europe. In 1949, the United States and 11 other countries created NATO. Today, 29 countries make up this alliance. At the heart of NATO is article 5, which says that an attack on one ally is attack on all allies. On September 12, 2001, for the first time ever, article 5 was invoked. 9/11, an attack on America, was an attack on all. Most recently, the country of Monte-negro joined the NATO Alliance. And last week, sadly, the President ex-pressed doubt that the U.S. should come to Montenegro’s defense. This is disturbing. The only time article 5 has been in-voked has been for America. When our Nation was at its most vulnerable point, NATO stepped up and had our back. We must uphold our commitment to this critical alliance. 
f 
PERMANENTLY REPEAL MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of H.R. 184, the Protect Medical Innovation Act. Many medical device manufacturers in North Carolina’s Fifth District have reported how the medical device excise tax hinders medical innovation, costs jobs, decreases research and develop-ment, and slows capital expansion. A fundamentally flawed policy en-acted under ObamaCare, the medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.035 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6637 July 23, 2018 
device excise tax was intended to spare taxpayers healthcare costs. Instead, it burdens those taxpayers, and innovators are the backbone of our economy. According to the Tax Foundation, the medical device tax cost approxi-mately 21,800 jobs from 2013 to 2015. Furthermore, the tax is hidden from consumers at purchase and passed off to them in higher prices. Congress has suspended this tax twice before, and as an original cospon-sor of this legislation, I urge my col-leagues to vote for its permanent re-peal with the Protect Medical Innova-tion Act this week. 
f 
MARIJUANA DATA COLLECTION (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, for dec-ades, bad data and misinformation have fueled the failed war on drugs that has wasted billions of taxpayer dollars, incarcerating Americans for nonviolent marijuana charges. Our outdated marijuana policies have turned everyday Americans into crimi-nals, strained our criminal justice sys-tem, cost taxpayers tremendously, and torn families apart, all for a substance that is proven to be far less harmful and dangerous than alcohol. Our Federal policy should be based on actual science and fact, not mis-placed stigma and outdated myths. However, the fact that marijuana is currently classified as a schedule I drug, the same category as heroin and cocaine, restricts and even discourages scientific research on marijuana, lim-iting our ability to create science- based policies. I will be introducing the bipartisan Marijuana Data Collection Act with my colleague Congressman C
ARLOS  C
URBELO so that we can get studies to set the record straight. Our bill would authorize a nonpartisan evidence-based report that analyzes current marijuana policies across the country and their effects on our communities. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. 
f 
b1930 MILITARY SPOUSES (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, families who are veterans also sacrifice a great deal when their loved ones have been deployed and even when they come home. Current law, unfortunately, doesn’t allow a spouse to be recognized by the VA-provided grave marker after that spouse has passed away. Some veterans in the north State in my district recognized this issue and brought it to my attention. The VA even requested this change in this year’s budget request. The budget re-quires a change in law by Congress. That is why I introduced the Hon-oring Veterans’ Families Act in order to correct this problem. Under the leg-islation, the VA will have the ability to replace the marker of a veteran to add an inscription about their spouse following the loss of that spouse. Veterans certainly should have the option of including their spouse on their own tombstone if they so choose. This is a bill that, unfortunately, is needed to once again honor our vet-erans and the sacrifices of their fami-lies. Let’s hope we can pass it. f 
THE AMERICAN DREAM IS ALIVE AT TONY’S PIZZA AND GRINDERS (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, the Amer-ican Dream is alive and well in Texas- 22. It is alive in the south loop Elling-ton area, and it is alive and thriving at Tony’s Pizza and Grinders. Tony’s is a walking, talking Amer-ican Dream. In 1996, the Canolli family left war-torn Kosovo. They started their life here in Michigan. But short-ly, they saw the bright light of the Lone Star State and moved to Texas. That is where they started Tony’s. The Canollis are special because they care more about others than about making dollars. Through Hurricane Harvey, they gave free food to the Southeast Volunteer Fire Department so they could keep saving lives. If you want the freshest and the best pizza in America, try the Mrs. Marie’s. That is amore. 
f 
CELEBRATING LIEUTENANT TIMOTHY COREY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, some-times we don’t even realize that we are surrounded by heroes. Today I rise to celebrate the courageous actions of a Yorkville resident, Lieutenant Tim-othy Corey from my district. He was recently honored with the New York State Senate Liberty Medal, one of the highest civilian honors in New York State. While on vacation in North Myrtle Beach, Lieutenant Corey discovered a young boy stuck in an outdoor pool in-take pipe. In an instant, he jumped into the water and rescued the young man and for 8 minutes breathed air into the drowning boy, ultimately sav-ing his life. The young boy was re-leased from the hospital just 6 days later. The bravery displayed by Lieutenant Corey often goes unrecognized, so, Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to now recognize Lieutenant Timothy Corey as a true hero in our community. A BETTER WAY AGENDA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ) is rec-ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago, House Repub-licans made a promise to the American people that there was a better way for-ward under our leadership. Our Better Way Agenda outlined a pathway to-ward safer communities, a stronger military, and a robust economy. Since then, House Republicans have compiled a record of results, not rhetoric. Thanks to this progress, the American people are better off now. Republicans started by moving bills that address some of the biggest issues plaguing cities and towns across the country: We have passed over 50 bills to put an end to the opioid epidemic in our com-munities. FOSTA, which will dismantle the on-line sex trafficking industry, was signed into law. We are also keeping our children safe by providing additional funding and re-sources for school safety programs. We are rebuilding our military, en-suring our troops have the tools, train-ing, and equipment they need to carry out their missions and keep us safe both at home and abroad. Our brave men and women in uniform received their largest pay raise in nearly 10 years. We are keeping our promise to pro-vide our veterans with the care they have earned by overhauling the VA and ensuring that they have access to reli-able, quality care. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has un-doubtedly had the most significant positive effect on the daily lives of Americans. Tax reform has led to un-precedented economic growth across our Nation. Americans are keeping more of their hard-earned paychecks, while companies in all 50 States are creating jobs and opportunity for all. At home in Orange County, the un-employment rate has dropped to a near 20-year low, while pay and benefits con-tinue to rise. Nationally, jobless claims have fallen to their lowest levels since 1969, and economic confidence is soar-ing. Mr. Speaker, I could go on about the numerous accomplishments House Re-publicans have achieved in the last 18 months, but the American people don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.087 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6638 July 23, 2018 
need convincing. They are seeing the results firsthand. Our Nation is, with-out question, better off now, and we will continue our work to improve the lives of all Americans. I am proud to introduce my friend and fellow committee member on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Congressman B
UDDY CARTER from the First District of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentlewoman for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in discussing how Ameri-cans are better off now. Two years ago, I told the First Dis-trict of Georgia about our Better Way Agenda, our bold agenda to tackle some of our Nation’s greatest chal-lenges and improve the lives of every-day Americans. Now, 2 years later, I am thrilled Americans are experiencing the re-sults. We have instituted sound, progrowth policies, and the economy is booming. Now people are no longer asking: Where are the jobs? Instead, thanks to tax reform, rolling back burdensome regulations, and more, we have more job openings than job seekers. Just last week, I visited a local busi-ness called Game Changers, with loca-tions in Richmond Hill and Savannah. While there, I learned their revenue is up at both of their locations. They are hiring new employees at both loca-tions, and they have increased wages and given bonuses to their employees. It is incredible to hear these stories of how local small businesses and hard-working Georgians are thriving again. That is not all. As the proud Rep-resentative of every branch of the mili-tary, I have been fighting for our troops, veterans, and military families because they deserve better. Repub-licans have taken historic actions to rebuild our military and fix the VA. After years of neglect, we have pro-vided new investments in training, equipment, and personnel to reverse the damage of the last decade. Mem-bers of our military put their lives on the line for our country, and we are working to provide the support to en-sure they are the most well-prepared and well-equipped force on the planet. Finally, we have made major strides to make our communities safer, includ-ing fighting the opioid epidemic. The House has passed more than 50 bills combating this crisis that is killing 115 Americans every day. The list goes on and on. House Re-publicans are fighting every day for Americans in Washington to deliver re-sults, not rhetoric. I hear it from small businesses, big businesses, and citizens in the First District all the time. Americans are truly better off now. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), who sits on the House Commit-tees on Education and the Workforce and Oversight and Government Re-form. VIRGINIA FOXX is the Congress-woman who represents North Caro-lina’s Fifth District. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-gresswoman W
ALTERS , and I appreciate her leading this Special Order tonight to bring to the attention of the Amer-ican people the fact that they are bet-ter off now than they were 2 years ago. This is an important message for us to share with the American people. Many of us are doing it individually, but we appreciate the gentlewoman’s leader-ship on this. Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago, House Re-publicans promised to replace our bro-ken Tax Code and rein in the runaway administrative state that stifled our economy and made it harder for busi-nesses to create jobs and grow. We proposed a better way to grow the economy with solutions for hard-working Americans who were being chewed up by our system and strug-gling to get by. This Congress, we have delivered on our promises, and I am pleased to say that North Carolinians are better off now. We passed the most significant tax reform in over 30 years, and everyday Americans are already reaping the ben-efits. According to the Tax Founda-tion, the average increase in take- home pay for a family of four in the Fifth District is $1,843. I would like to say that again, Mr. Speaker: $1,843. Those are hard-earned wages being kept in paychecks and not sent to Washington to finance inefficient gov-ernment bureaucracy. Speaking of bureaucracy, Mr. Speak-er, this Congress has also enacted his-toric regulatory relief, with 16 Congres-sional Review Act resolutions becom-ing law. Five of those resolutions came out of the House Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, which I chair, and I was able to get a sixth en-acted that I sponsored that came through another committee. We have rolled back some of the most burdensome Obama-era regulations concocted by Washington bureaucrats who thought they knew better than American farmers and business owners. But Republicans did not agree with them. North Carolina’s economy is evidence that Republicans’ policies are working for the American people. Just compare the North Carolina Department of Commerce’s figures from June of last year to this year and you will see that our State now stands 100,000 jobs ahead. There is still work to be done, but thanks to tax and regulatory relief, North Carolinians are better off now. Again, I want to thank Congress-woman M
IMIWALTERS for leading this Special Order tonight, Mr. Speaker. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege to in-troduce the chairwoman of the House Republican Conference. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMOR-
RISRODGERS ). Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and col-league for yielding and for hosting us this evening in a Special Order to talk more about Americans who are better off now because of our hard work over this Congress. I want to just join in sharing why Americans and their fami-lies are better off, and it is because Re-publicans have provided a better way and results that work. After years of struggling to get ahead, hardworking men and women are now seeing jobs, opportunity, and confidence come roaring back. This is the comeback story that was made pos-sible at the beginning through our Bet-ter Way Agenda. Over the past 2 years, we have worked hard to deliver on that agenda. Mr. Speaker, at better.gop, you can check out the promises that we have kept and why, as a result, America is stronger at home and abroad with a booming economy, safer communities, and a revived military. After historic tax reform and our work to rein in Obama-era regulations, unemployment is at a historic low, job openings at a record high, paychecks are growing, and wages are rising right along with consumer confidence. In my home State of Washington, the average wage increase just hit a 10- year high, and those increases are ben-efiting rural communities as well, like Garfield County. Garfield County is in my district. It is the smallest county in the State of Washington, and the average wage in-crease has been 8.7 percent in the last year. Asotin County is another small, rural county, and they have seen a 6.6 per-cent increase in the last year. For other rural counties, unemployment rates are dropping sharply. Pend Oreille County is in my district. They have seen a 3.2 percent drop in their unemployment rate. For families and small businesses that are no longer overtaxed and over-regulated, they have confidence again that they can achieve a better life and reach their full potential. That is what I am most excited about. I am excited about the hope and the optimism that it is bringing to people in eastern Washington and across this country. b1945 It wasn’t that long ago, in 2010, un-employment was at 9.9 percent. Our policies have unleashed economic growth. It is now at 4 percent. More Americans are coming off the sidelines and into the workforce. Just last month, there were 600,000 Americans. I am proud to say that it includes people with disabilities. As The Washington Post recently re-ported, the jobless rate for workers with disabilities has fallen at a faster rate than the general population. This is great news because Washington State is getting ready to launch our ABLE accounts. I was proud to lead ef-forts in tax reform to provide a way for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.089 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6639 July 23, 2018 
those with disabilities to explore work, get a part-time job or an internship, and take that money and put it back into their ABLE account. Today, 50,000 people in my State will be eligible for ABLE accounts. It will help them find a job that gives them independence, dignity, and purpose. We all recognize that a job is a foundation for a better life. A booming economy isn’t the only reason why Americans are better off. We have also made significant invest-ments to combat the opioid crisis and human trafficking, target dangerous criminals, and make schools safer. After the Obama administration left our Armed Forces depleted, we have made good on promises to revive and rebuild our military. In addition to giv-ing our troops the biggest pay increase in almost a decade, we have provided for the largest increase in defense in 15 years. Our troops, including those I have the privilege of representing at Fairchild Air Force Base, will now have additional resources to train, ad-dress the readiness crisis, and keep America secure. Madam Speaker, the American peo-ple don’t want rhetoric. They want re-sults. After years of slow growth, lack of confidence, stagnant wages, and a stagnant economy, they asked for a better way. I am proud to have been a part of a group that has proven that we can get those results done. By putting people first and focusing on improving lives, we have delivered real results and a better way forward. That is why Americans are better off today. I invite everyone to learn more at better.gop. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ), serving on the Committee on the Budg-et, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Committee on Education and the Workforce, rep-resenting the Third District of Georgia. Mr. FERGUSON. Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for leading this Special Order. What a year and half it has been since I came to Congress. There have been a lot of positive things that have gone on, and I think Americans feel that they are better off now. If you listen to the media and the rhetoric, you wouldn’t know it. Every time I travel home and I talk to the folks in the Third District of Georgia, I get this sense of optimism, this re-ality that they are doing better. Their wages are up. There are more job op-portunities. They are doing better. They feel safer, and they feel more se-cure. In spite of what you might have heard on TV and in the other parts of the media, more than 177 bills have been signed into law in the 115th Con-gress. That is the most of any Congress at this point since 2008. The results are clear: Americans are better off. I have heard from small businesses like Shred-X in Griffin, Georgia; Cus-tom Truck and Body Works in Woodbury, Georgia; and Emma Hill Manufacturing in LaGrange, Georgia. All of these businesses are making in-vestments. They are expanding. They are being more productive. Most im-portantly, they are hiring more people, and they are investing in their people with higher wages and better training. Families are doing better throughout our district. But these businesses are doing more than simply investing in their people and in their businesses. They are in-vesting in their communities. So our communities are becoming more help-ful. All of this is a result of a tax reform bill, a better regulatory environment, and a changing attitude in education that ensures that people pursue their talents and not just a degree. They are involved in making sure that they are able to make a living in viable careers for a long period of time. It is not just the economy that is making us more secure. We have in-vested heavily in our military, and we have fully funded our men and women serving this Nation. Most importantly, when they returned home, we have made the changes in the VA that, over time, will make sure that they have the benefits that they have earned and, quite candidly, that they deserve. We have also made investments in many other areas. Think about what we have been able to accomplish with human trafficking. We are beginning to take steps to really change how we view addiction and the opioid crisis. We are making progress, and that is mak-ing Americans better. So it is easy to get caught up in the news of the moment, to get clouded from the really good things that are happening. But we are here to remind America that things are better now be-cause of the work that we have done in this House of Representatives. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
TRUMP’S LIFELONG LEGACY: STACKING THE COURTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. Mr. EVANS. Madam Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to anchor this CBC Special Order hour. I would like to thank the CBC chair, Chairman R
ICHMOND , for his leadership in this effort. For the next 60 minutes, we have an opportunity to speak directly to the American people about issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus and many of the constituents we represent. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FERGUSON ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania? There was no objection. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I am going to do something highly unusual today, because my colleague who is here from the District of Columbia knows an awful lot about this subject. I have watched her; I have observed her. She has taught a few classes and a few peo-ple on this subject matter, and she is an expert. So I think the best way to start off is with a person who was a former law professor who teaches, who really un-derstands what our Supreme Court means as the third element, with the legislative and the chief executive. I have heard her in Congressional Black Caucus meetings. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia, Congresswoman E
LEANOR HOLMES NOR-
TON. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I very much appreciate the kind words of my friend from Pennsylvania, and I cer-tainly appreciate his leadership of this Special Order this evening. It is a sub-ject of immense importance to the American people, none more so, Mr. Speaker, than people of color in the United States of America. So I would like to begin this Special Order by speaking about President Trump’s district and circuit court nominees and then about his Supreme Court nominee, Brett Kavanaugh, who serves on the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. That is the cir-cuit of my own home district, the Dis-trict of Columbia. Mr. Speaker, long before I came to the House, I had the distinct honor of arguing and winning a case before the United States Supreme Court. That case was a free speech case where I rep-resented plaintiffs with whom I pro-foundly disagreed. As we look at the President’s nominees, especially to the Supreme Court, one wonders today how these nominees would rule. Let’s look first at President Trump’s nominees so far to the circuit courts and the district court. This is an amaz-ing, unprecedented figure for the 21st century. His nominees are 90.1 percent white, 2.3 percent African American. Now, one way to look at this is to look at another Republican President. So I said to my staff: Find the racial makeup of President Bush’s nominees. Remember, African Americans don’t expect a Republican President to offer anything like the number of nominees of, for example, President Barack Obama, not because he was African American, but because he was, after all, a Democrat. That is not the stand-ard to which I am holding this Presi-dent. The standard I am holding this President to is, by comparison, to Re-publican Presidents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.091 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6640 July 23, 2018 
The lion’s share of President Bush’s appointees was also White. I had no complaint then. I don’t recall the Con-gressional Black Caucus taking to the floor and saying: How come the lion’s share of President Bush’s nominees was White, more than 85 percent? That reflected his party and his sup-porters. But 8.5 percent of President Bush’s nominees were African American, com-pared to 2.3 percent of Trump’s nomi-nees. So that means that President Bush—and I am looking at the com-parable period; I am not looking at his overall two terms in office; I am look-ing at up until now—he had appointed three times as many African Ameri-cans to the bench. Far more Whites, and I have no complaint about that. But the Supreme Court and the Fed-eral courts have meant everything to African Americans. I do not need to point out that the political bodies, the House and the Senate, took many years to recognize equal protection for African Americans. It didn’t happen, indeed, until the courts made it happen in Brown v. Board of Education in 1954, showing, I think, that the courts are of immense importance to a group that is not the majority and must depend upon the fairness of the majority and even more so on the courts, which are sup-posed to play no favorites whatsoever, only to equal justice under the law. The President and the Republican Senate have made the Federal courts a top priority. I believe they have ap-pointed as many as 40 nominees, if I am not mistaken. In fact, the Supreme Court means so much to them, even though they already have a majority on the Supreme Court with their most recent nominee, it means so much to them that our Republican friends in the Senate are wiping out their entire August recess to stay here to try to get Brett Kavanaugh nominated, and there is a fierce fight underway. I am speaking about not only Brett Kavanaugh, the judge who sits on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, but I want to give you some sense of judges who sit on other circuits in other dis-trict courts, to make it clear why the Congressional Black Caucus is so alarmed at what is happening with fed-eral court nominees. b2000 Some Federal court nominees pro-posed by this President have had to be rejected because they were unaccept-able on any court, beyond any sense of conservatism. Most recently—I believe it was just last week—Ryan Bounds was to serve on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. A Republican Senate forced Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL to withdraw his name because two Republican Sen-ators, Senator T
IMSCOTT of South Carolina and Senator M
ARCO RUBIO of Florida, had indicated that they could not vote for Ryan Bounds because of remarks he had made on multiculturalism and racial issues. You don’t want anybody on the bench who has already shown racial animus. Since the Senate is so closely di-vided—51 Republicans to 49 Demo-crats—they were forced to withdraw Ryan Bounds’ nomination. I point that out to let you know that it is not a done deal that Brett Kavanaugh will go on the Supreme Court. That close number is going to hold up, we think, not only for Demo-crats, but when Senate hearings are over, we believe it will be very difficult even for some of our Republican friends to vote for Judge Kavanaugh. Remember, the Senate represents a rather broad swath of people, so they will have to watch out for their own elections as well. Let me give another example of how extreme President Trump’s nominees to the Federal courts can be. Three more have had to be withdrawn related to race. Again, I am going to give you examples, and you will say nobody would ever have nominated such people to any court in the United States. Last year, the White House was forced to withdraw a district court nominee, Brett Talley. What forced his withdrawal were reports that he had defended the first Ku Klux Klan in an online post—that is, the first, I sup-pose, emergence of the Ku Klux Klan— as recently as in a 2011 posting. Jeff Mateer had his nomination with-drawn over reports that transgender children were—and I am quoting him now—part of ‘‘Satan’s plan.’’ Now, look, if I were to call out these remarks, you might think that nobody thought of for the Federal bench would be who I was talking about, but that is exactly who we were talking about. That is why the Congressional Black Caucus cannot possibly support Judge Kavanaugh. We understand that whatever nomi-nee comes forward is going to be a con-servative nominee. We are not asking for the nominee we would appoint. We are simply not asking for and will do all we can to oppose nominees who are beyond the American pale. I am speak-ing for the Congressional Black Cau-cus, which represents 17 million Afri-can Americans. It is interesting to note that we have, in looking at Judge Kavanaugh, and here I am going on to the Supreme Court, in looking at his decisions, we have grown truly concerned about his lack of respect for precedent. I say that even though, increasingly, these prece-dents run against us. But when they have run for us, they have been on matters of equal protection under the law. And Judge Kavanaugh has shown an uncommon disrespect for precedent. I invite my Republican friends, who also respect precedent because many of those precedents will reinforce their own views, to be leery of any judge who disregards precedent. His views on civil rights and equal protection have been out of the mainstream, but there haven’t been a lot of them, so I have had to look closely to see what his views actually are. I must say that, even his conserv-ative colleagues and, I must emphasize, on the D.C. Circuit, which is now a con-servative circuit with more Republican judges than Democratic judges, have often had to disagree with their col-league Judge Kavanaugh. He has achieved a higher number of dissents than any member of the D.C. Circuit Court annually. How could that happen? This is a conservative court. Who is he dis-senting from? He is dissenting from not only the Democratic appointees but from his own colleagues appointed by Republicans. Now, of course, the notion of equal protection has disproportionately pro-tected minorities and women, so we are very mindful of such decisions, even when they don’t directly entail people of color whom we directly represent. For example, we are concerned that no Americans be arrested without probable cause, and if you are a minor-ity in any country, the probability of arrest will be greater than if you are among the majority. We are concerned about the Afford-able Care Act, again because of the dis-proportionate number of African Amer-icans who are affected. I am going to cite some decisions that show that Judge Kavanaugh can-not be trusted to uphold what even his conservative colleagues have said on such issues as these. Let us look at arrests without prob-able cause. I bring that up because of the churning of relevent issues in our country. A week does not go by that there hasn’t been a shooting of an Afri-can American by a police officer. This issue is among the very top in the Afri-can American community, the concern about overzealous police officers. Kavanaugh has both spoken out and written, over and over again, in such a way to indicate that he would weaken probable cause standards that have stood for the ages—that is how long they have been there—making them, as he has written, more flexible. As you consider this possible change as one about which African Americans are concerned, I hope you understand that most of the people who need prob-able cause in this country are White. So decisions making it easier to do searches without a warrant or ‘‘indi-vidualized suspicion’’—I am quoting him—are decisions he believes need to be looked at more closely, even though the existing precedents has been clear, and they have not been challenged in other circuits. Perhaps the rule that most Ameri-cans understand best is the so-called Miranda rule. That is a rule that says you don’t have to incriminate yourself. Judge Kavanaugh appears to want to narrow that rule. I didn’t think I would ever see the day when, after decades— must be 50 years—of Miranda juris pru-dence, there would be any judge sitting on any bench who would want to nar-row the self-incrimination rule. Of special interest to African Ameri-cans are Judge Kavanaugh’s apparent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.102 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6641 July 23, 2018 
views on Roe v. Wade, or the right of a woman to choice. We don’t know pre-cisely where he stands on choice, but there is a very troubling precedent from this circuit involving an undocu-mented woman who had been found to be entitled to an abortion. Now, that hadn’t happened here. The case was in the D.C. Circuit, but the ruling was from a Texas court, perhaps the most conservative on matters of abortion, which made this woman go through many steps before deciding that she, indeed, qualified under Roe v. Wade for an abortion. Judge Kavanaugh tried to do some-thing that is unfathomable. The time was running. The House wants abor-tions done within 20 weeks. Roe v. Wade allows more time. The time was running, but Judge Kavanaugh ruled that she should have to get a sponsor before she could, in fact, enforce her constitutional rights to choice. His own court overruled Judge Kavanaugh. I bring that up in no small part be-cause African American women, for ex-ample, use abortion at a rate that is beyond the average American woman, so this issue matters to the Congres-sional Black Caucus. On the Affordable Care Act, we have perhaps the most astonishing of Judge Kavanaugh’s decisions. He hasn’t said the ACA is unconstitutional. That is pretty hard to say at the circuit court level. But he has said something that has never been said before in American juris prudence: that a President may decline to enforce a law even after the Supreme Court has said that the law or statute is constitutional. Understand what this means. The Af-fordable Care Act has been found to be constitutional. Yes, there are still at-tempts in this House to overturn it, but it stands. It is so popular that, while Brett Kavanaugh is being dis-cussed in the Senate during the month of August, Senate Democrats are going to be talking about the Affordable Care Act because it has become one of the most popular laws in the United States today, even though the Republicans have done all they could to cripple it. Judge Kavanaugh has said that the President may decline to enforce a law like the Affordable Care Act even after it is found to be constitutional. What happens to the rule of law if that be-comes the standing law of the United States? This is not just a wrong view but a dangerous view. It would allow Presi-dents to pick and choose which laws to enforce, notwithstanding the courts, that a President could stand as the sole decider of what laws to enforce, not-withstanding the jurisdiction of the United States Supreme Court. b2015 Mr. Speaker, Brett Kavanaugh isn’t fit to go to the Supreme Court of the United States based on the record he has shown. Yet Judge Kavanaugh seems to have gone out of his way to try to write his way onto the Supreme Court. Why would he write so often in dis-sent? Why would he so often in write the law, views that are uncommon among Republicans? I think he was trying to draw the at-tention of President Trump. And one of the reasons I think so is the last issue I will discuss, and that is this nomi-nee’s view, Judge Kavanaugh’s view, of the independent counsel. You really had to dig this one up. As recently as 2017, he dug back into a decision of long ago. This is a 1988 de-cision, Morrison v. Olson. He said he had not agreed with the author of the decision. It was Chief Justice William Rehnquist, the Republican Chief Jus-tice. But he went out of his way to wonder about Judge Rehnquist’s hold-ing in that case, Morrison v. Olson, that the independent counsel was con-stitutional. Why has Judge Kavanaugh gone out of his way to talk about the inde-pendent counsel when, in fact, there was no such case before him? I think he was sending a signal to this President: Don’t worry about the independent counsel as far as I am con-cerned. I quarrel with whether or not the independent counsel law is con-stitutional. If there wasn’t an independent coun-sel law, really, what would be the de-terrent to a lawless President? The deterrent, of course, would have to be impeachment. Impeachment is understood to be a political but dif-ficult process. That is why it is very hard to get. So right now, we have matters before the independent counsel that, indeed, are ordinary criminal and civil mat-ters. The notion that somebody sitting on any Federal court of the United States believes that the independent counsel statute is unconstitutional or could be—he hasn’t said that it is un-constitutional. He has come so close to it that it is noteworthy, for anyone judging whether he should go on the Supreme Court of the United States. Judge Kavanaugh has demonstrated such a departure from established American law that one wonders why he wants to be on the Supreme Court of the United States. He has made a life-time record of numerous dissents, I think, in order to show that he means to bring an even sharper departure from precedent than we have seen. One of the most important and most conservative ways in which the courts operate is by precedent. So it is very hard to overturn precedent. But a de-termined member of the Court can chip away at precedent, and, we are sure, can chip away at the rights of the mi-nority who is disproportionately de-pendent on a fair Supreme Court. So I say to my good friend from Pennsylvania that we have our work cut out for us. But the President’s dis-trict and circuit nominees have not all been upheld, and that should encourage us to know that, while we are not in the Senate, we do have two members of the Congressional Black Caucus who are in the Senate, and we must all be doing all we can here in the House to help them make the American people understand what is at stake and to make sure that the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Judge Brett Kavanaugh, does not become a member of the Supreme Court of the United States. I thank my good friend for his leader-ship this evening. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would ask my good colleague from the Dis-trict one or two questions, if I could. I listened very intently. One of my favorite decisions that came down was May 17, 1954, Brown v. Board of Edu-cation. Mr. Speaker, the President asked Black Americans, after he came to the city of Philadelphia, he said: What do we have to lose? I think, ‘‘what the hell do we have to lose?’’ So I ask the gentlewoman that ques-tion in the context of Brown v. Board of Education, and that is over 64 years ago now. And for where we are, I just heard her very succinctly say about his ability to chip away and not, you know, be able to fully overturn. So I would ask her to talk a little bit about how would she see anything re-lating to Brown v. Board of Education and his ability in any of his writings relating to that particular decision that came down. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, my good friend who raises the question about Brown v. Board of Education may seem to be raising the question about such settled law, both with the American people and the courts, that it couldn’t possibly come up. If I may first respond to the gen-tleman by saying that one of President Trump’s nominees was asked where she stood on Brown v. Board of Education, and she declined to give an answer. More than 50 years after the Supreme Court, for the first time, recognized that African Americans must be treat-ed the same as everyone else in the United States, we now have a nominee who questions even that precedent. You may not be able to overturn it, but consider the notion of chipping away any part of it, remembering what it meant is spread now not across schools, but across the juris prudence of equality. I appreciate the question. I say to my good friend from Pennsylvania, I appre-ciate the question so that Americans will understand that our opposition to Judge Kavanaugh is not far-fetched, that we are talking about a Supreme Court nominee, who leads us to believe that the most settled of decisions could be rocked by this nominee to the Su-preme Court. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would ask one other question. The gentlewoman also laid out the percentages of numbers. Does the gen-tlewoman think there is some sort of philosophical packing taking place here when she describes the 8 percent versus the 2 percent. But just the 8 per-cent, is there some type of strategy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.104 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6642 July 23, 2018 
going on here relating to packing the Court, the Highest Court in the land, at least in some way influencing for years, 25, 50 years down the line? Is there something going on here that the public should know and be aware of? The gentlewoman has obviously stud-ied the court system, the judicial sys-tem herself over many, many years. Has the gentlewoman ever seen—and I heard her make the comparison of President Bush, and I understood the comparison she made. It seems like there is something else going on here besides just putting indi-viduals on the Court, but there is something like some type of philo-sophical strategy going on here. Am I missing some point in what the gentlewoman just laid out to us? Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, that is a most interesting question. And as the gentleman indicated, I pointed out that I didn’t expect a Republican President to come anywhere near Democratic Presidents in proposing nominees. However, I don’t expect complete dis-dain for the importance of the courts to African Americans. I would not ex-pect the lowest number of African Americans appointed to the courts of the United States in memory, certainly not since the 20th century in Brown v. Board of Education. There had been some sense among Republican Presidents that one way to indicate that a Republican President believed in equal justice was to propose some African Americans on the court. Now, when you get to 90 percent—more than 90 percent nominees White, you are sending a very strong message on equal protection to African Americans. This President has been accused of racism because of some of the things he has said. For example, Charlottesville, when he seemed to be for those killing people and not against them. I am not sure what his personal views are, but I am sure that when he shows disdain for equal protection and has given us no evidence that he understands equal protection, that we have every reason to wonder what it is that he intends to do to show people of every background that he is for equal justice. It does seem to me that the President needs to make some gesture to indicate that he believes that all people are cre-ated equal. The best gesture would be to bite into this 90 percent—this 2 per-cent figure, a little over 2 percent fig-ure of African Americans appointed to the bench, raise that number, as the Congressional Black Caucus calls on him to do this evening. He may have, for example, been re-acting to those staff who have been giving him judges to appoint, but I say to you, I say to my good friend from Pennsylvania, that there are many Senators who, I am sure, have sug-gested some qualified African Amer-ican nominees or could do so. I would urge the President to wipe away this notion that he thinks the United States of America should have as close to an all White judiciary as he can get by talking to, listening to some Senators who I am almost certain will have already put forward some African Americans, or surely will be doing so in the future. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, the one last question I would ask the gentle-woman: The Congressional Black Cau-cus gave a document, as a matter of fact, to the President that said we have a lot to lose. In asking that question—and the gen-tlewoman has again done an excellent job in laying out historical perspective for where we are—obviously, as African Americans, it seems like, to me, there has to be a huge fear factor because, if the only check and balance, obviously, is the Congressional Black Caucus being the conscience of the Congress, and the United States Senate, you know, is that check and balance, what would you say to African Americans, Latinos, others relating to where we are, because this is a very crucial time. What would the gentlewoman say when he says, ‘‘What the hell do you have to lose?’’ and we say, ‘‘We have a lot to lose’’? What would you say? What would you say to the people? Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, the most important thing I would say to the peo-ple is look at that 49–51 figure of how close the Senate is, and within a couple of months, there will be an election. We could turn a lot of this around. If, as the polls tend to show, Demo-crats capture the House, and they are increasingly showing that they will keep the Senate, it seems to me all the American people can do now is take it to the ultimate remedy, and that is to change the Congress. And that way, it seems to me, would slow these nomi-nees or get nominees where there will be some consultation with Democrats, as there has been in the past, often, in the Senate because you want to get your nominee through. So I don’t think, by any means, that there is anything to fear because there is an election coming and I believe that what this nominee for the Supreme Court and others for the district courts—and here we have African Americans mindful of the district courts and the courts of appeals throughout the United States. Surely all of that is, forgive the word, ammu-nition to go to the polls to make sure we halt this stripping of equal protec-tion from the Federal courts of the United States. b2030 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the great District of Co-lumbia, where we need to make sure that she has a right to vote in this body is also something that needs to take place in terms of the District of Columbia and representation, and I thank her for that knowledge and in-formation that she has provided to us. I have someone else, Mr. Speaker, who I have grown deeply in under-standing her thoughts and her com-ments. I had the chance of visiting the Seventh Congressional District in the great State of Alabama. She is moving and making a lot of things happen there in Alabama. She definitely said: ‘‘I have to speak on this.’’ I heard her give some comments before on this, and she has some real thoughts about what is taking place in the courts. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ). Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I commend the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership on to-night’s topic. I also associate myself with his comments, as well as the com-ments of Delegate E
LEANOR HOLMES  N
ORTON . Congresswoman N ORTON has been a steward on the issue of judicial appointments in the United States Congress for many decades, and it is an honor to follow her tonight in her lead-ership against the Trump administra-tion’s attempt to stack the courts with extreme rightwing political allies. Just as President Trump has at-tacked our Nation’s free press, just as he has attacked our intelligence agen-cy, this President is now targeting our Nation’s third branch of government, our treasured court system. We cannot let President Trump destroy yet an-other institution of American democ-racy. The importance of a fair and non-partisan court system cannot be over-estimated. It is our Supreme Court, overall, that decided Brown v. Board of Education, the case that ended seg-regation in America’s schools. It was our courts which struck down voter suppression laws, like poll taxes that freed and allowed lots and lots of Afri-can Americans in my home State of Alabama to vote. It was the Supreme Court that protected the work of the free press and our Nation’s newspapers when President Nixon attempted to si-lence them. And it was our Supreme Court which struck down discrimina-tory State laws prohibiting interracial and gay marriage. Those court decisions were the prod-uct of judges and justices in our judi-cial system, who put our Constitution and the law first, irrespective of the pressure they faced from politicians and from Presidents. Mr. Speaker, the opposite can be true as well. When our courts are stacked with political allies, who put politics first and justice last, our Nation suf-fers. We need think of no other than the infamous Supreme Court decision which paved the way for Japanese American internment camps as an ex-ample. It is a reminder of all that can go wrong when our courts are stacked with political allies. Today, our court system continues to decide questions that will have con-sequences for generations to come. When it comes to gerrymandering and discriminatory voter ID laws, our courts are still considering cases that will impact our right to vote. As this administration continues its assault on our free press, we should have no doubt that the courts will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.094 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6643 July 23, 2018 
faced with First Amendment questions in the years to come. That is why President Trump’s at-tempt to stack the court is so con-cerning. Last year, this administration appointed nine appellate judges, more than any President since President Nixon during their first term in office. And where do those open appellate seats come from? These are judgeships which Republicans systematically held open during President Barack Obama’s final 2 years. I can speak with author-ity on that fact because, in the State of Alabama, we had not one, not two, but three open Federal judgeships that were held open for 2-plus years, and one 11th Circuit appellate judgeship that was held open for 2 years. Yes, the people of Alabama were not well served by the fact that my Repub-lican colleagues withheld appointing any person to that, in hopes that they would win the Presidential election in 2016. Now it was a good bet for them, but it was a bad bet for the American people and for the people of Alabama. For you see, the judges that were sit-ting, took on an inordinate amount of caseload that was unacceptable. I know that for one, in the Middle District of Alabama, there was a senior judge by the name of Myron Thompson, who had 120 percent caseload. Yes, that is right. As a senior judge, he not only had a caseload that surpassed his case-load when he was an active judge, but, as a senior judge, took on an extraor-dinary number of cases. Why? Because in the Middle District of Alabama, there was only one judge sitting, as well as one senior judge, Judge Thomp-son. This is unacceptable. This is an unac-ceptable play towards politics that, in the end, disserved the people of Ala-bama and disserved the American pub-lic. The same was true on the Supreme Court level. Yes, Judge Merrick Gar-land was supremely qualified to sit on the Supreme Court, and was President Obama’s choice to sit on the Supreme Court. But a year prior to the 2016 elec-tion, the GOP decided that it was not the time for a judge to be appointed when a Federal election was going to take place within a year. Now, one can say the same thing about the fact that we have a midterm election that is coming up in 2018. But, oh, no, we don’t get the same courtesy. This is politics before people, it is un-acceptable, and we should not take it sitting down. That is why I am very happy that the Congressional Black Caucus tonight, under the leadership of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, is talking about stacking of the Supreme Court and its importance to all Ameri-cans. I can speak firsthand how important the court system was to the civil rights and voting rights movement of Amer-ica. As a daughter of Selma, Alabama, and as the first Black congresswoman from the State of Alabama, I can tell you, unequivocally, that it was because of the protections of the equal protec-tion amendment, it was because of the Constitution and those brave judges, judges like Frank Johnson of the Mid-dle District of Alabama, who stood against pressure to do what was right for all Americans, interpreting the Constitution as it was meant to be: that all men and women are created equal, and that the equal protection of the law extends to all Americans, irre-spective of race and gender. So I think it is really important that we remember from whence we all come. This is a proud tradition that is impor-tant that we uphold. What is even more concerning is the temperament displayed by the court picks under this administration and their lack of qualification for the job. Last year, President Trump nominated four judicial nominees who didn’t pass the American Bar Association’s stand-ard for being rated qualified by the ABA. Now, that is a simple standard. The ABA standard of requiring that one be qualified is simple: a nominee must show integrity, professional com-petence, and judicial temperament. During his 8 years in office, President Obama never—I repeat—never selected a judicial nominee who received an un-qualified rating from the ABA. Yet, this President nominated four unquali-fied judicial candidates in a single year, which is the worst record in American history. One was to a Federal bench in Ala-bama. The nominee was Brett Talley, who withdrew his name in 2017 for his lack of judicial experience. He had never tried a case, and yet this person was nominated by this administration to a life appointment on the bench in the Middle District of Alabama. Unac-ceptable. Thank God, calmer and cool-er heads prevailed and he withdrew his name. But the reality is, having un-qualified candidates should not go under this administration. We should stand up and speak out against it. That is why I am glad to join with my colleagues from the Congressional Black Caucus as we talk about what is at stake. A heck of a lot is at stake. We have a lot to lose under this adminis-tration, and it starts with the Federal courts. The reason President Trump has elected so many unqualified judges to fill our courts is that they are political allies of the extreme right. Every sin-gle one of President Trump’s judicial nominees are allies of the rightwing, attacking women’s rights, attacking human rights, attacking healthcare and workers’ rights, and, of course, at-tacking voting rights. President Trump’s recent nominee of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court is no different. A review of Judge Kavanaugh’s record shows that he will drive the Supreme Court further to the right, threatening and further attack-ing healthcare, our right to vote, af-firmative action, and all of the impor-tant progress that we have made as a Nation when it comes to civil rights and civil liberties. It was Judge Kavanaugh who upheld a discriminatory voter ID law as a judge on the D.C. Court of Appeals. Faced with a South Carolina voter ID law, which the Obama administration reported would disenfranchise tens of thousands of minority voters, Judge Kavanaugh ruled that the measure was not discriminatory. The Obama administration said this same voter ID law violated the Voting Rights Act of 1965, a similar piece of legislation, and Judge Kavanaugh ap-proved it. That is bad news for voting rights. And where I come from, rep-resenting Alabama’s Seventh Congres-sional District, the voting rights, and the civil rights district of America, that is bad news for Americans. We should stand up for the equal rights of all Americans to vote. There should be no modern-day barriers to voting. And to have a Supreme Court nominee who has so blatantly gone against that is unacceptable. Mr. Speaker, on voting rights and so many other issues, from healthcare to police brutality, the American people cannot trust Trump’s judicial nomi-nees to put the law before politics. We must call on the Senate to stop Presi-dent Trump’s attempt to stack the courts. Nothing less than the third branch of government, our democracy, is at stake. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for allowing me to speak on this issue, and I ask that all Americans oppose this nominee to the Supreme Court. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask my colleague from the great State of Alabama a question. This President talked about cleaning up the swamp. She may recall he talked about that issue. From listening to her just now, it appears that we know how it was taking place with his Cabinet, but we are talking about something very sacred, and that is the courts. Can she talk a little bit about, does she see cleaning up the swamp taking place here relating to the courts? Because as I listened to her, it sounds like the courts are not being cleaned up. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is exactly right. The swamp only needs to be cleaned up when the swamp doesn’t agree with this President. We have seen, in the nomination of Brett Talley to Alabama’s Middle Dis-trict, that he did not report that his wife worked for the White House coun-sel. Now, this, to me, is an important disclosure. You can’t be more on the inside, in the swamp, drowning in the swamp, than to have a relationship like your wife working for the White House. I think it is really hypocritical that this White House would talk about draining the swamp, and yet choose ju-dicial nominees that are clearly in line with far rightwing views and are clear-ly a part of the problem, not a part of the solution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.096 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6644 July 23, 2018 
I think that we, the American people, need to really speak out when it comes to the Supreme Court nominee, and, actually, all Federal judgeships. I had the great honor of clerking for the first African American judge in the State of Alabama, Judge U.W. Clemon. It was a great honor of my life as a young lawyer to sit at his feet and to learn. And I have to tell you that it is disheartening to me to see people who are woefully unqualified getting the opportunity to be nominated to a Fed-eral bench. These are life appoint-ments, life appointments that allow people to sit in those seats for decades to come and, therefore, decide deci-sions decades to come. b2045 I know that when you talk to our Senators, they will, if they are truth-ful, tell you that some of the most pressing legacy issues for them are the nominations to the Supreme Court and the nominations to the Federal court. Why? Because these nominations, life appointments, have lasting effects that yield way beyond the actual nomina-tion itself. It is unfortunate to me, because when we think about, of the three branches government that worked for the civil rights movement and worked for all those freedom fighters, it was the Federal court that, with its inde-pendence, was able to grant so many opportunities to those freedom riders. I think about Frank Johnson, a young judge from Montgomery, Ala-bama, who grew up in rural Alabama and had the temerity, had the audac-ity, had the courage to do what was right in the face of mounting pressures that came from his White citizenry around him to do the right thing and to actually issue that injunction that al-lowed marchers, such as our colleague, J
OHN LEWIS, to march across the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge, which brought us the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Where is our courage today? I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania. We have to stand up in the face of such overt partisanship and speak out against it. The balance of the Court is so impor-tant. So much of the progress that we have seen as a Nation, we have always been one Supreme Court Justice away from a lot of that progress being erod-ed. It is with great sadness that I see Justice Kennedy leave, but it is with greater sadness that I see the nominee, Kavanaugh, coming before the Senate for confirmation as the next Federal Justice. I do know that politics and elections have consequences, but when I think about the scale of progress and what affects that progress, nothing is more telling, nothing is more important, than the Supreme Court. I hope that aggrieved persons, irre-spective of their gender, irrespective of their race and who they love, that they can come before the Supreme Court and get a fair hearing. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask my colleague another ques-tion, but before I do that, may I in-quire as to how much time is remain-ing. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FASO). The gentleman from Pennsyl-vania has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, in the past, Judge Kavanaugh has emphasized the importance of ‘‘checking political alliances at the door.’’ So I ask the gentlewoman that ques-tion relating to what she just said be-cause, in addition to the dark future for landmark decisions like Roe v. Wade, voting rights, affirmative ac-tion, Brown v. Board of Education, ac-cessibility to affordable healthcare could be greatly diminished, the gen-tlewoman said that has consequences. And this is his quote. He said ‘‘check political alliances at the door.’’ So tell us now, we have got about 4 minutes, tell us, can we believe that he will check the political alliances? Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Well, he has a very expansive record. He sat on the bench now for over a decade, so there is an expansive record there. I be-lieve in looking at a person’s record to be able to tell what they will do in the future. His past has shown that he is square-ly aligned with the Federalist Society, squarely aligned with the far right. It is because of his extreme views that he is now the nominee. Now, I would love for him to prove me wrong, but one’s history, one’s past, is a judge of what one will do in the fu-ture. So my great fear is about issues such as the right of the executive branch to overreach. His decisions that relate to that, to me, are why I believe this President chose him, because there has been some overreaching going on in the executive branch, and this Presi-dent feels that this judge will be more partial toward him. Now, let’s just be very clear. The judge should be about being partial to-ward the facts and toward the law, ir-respective of who the petitioner is. I can tell you that often people say that justice is blind. But the reality is jus-tice often is seen through the eyes of the experience of the judges. That is why it is important to have a bench that is diverse, a bench that has diver-sity of thought, diversity of philosophy and ideas, because, at the end of the day, we are not monolithic as a people. We all have different views, and we come to those perspectives based on our experiences. Frankly, this particular judge, this particular nominee, Kavanaugh, does not show that diversity of experience. His views have been clearly aligned with the far right, and I believe that that is woefully out of character with the American public. I believe that the American public is far more centrist than that and that the American public deserves better than that. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Alabama, and I really appreciate her comments and help. In closing, Mr. Speaker, the Congres-sional Black Caucus, with both of my colleagues, all of them today, really have shown how we need to be very conscious of this decision that the Sen-ate is about to make. This is extremely important in talking about the future in America, and we need to understand that we must operate under the Con-stitution and the rule of law. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to join my colleagues in unequivocally condemning the President’s gross assault on the independence of the federal judiciary by stacking the federal courts with unqualified nominees. Since his inauguration a year and six months ago, the President and his supporters in the Senate have proceeded at breakneck speed to nominate ideological, often-unquali-fied candidates. In his first 330 days in office, the President had won confirmation for 12 of his appeals court nominees—the most in an administra-tion’s first year since creation of the circuit court system in 1891. The President’s appellate nominees were approved by the Senate in an average of just 20 days after being voted out of the com-mittee—which is eight times faster than Presi-dent Obama’s nominees. As a senior member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, I am concerned by the pervasive lack of oversight and partisanship that has poisoned our judiciary far more than the col-lection of highly publicized incidents would have us believe. We must remember that the judiciary abuses of this Administration are the continu-ation of the shameless partisanship of Senate Republicans first began with the theft of the seat of Judge Merrick Garland. Judge Garland had long been considered a prime prospect for the high court, serving as chief judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit—a frequent source of justices that is sometimes called the ‘‘little Supreme Court.’’ Widely regarded as a moderate, Judge Gar-land had been praised in the past by many Republicans, including influential senators such as O
RRIN HATCH of Utah. But even before President Obama had named Judge Garland, and in fact only hours after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, Sen-ate Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL de- clared in February 2016 that any appointment by the sitting president would be null and void. Senator M
CCONNELL foreclosed any consid-eration of a nominee for the vacancy until after the 2016 election, nearly a year away. Mr. Speaker, Supreme Court picks have often been controversial. There have been contentious hearings and floor debates and contested votes. But never has a nominee been ignored en-tirely, as if no vacancy existed. A federal lawsuit was filed to compel Sen-ator M
CCONNELL to hold a vote on Judge Gar-land, but it was dismissed because the plaintiff lacked stand-ins. This president has used the levers of his of-fice to continue to divide, rather than unite. When confronted with a replacement to the Supreme Court’s swing vote, the President has chosen an ideologue and a foot soldier of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.097 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6645 July 23, 2018 
the Republican Party and the conservative movement. To be sure, Brett Kavanaugh has accept-able credentials and has enjoyed an undistinguished tenure as a member of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. But, it is not his credentials or his pedigree which is worrisome. Rather, throughout his entire career—as a deputy in the right-wing’s crusade against President Bill Clinton during the 1990s, as a political operative fighting to prevent the re-count in Florida in 2000, which paved the way for the Supreme Court’s decision in Bush v. Gore, and thereafter a decade as a stalwart conservative on the country’s most important federal appellate court—Brett Kavanaugh has used his legal acumen in the service of decid-edly and uncompromisingly conservative causes. Instead of ensuring that the court will protect the rights of minorities, women, children, and society’s most vulnerable, the President has chosen to politicize our halls of justice. This President has used his Constitutional powers to push down on the scales of lady justice. Both of the President’s Supreme Court ap-pointees—Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh—have drawn withering criticism from respected organizations across the na-tion. Marc Morial, the president of the National Urban League, the oldest and largest commu-nity-based nonpartisan civil rights organization of its kind, condemned Neil Gorsuch’s nomina-tion and the regression of the Supreme Court on civil rights issues. More recently, the National Urban League, National Action Network, NAACP, NAACP Legal Defense Fund & National Coalition on Black Civic Participation urged citizens to con-tact Senators to delay confirming Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. The Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, a nonprofit formed in 1963 at the request of President Kennedy to involve the private bar in providing legal services address-ing racial discrimination, explicitly denounced Kavanaugh’s nomination. President and executive director of Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Kristen Clarke re-marked that in this critical time for civil rights protections under attack by the administration, ‘‘it would be an abdication of [the Senate’s] constitutional responsibility to merely rubber stamp Kavanaugh’s nomination’’ on partisan grounds. Rev. Al Sharpton, civil rights leader and President of National Action Network (NAN), released the following statement following President Donald Trump’s announcement of the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh: 
Some will pass this off as a middle of the road pick. Don’t be fooled. On every issue, Kavanaugh has proven to be an ideologue who will ignore our rights . . . This is a fight for the soul of our country, and we at Na-tional Action Network call on the Senate to stop Kavanaugh’s nomination at any cost— his confirmation would be a disastrous at-tack on basic human rights. 
The NAACP—with its cherished heritage of struggling for fair-minded justice, including when it was instrumental in defeating a Her-bert Hoover nominee to the Supreme Court, John Parker—characterized the Kavanaugh nomination as an effort to ‘‘re-make the Court in President Trump’s own image.’’ Fatima Goss Graves, President and CEO of the National Women’s Law Center (NWLC) expressed strong concern that Kavanaugh’s nomination could put women’s health, equality, dignity, and even lives on the line: ‘‘it will shift the balance of the Court, and could roll back rights for an entire generation.’’ The backlash has not only to do with the abandonment of the pursuit of justice for bla-tant partisanship, but also the flagrant breach of protocol in nominating Kavanaugh. Usually, the White House Counsel’s office maintains a list of potential nominees on hand, along with some basic information about them, long before an opening appears. An informal working group is assembled from several sections of the White House, in-cluding not just the counsel’s office but legisla-tive affairs, the vice president’s office, the chief of staff, and the Attorney General. Congressional leaders from both parties are consulted, as well: GOP strategist Ken Duberstein, who helped shepherd half a dozen Supreme Court nominees, said in an interview that it is critical the administration reaches out to both parties on Capitol Hill, as ‘‘there has to be some consultation, on both sides of the aisle, coming from the White House.’’ Instead of this time-honored, bipartisan process, the President has relied heavily on the Federalist Society—a nationwide organiza-tion of conservative lawyers that openly seeks to ‘‘reorder priorities within the legal system to place a premium on conservative values.’’ Leonard Leo, the executive vice president of the Federalist Society, went as far as to take leave from the Society to construct a list of nominees for the President: granting such un-precedented access to an unashamedly par-tisan organization is a departure from conven-tion. This approach—partisanship above justice; loyalty above protocol—should be concerning and insulting to every American whose civil liberties are at stake. But more disturbing than partisanship in ju-dicial nominations is the deliberate appoint-ment of unqualified candidates. Thomas Farr, the Raleigh attorney nomi-nated for a judicial appointment to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina, received the wholehearted support of the President and North Carolina’s two U.S. senators, while two qualified African-American women could not even get a hearing. Farr has been the lead attorney in a series of recent legislative efforts to suppress political participation by African Americans in the state. In 2010, Farr advised the General Assembly in what federal courts later termed a ‘‘racial gerrymander’’ of North Carolina House, Sen-ate and U.S. Congressional districts. In separate lawsuits, each redistricting plan was proven to have intentionally discriminated against African-American voters. In 2013, the North Carolina General Assem-bly enacted a bill that shortened early voting, required voters to present government-issued IDs and eliminated same-day voter registration and out-of-precinct voting—all of which are forms of marginalization and voter suppres-sion. Farr advised the legislature on the bill and then became lead counsel in a three-year bat-tle to defend it. Federal courts ruled the law unconstitutional and an attempt to disenfranchise African- American voters ‘‘with almost surgical preci-sion.’’ Farr began his notorious in voter suppres-sion and race-baiting career as a campaign aide to Senator Jesse Helms, who entered public life in campaigns that urged ‘‘White People Wake Up’’ and smeared the University of North Carolina as ‘‘the University of Ne-groes and Communists.’’ Helms was infamous for his diatribes against ‘‘Negro hoodlums’’ and ‘‘forced inte-gration,’’ and for touting the ‘‘purely scientific statistical evidence of natural racial distinction in group intellect.’’ Helms became the state’s most vociferous opponent of the civil rights movement, which, as late as 2005, Helms railed had ‘‘ripped away at the customs and institutions people cared about.’’ During Farr’s time on the campaign, the Helms Campaign Committee sent more than 105,000 post cards to African Americans falsely warning that they were ineligible to vote and could be arrested for voter fraud if they appeared at the polls. Farr denied having any knowledge of this effort, but a former Department of Justice offi-cial said the Helms disciple ‘‘absolutely’’ was involved in this and earlier illegal voter sup-pression tricks that the campaign described as ‘‘ballot security efforts.’’ A 1992 consent decree prohibited the cam-paign from tactics ‘‘to intimidate, threaten, co-erce, deter, or otherwise interfere with a quali-fied voter’s exercise of the franchise’’—and Thomas Farr signed the decree. More than 20 years later, during Farr’s de-fense of the election law that the Fourth Dis-trict Court ruled targeted African-American vot-ers ‘‘with almost surgical precision,’’ the judge in Winston-Salem asked Farr, ‘‘Why don’t y’all want people to vote?’’ A track record that continues to raise this question should prevent anyone from being appointed to the federal bench. But the problem is compounded by the fact that Farr would preside over the Eastern Dis-trict, which contains a majority of the state’s counties with the highest percentages of Afri-can–American residents. Despite being home to North Carolina’s ‘‘Black Belt,’’ the Eastern District has never had an African-American judge in its nearly century and half of existence. Senator BURR says Farr will ‘‘serve North Carolina well,’’ and Senator T
ILLIS—a sup- porter of the massive voter suppression and racialized redistricting that allowed Repub-licans to take a super majority in the state leg-islature—calls the President’s nominee ‘‘im-peccably qualified.’’ In doing so while blocking the hearings of May-Parker and Timmons-Goodson, these Senators insist North Carolina be revealed as backward-looking and bitter during nationally televised Senate hearings for a morally stained and unrepentant figure like Thomas Farr. Being a conservative is not the same thing as spending almost 40 years fighting to block full citizenship for all Americans. This nomination is not just about what Thomas Farr stands for—it is about what America stands for. Some nominations have been entirely incon-siderate of any standards of qualification that judicial nominees would otherwise be subject to. Matthew Petersen, a Trump nominee to a lifetime appointment on the U.S. District Court 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.046 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6646 July 23, 2018 
for the District of Columbia, withdrew from consideration for the seat in December 2017 days after a video clip showed him unable to answer basic questions about legal procedure. Petersen, a graduate of the University of Virginia Law School, was a member of the Federal Election Commission since 2008 but had no trial experience. His only connection to the Trump Adminis-tration was that his tenure on the FEC over-lapped with that of White House counsel Don McGahn for about five years. Petersen was one of three judicial nominees picked by President Trump to have withdrawn in that week amid criticism about their quali-fications. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY told the White House to ‘‘reconsider’’ the nominations of the other two nominees, both of whom were reported to have endorsed positions or groups that em-brace discrimination. A day later, both nominations were pulled. This gross disregard for competence is in-conceivable in any profession, much less our government. One of the two withdrawn for discrimination was Brett Talley. Talley had been rated ‘‘unanimously un-qualified’’ for the post by the American Bar As-sociation after an evaluation that questioned his experience. Talley had never argued a case, or even a motion, in federal court, he testified. Mr. Talley nevertheless won preliminary ap-proval from the Judiciary Committee’s Repub-lican majority to be a judge. Even after Talley’s nomination advanced through the Senate Judiciary Committee on an 11–9 party-line vote, media reports and good government groups cast doubt on his creden-tials for the spot on the U.S. District Court in Alabama. As he was awaiting a Senate floor vote, it emerged that Mr. Talley had not disclosed that he was married to White House Counsel Don McGahn’s chief of staff. It was further publicized that he had failed to disclose that he had apparently written thou-sands of pseudonymous posts on a University of Alabama sports fan website, including one defending the early Ku Klux Klan. Talley’s withdrawal is celebrated as a case in which civic awareness and activism by var-ious groups from media to good governance organizations pressured the government to do the right thing. One such organization that is critical to safeguarding fairness of justice in our court-rooms is the American Bar Association, which gave Talley the ‘‘unanimously unqualified’’ rat-ing. Since 1953, this venerable legal organiza-tion has played a critical, behind-the-scenes role in assessing judicial nominees and their fitness to serve on the bench. By the end of President Trump’s first year, the ABA deemed at least four of Trump’s judi-cial nominees ‘‘not qualified.’’ But with the ABA emerging as a major stumbling block in President Trump’s effort to transform the courts, our colleagues in the GOP accused the nonpartisan group of hold-ing a liberal slant and is seeking to sideline it. Instead of being equally concerned of the quality of judicial nominees put forth by this Administration, our colleagues chose to ignore the ABA and discredit the century-old group. ABA President Hilarie Bass said the group is a ‘‘nonpartisan organization that has fo-cused on legal issues and not politics’’ and that it has vetted thousands of judicial nomi-nees ‘‘fairly and in a nonpartisan fashion’’ under both Republican and Democratic admin-istrations. However, our colleagues are engaged in a desperate charge against factual truth itself. ‘‘The ABA’s record on judicial nominations has been highly questionable,’’ said Sen. TED C
RUZ(R–Texas), a member of the Senate Ju-diciary Committee, ‘‘it has demonstrated over past decades repeatedly partisan interests and ideological interests.’’ Arizona Sen. J
EFFFLAKE, who also sits on the Judiciary Committee and is a vocal GOP critic of Trump, added: ‘‘Not a big fan of the ABA.’’ ‘‘It’s blatantly political,’’ Flake said. ‘‘Often. Not always.’’ In a shift from the Obama Administration and a return to the policy of President George W. Bush, the administration decided earlier this year not to allow the ABA to review poten-tial candidates before they were nominated. Trump officials are abandoning the practice so Republicans can push through younger, conservative attorneys who may not have as much—if any—experience to a lifetime posi-tion on the bench. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in opposition of the Trump Administration’s misguided and foolish judicial nominations. I stand today as a woman, who fears for my fellow woman’s right to choose. I stand today as a granddaughter of immi-grants, who recognizes the value of immigra-tion to our, society and national identity. I stand today as an African American, who celebrates the progress our community has made in expanding civil rights in our nation, but recognizes the struggle yet left ahead. I stand today as a mother and grandmother, who is determined to hold our courts account-able to safeguarding our nation’s civil liberties for generations to come. I stand today as an American, because a ju-diciary that dispenses evenhanded justice is what defines who we are and what we stand for. Mr. Speaker, fellow members of Congress, let us be unequivocally clear that it is our re-sponsibility and our high call of service to our fellow citizens to defend the rule of law and preserve our courts as the bastion of justice in our nation. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the judicial branch serves as one of the key pillars of our democracy, charged with restraining both the legislative and execu-tive branches from reaching beyond their con-stitutional authority first envisioned by our Founding Fathers. The importance of having qualified judges on the bench is not only vital to the judiciary, but also to the proper func-tioning of our system of checks and bal-ances—and by extension, our democratic sys-tem. By stacking the courts with biased, un-qualified judges, President Trump and Senate Majority Leader M
CCONNELL are choosing party over their country in a manner that will cause enduring harm to the process and prin-ciples that we hold dear as a democratic na-tion. The nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court is already a dangerous threat to longstanding precedent on matters regarding civil rights, abortion, and government oversight. However, the lower fed-eral courts are equally as important to the judi-ciary’s ability to protect the fundamental rights that we enjoy as Americans. President Trump has demonstrated time and time again through his nominations of extreme candidates that he has little to no regard for due process, and has every intention of leaving behind a lifelong legacy of stacking the courts to favor radical right-wing conservatism. Mr. Speaker, the nominees being put forth by this Administration and the process by which they are being vetted is a wild and dan-gerous departure from regular order. Senate Republicans are knowingly sidestepping tradi-tional vetting protocols in order to rush right- wing judicial nominees through the process before the American people can react. It is a misguided practice that places partisan politics over the needs of the American people, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to oppose any unqualified nominee at every opportunity. f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. THORNBERRY submitted the following conference report and state-ment on the bill (H.R. 5515) to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: (For conference report and state-ment, see proceedings of the House of July 23, 2018, published in Book II.) 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of inclement weather affecting travel. 
f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on July 19, 2018, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 6042. To amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Fed-eral medical assistance percentage for Med-icaid personal care services furnished with-out an electronic visit verification system, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 52 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, July 24, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.047 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6647 July 23, 2018 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5716. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Lee K. Levy II, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5717. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Michael H. Shields, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5718. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Vir-ginia; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standard [EPA-R03-OAR-2017-0337; FRL-9980-68-Region 3] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5719. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — National Oil and Haz-ardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; National Priorities List: Partial Dele-tion of the Naval Industrial Reserve Ord-nance Plant Superfund Site [EPA-HQ- SFUND-1989-0007; FRL-9980-71-Region 5] re-ceived July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5720. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — National Oil and Haz-ardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; National Priorities List: Partial Dele-tion of the Beloit Corporation Superfund Site [EPA-HQ-SFUND-1990-0011; FRL-9980-64- Region 5] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5721. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Emissions Statement Requirement for the 2008 Ozone Standard [EPA-R03-OAR-2017- 0637; FRL-9980-70-Region 3] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5722. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ten-nessee; Revisions to Stage I and II Vapor Re-covery Requirements [EPA-R04-OAR-2017- 0740; FRL-9980-81-Region 4] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5723. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Ohio NSR PM2.5 Precursors [EPA-R05-OAR- 2017-0164; FRL-9980-92-Region 5] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5724. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Min-nesota; Flint Hills Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Re-vision [EPA-R05-OAR-2017-0099; FRL-9980-96- Region 5] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5725. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Michi-gan; Revisions to Part 9 Miscellaneous Rules [EPA-R05-OAR-2017-0100; FRL-9980-94-Region 5] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5726. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ken-tucky; 2008 Ozone NAAQS Interstate Trans-port SIP Requirements [EPA-R04-OAR-2018- 0142; FRL-9980-57-Region 4] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5727. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18-031, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 40(g)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5728. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-143, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5729. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-109, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5730. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-092, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5731. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18-004, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5732. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18-007, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5733. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (Transmittal No.: DDTC 17-119); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 5734. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-411, ‘‘All-Terrain Vehicle Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5735. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-412, ‘‘Attorney General Limited Grant-Making Authority Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5736. A letter from the Acting Director and General Counsel, Office of Government Eth-ics, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Ex-ecutive Branch Financial Disclosure, Quali-fied Trusts, and Certificates of Divestiture (RIN: 3209-AA00) received July 13, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5737. A letter from the Architect of the Capital, transmitting the semiannual report of disbursements for the operations of the Architect of the Capitol for the period of January 1, 2018, through June 30, 2018, pursu-ant to 2 U.S.C. 1868a(a); Public Law 113-76, div. I, title I, Sec. 1301(a); (128 Stat. 428) (H. Doc. No. 115—141); to the Committee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 5738. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper- Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic; 2017 Recreational Accountability Measure and Closure for Greater Amberjack [Docket No.: 140819686-5999-02] (RIN:0648-XF779) received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5739. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Authorization of Revised Re-porting Requirements Due to Catastrophic Conditions for Federal Seafood Dealers and Individual Fishing Quota Dealers in Portions of Florida [Docket Nos.: 090206140-91081-03 and 120405260-4258-02] (RIN: 0648-XF723) re-ceived July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5740. A letter from the Vice Chairman and Executive Director, Administrative Con-ference of the United States, transmitting recommendations adopted by the Conference at its 69th plenary session; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5741. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations, temporary regulations, and re-moval of temporary regulations — Inversions and Related Transactions [TD 9834] (RIN: 1545-BO20; 1545-BO22) received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 6077. A bill recognizing the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York (Rept. 115–854). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5979. A bill to establish the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monu-ment in the State of Kentucky as a unit of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23JY7.000 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6648 July 23, 2018 
the National Park System, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–855). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5613. A bill to designate the Quindaro Townsite in Kansas City, Kan-sas, as a National Historic Landmark, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–856). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 519. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–857). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 5954. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–858). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 1689. A bill to protect private property rights (Rept. 115–859). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1011. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 184) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6311) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to modify the definition of quali-fied health plan for purposes of the health in-surance premium tax credit and to allow in-dividuals purchasing health insurance in the individual market to purchase a lower pre-mium copper plan (Rept. 115–860). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1012. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6199) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain over-the-counter medical products as qualified medical expenses, and providing for proceedings during the period from July 27, 2018, through September 3, 2018 (Rept. 115– 861). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. COLE: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 6470. A bill making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–862). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee of Con-ference. Conference report on H.R. 5515. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–863). Ordered to be print-ed. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 6463. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to eliminate certain fuel excise taxes and impose a tax on greenhouse gas emissions to provide revenue for main-taining and building American infrastruc-ture, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Com-merce, Natural Resources, Education and the Workforce, Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, Science, Space, and Technology, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. POEof Texas, Ms. K
USTER of New Hamp-shire, and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 6464. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to increase transparency and reporting on campus sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 6465. A bill to repeal certain provi-sions of the Communications Act of 1934, title 17 of the United States Code, and the regulations of the Federal Communications Commission that intervened in the tele-vision marketplace, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 6466. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit corrupt foreign in-fluence over the President, the Vice Presi-dent, and their immediate family members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. L EE, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. R
USH, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-gia, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. B RADY of Penn-sylvania, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. S
ERRANO , and Mr. E VANS ): H.R. 6467. A bill to require the Secretary of Labor to establish a pilot program to provide grants for job guarantee programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H IG-
GINS of Louisiana, Mrs. L ESKO , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. D
UNN, Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. M
OOLENAAR ): H.R. 6468. A bill to direct that certain as-sessments with respect to toxicity of chemi-cals be carried out by the program offices of the Environmental Protection Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WILLIAMS (for himself, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. F ASO, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S
HUSTER , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. N OR-
MAN, Mr. B UDD, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. R OSS, Mr. C
HABOT , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. B
ARTON , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. S HIM-
KUS, Mr. S CALISE , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. V ELA, Mr. C
RIST, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. C LAY, Ms. L EE, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. R USH, and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 6469. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 75th anniversary of the integration of baseball; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 6471. A bill to amend the Rehabilita-tion Act of 1973 to clarify the use of submin-imum wage with respect to certain con-tracts; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. R USH, and Mr. S
HERMAN ): H.R. 6472. A bill to amend the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 6473. A bill to increase transparency with respect to loan repayment options for Federal student loan borrowers; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of Mississippi, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mr. M
CGOVERN ): H.R. 6474. A bill to amend the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Oct 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JULY\H23JY8.REC H23JY8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6649 July 23, 2018 
Act of 1998 to address deferred maintenance at agricultural research facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mr. GALLAGHER: H.R. 6475. A bill to require a determination on designation of the Russian Federation as a state sponsor of terrorism; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.R. 6476. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to ensure that the treatment of nat-ural gas vehicles is equal to the treatment of electric vehicles; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6477. A bill to include lead poisoning prevention and mitigation education as a purpose of the education and obesity preven-tion program carried out under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SARBANES (for himself and Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio): H.R. 6478. A bill to enhance competition for prescription drugs by increasing the ability of the Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission to enforce existing anti-trust laws regarding biologic and biosimilar products, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. H UDSON , Ms. M CSALLY , Ms. C
HENEY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B
ACON , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. W
ITTMAN ): H. Res. 1007. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that not fully resourcing the United States Army in a timely manner erodes the Army’s abil-ity to maintain readiness and poses risk to the Army’s ability to conduct military oper-ations; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Mr. S
CHIFF ): H. Res. 1008. A resolution affirming the United States’ commitment to the North At-lantic Treaty Organization and condemning President Donald Trump’s failure to con-front Vladimir Putin for Russia’s election in-terference and worldwide aggression, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. G
AL-
LAGHER , and Mr. B YRNE ): H. Res. 1009. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the lack of timely and predictable funding unnecessarily undermines the mission of the United States Special Operations Command and jeopardizes the security of the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. B
ACON , and Ms. C HENEY ): H. Res. 1010. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Air Force faces significant readiness challenges due to insufficient per-sonnel levels, a shrinking and depleted air-craft fleet, and maintenance deferrals, all of which are affected by budgetary uncertainty and impede the Air Force’s ability to meet ongoing and unexpected national security threats, putting United States national secu-rity at risk; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for him-self, Mr. Y
ODER , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. Q
UIGLEY ): H. Res. 1013. A resolution celebrating civic advocacy in the United States and sup-porting the designation of July 24th as Na-tional Advocacy Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. C
LARK of Massachu-setts, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. D OG-
GETT , and Mr. K ILDEE ): H. Res. 1014. A resolution accepting and strongly supporting the assessment of the in-telligence community with respect to Rus-sian Federation interference in the 2016 pres-idential election and calling on the Presi-dent of the United States to rescind the invi-tation to President Vladimir Putin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ): H. Res. 1015. A resolution commending the Department of Justice for its investigation into the interference by the Russian Federa-tion in the 2016 United States Presidential election, and maintaining that the Russian Federation must be held accountable for its actions; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committees on Intelligence (Permanent Select), the Judici-ary, Oversight and Government Reform, Fi-nancial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER (for himself and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H. Res. 1016. A resolution concurring in the judgement of the assessment provided by the United States intelligence community re-garding Russian interference in the 2016 pres-idential election; to the Committee on Intel-ligence (Permanent Select). f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
225. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Resolution No. 44, requesting the United States Congress to make permanent the authority of the Native Hawaiian Health Care Improvement Act, with all the funding resources necessary to effect this policy; which was referred to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 226. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Resolu-tion No. 11, engaging, endorsing, accepting, and adopting the United Nations seventeen sustainable development goals as compo-nents of a framework for addressing and as-sessing Hawaii’s efforts toward social justice and sustainability; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 227. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Resolu-tion No. 7, urging Hawaii’s congressional del-egation and the United States Congress to oppose federal ‘‘concealed carry reciprocity’’ legislation; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 228. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Resolu-tion No. 92, urging the United States Con-gress to pass legislation to clarify the status of migrants under the Compacts of Free As-sociation for purposes of the REAL ID Act of 2005, Public Law 109-13, 119 Stat. 302, to pro-mote fairness and equality under the law; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 229. Also, a memorial of the General As-sembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 175, condemning the federal government’s policy of sepa-rating immigrant children from their fami-lies and contends that the federal govern-ment’s actions are sanctioned child abuse; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 230. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Resolu-tion No. 37, endorsing the participation of Taiwan as an observer in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, International Civil Aviation Organization, World Health Organization, and Inter-national Criminal Police Organization; which was referred jointly to the Commit-tees on Foreign Affairs and Ways and Means. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 6463. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 6464. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 6465. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 6466. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18; Ar-ticle I, Section 9, Clause 8 By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6467. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution stating that The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 6468. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 6469. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 5 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23JY7.100 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6650 July 23, 2018 
By Mr. COLE: H.R. 6470 Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 6471. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. BASS: H.R. 6472. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This resolution is enacted pursuant to the power granted in Congress under Article I, Section I. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 6473. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6474. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clause 1 (General Welfare Clause) and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause), Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 (Property) By Mr. GALLAGHER: H.R. 6475. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution, which enumerates the power to ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign na-tions.’’ By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.R. 6476. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of section 8 of article 1 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6477. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The power to provide for the general Wel-fare of the United States under Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SARBANES: H.R. 6478. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 184: Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 242: Mr. R
USH, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. M ICHAEL  F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 371: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 398: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 502: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 647: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 754: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. S CHRADER . H.R. 930: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 936: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 947: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 997: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 1098: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 1102: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 1201: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 1272: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1291: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 1298: Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mr. M CEACHIN , and Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 1300: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. B
ACON , and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 1421: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 1439: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 1516: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1542: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 1552: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 1635: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1876: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 1904: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 1960: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C APU-
ANO, and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2004: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 2315: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. T AYLOR , and Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 2401: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 2409: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 2421: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2617: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 2687: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2748: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2790: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 2827: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 2832: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 2853: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2871: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 2946: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 3032: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida and Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3132: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3302: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 3464: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 3513: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 3592: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 3602: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 3635: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 3671: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3751: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 3798: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 3919: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 3976: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4077: Miss R
ICEof New York and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 4099: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. L
ESKO , and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 4222: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4250: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 4256: Mr. C
LEAVER , Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 4276: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 4314: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 4673: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 4691: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4693: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4733: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. O’R
OURKE , and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 4897: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. K EN-
NEDY . H.R. 4957: Ms. L
OFGREN and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 5003: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 5011: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 5038: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 5107: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mrs. L ESKO . H.R. 5129: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 5132: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 5145: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 5147: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 5155: Mr. C
A´RDENAS and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 5281: Mr. B
UCKand Mr. C OLE. H.R. 5292: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 5306: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 5389: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 5425: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5467: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5545: Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. N
ADLER , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 5553: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5561: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5574: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 5588: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 5609: Ms. K
APTUR and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5670: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 5671: Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. M OORE , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , and Mr. C RAWFORD . H.R. 5754: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 5860: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 5879: Mr. R
OSS, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. M AT-
SUI, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. M ENG, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C RAWFORD , Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5882: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 6011: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 6014: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 6016: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 6071: Mr. C
ROWLEY and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 6079: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 6080: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 6108: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 6131: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 6145: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 6159: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 6179: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 6184: Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Mr. K
IND, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 6219: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 6231: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 6236: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 6249: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. P ANETTA , and Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 6270: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 6275: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 6292: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 6295: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 6308: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 6325: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.036 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6651 July 23, 2018 
H.R. 6326: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 6358: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 6377: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 6378: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 6395: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 6409: Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 6417: Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. A
RRINGTON , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. B ACON , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. B
YRNE , and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 6422: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 6423: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 6426: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 6437: Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 6439: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE and Mr. G ALLA -
GHER . H.R. 6443: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 6449: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 6450: Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. J
ORDAN , and Mr. C RAWFORD . H.R. 6455: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. D ONO-
VAN, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 6460: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana and Mr. L
AMBORN . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C
APUANO , and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.J. Res. 53: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 10: Ms. T
ENNEY and Mr. L
OEBSACK . H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. I
SSA, and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H. Res. 283: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H. Res. 319: Mr. L
AMBORN . H. Res. 763: Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H. Res. 864: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. H. Res. 975: Mr. P
ANETTA . H. Res. 977: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H. Res. 993: Mr. V
ELA, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. P
OCAN , and Mr. C RIST. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MR. KEVIN BRADY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 184 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BY MR. KEVIN BRADY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 5963 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 2069: Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
118. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose an amendment to the United States Con-stitution, pursuant to Article V, that would require a candidate for, or an incumbent of, the United States House of Representatives, from a State having multiple members of the House, to actually reside within the par-ticular congressional district for which he or she is a candidate or an incumbent; which was referred to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
N O T I C E For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of July 23, 2018, published in Book II. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.041 H23JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5115 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 23, 2018 No. 123 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Lord of the Universe, we find our joy from trusting You. Today, we trust in Your promise to supply all our needs from Your glorious riches in Heaven. As we differ in faces, so we are dif-ferent in our needs. Provide for our needs from the riches of Your grace. Lord, surround our lawmakers with the shield of Your Divine favor. Re-mind them that they wrestle against forces that are often stronger and more determined than they may imagine. Help them to claim Your promise that You will not withhold any good thing from those who do what is right. In-spire our Senators to call on You in all of life’s seasons. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. The majority whip. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, it is hard for me to believe, but it has only been 2 weeks since I was at the White House, along with many of our other colleagues, to await the President’s an-nouncement of who would fill the Su-preme Court vacancy left by the retire-ment of Justice Anthony Kennedy. At that time, the President had said he had narrowed the candidates to a field of four, all of whom were well known and well qualified. I was personally pleased that he had selected Judge Brett Kavanaugh, a can-didate whom I had been proud to intro-duce and support early in my career in the Senate when he was nominated and confirmed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. That would have been back in 2006. His academic back-ground, his longstanding experience in public service, and his now 12-year record of faithfully applying the law as an appellant judge on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, I believe, make him exactly the type of jurist we should want to serve on our Nation’s highest Court. We know the attacks already began even before the nominee was an-nounced. To me, that was the most telling thing of all. One leftwing group’s literal fill-in-the-blank press release confirmed all of the terrible things that nominee xx was going to do when nominee xx was nominated to the Supreme Court. Last week, the leader rightfully referred to this as the ‘‘fill- in-the-blank’’ opposition. If you can come out with such certainty and such vigor against an unnamed nominee, it looks to me like you really don’t have an open mind in the first place. Now Judge Kavanaugh’s name has been filled in, and the attacks have been more direct and more personal. They have attempted to attack his qualifications, but that has sputtered out pretty quickly given that Judge Kavanaugh’s qualifications are unas-sailable. No one can argue that he is not impeccably well suited for a seat on the Nation’s highest Court. The Nation first got a glimpse of Judge Kavanaugh’s character when he spoke at the White House. We heard about his being an only child who had grown up with two hard-working par-ents and who still refers to his mom as being the original Judge Kavanaugh because of her service on the State court bench in Maryland. We heard about his being a loving father of two daughters and being referred to as ‘‘Coach K’’ because of the coaching of his daughters’ basketball teams. We also heard about his being a public servant who has been devoted to sup-porting his community and living out his faith. Yet let’s set all of these char-acter traits aside for a moment be-cause, in the end, these aren’t the pri-mary measures we will use to confirm this nomination. Judge Kavanaugh graduated with honors from Yale College. He attended Yale Law, and he clerked for two Fed-eral appellate judges before clerking for Justice Kennedy on the U.S. Su-preme Court. He then went on to pri-vate practice, and, from there, he went to work at the White House, where he started in the counsel’s office before becoming the Staff Secretary to Presi-dent George W. Bush. Let me pause there for a moment and remind people what the Staff Secretary does because, I suspect, there are going to be requests for a lot of documents he touched during the time he was Staff Secretary. As I understand the role of Staff Secretary at the White House, there has to be one final person who de-termines that a document is ready for the President’s signature. Has it been properly vetted for policy statements? Is it in the correct application of what-ever the current law is that pertains to that topic? More than anything else, it just has to have one final stop that tells the President: OK. We have checked all of this out. We have con-sulted with all of the relevant people, and this document is now ready for your signature. In almost no case did Judge Kavanaugh generate the document or author the document. It was written by somebody else. He had merely con-firmed it was in its proper shape after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.000 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5116 July 23, 2018 
having consulted with the people who did write it and after having consulted with the authorities who were respon-sible for that policy. I suspect we are going to hear of re-quests for millions of documents that came across his desk while he was Staff Secretary, virtually none of which will have any bearing whatsoever on his fit-ness or qualifications to serve on the Supreme Court. More relevant, though, are the 12 years he served on the Federal appel-late bench here in Washington, DC. The DC Circuit Court has sometimes been called the second highest court in the Nation. We have seen Judge Kavanaugh earn a reputation for being a fair, well- respected jurist who has a record of faithfully applying the law as written. While it is clear that Judge Kavanaugh is uniquely qualified to serve on the Supreme Court, if I were dreaming up the right qualifications and temperament and experience, I am not sure I could have picked a better person. In its failing to find fault with his character and his qualifications, here is where the opposition has moved in its outlandish claims about how he may apply personal political views to the law. The opposition started by digging up an old law review article Judge Kavanaugh wrote for the Minnesota Law Review that made the case that Congress should consider enacting leg-islation to govern a sitting President’s lawsuits and investigations. Some of our colleagues have already begun to twist the words in the article and mis-lead the American people into believ-ing he argued the President could never be investigated or prosecuted. In fact, the Washington Post fact- check called these claims an ‘‘extreme distortion’’ of Judge Kavanaugh’s views. It is a bogus conspiracy theory that is only being made by those who haven’t reviewed the article or don’t want to but who clearly want to try to damage the nomination. In his article, Judge Kavanaugh explicitly wrote that he believes no one is above the law. His point was not to take away checks on the President but only to say Congress might want to consider passing addi-tional legislation. Some of our friends across the aisle then argued that if confirmed, Judge Kavanaugh would be the deciding vote to overturn the Affordable Care Act, including to overturn protections for preexisting conditions. This is so far-fetched that the New York Times fact- check from two health law professors debunked the claim and called these arguments ‘‘overstated’’ and that in Judge Kavanaugh’s writings on the topic, he focused on specific legal issues, as judges are supposed to do in the cases that are presented to them. Most every one of our colleagues agrees that preexisting conditions should be covered, but that is a policy decision for Congress. What a specious idea to suggest that somehow this judge who served on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals for 12 years is some crusader who is determined to under-mine preexisting conditions coverage for the American people. It is just a loony idea. It is precisely why we, as elected officials, are the ones to make the law and to make policy and to rep-resent the interests of those we serve. When our constituents don’t think we are doing a very good job, they can tell us: Hey, you need to be doing a better job, and if you don’t, then I am going to exercise my right at the next elec-tion to vote against you. Judges, though, are presented not with a policy or a political or an ideo-logical agenda that they are supposed to pursue but, rather, with specific cases and facts. Then they are to apply the law without having any pre-disposed policy preferences. That is what judges do. Opposing him based on a guess of how he might rule on a given case that may or may not ever come before him is an act of pure despera-tion. Don’t they remember the standards set by Justice Ginsburg, who declined to prejudge any case since she said that would be inappropriate? As she said in her own confirmation, that sort of as-surance is completely wrong. Justice Ginsburg gave what, I think, is the cor-rect response to such requests, saying she would offer no hints, no forecasts, and no previews of her specific rulings. As a former State court judge and justice myself, I strongly believe those who serve in our judicial branch must put their personal, political, and ideo-logical beliefs aside and apply the law as written. If you can’t do that, you ought to run for the legislature or city council or county commissioner, not serve as Federal judges. I believe at-tempts to predict how Justices will de-cide particular cases are futile, par-ticularly when you have a judge who calls balls and strikes as he or she sees them. Cases depend on specific facts and circumstances as well as on the lengthy and detailed legal arguments by the parties who come before the Court. I hope our colleagues will spend less time dreaming up hypotheticals that will never come to pass and more time in meeting with and in getting to know Judge Kavanaugh, which, so far, they have declined to do. If they want to get to know the man and the judge, I hope they will take him up on the offer to sit down and talk to them and to an-swer their questions and explain how his judicial philosophy would be put into action. Thank goodness for a couple of our colleagues, both the junior Senator from North Dakota and the senior Sen-ator from West Virginia. They were quick to say they will not be influ-enced by their leadership’s pressure or messaging from their far-left base. Let’s hope others will follow suit. In having failed to pick apart Judge Kavanaugh’s character or his 12-year judicial record, some of our colleagues are now requesting to see every piece of paper—every email, every docu-ment—from Judge Kavanaugh’s career at the Bush White House. I agree we should fully vet the nominee, and it makes sense to review documents that are important to the confirmation process. Yet, with nearly half of the Demo-crats having already announced their opposition to this nomination, why are they requesting these documents? Is it because it would cause them to recon-sider their opposition to his nomina-tion? I think they have pretty much made a political decision to oppose the nomination, so any effort to force the production of documents that will not have any relevance whatsoever to his qualifications makes no sense. Instead, we know some of these demands are being made merely so they may drag their feet—as a pretext in order to delay Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation. Instead of chasing after irrelevant records from the Bush White House, I urge our colleagues to read Judge Kavanaugh’s opinions and meet with the judge and get to know him. Sadly, I have heard, as I said, that virtually all of the Democrats have, so far, not been able to or have not found time to meet with the judge, which, I think, is a shame. Despite the attacks, the attempts to distract, and the efforts to stall, though, the American people can be as-sured of one thing—we will press for-ward in our vetting process and vote on the confirmation of Judge Kavanaugh this fall in advance of the October term of the Supreme Court. The majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , has made it clear that if there is foot-dragging, and this is drug out beyond the first Monday in November, when the Su-preme Court has its first oral argu-ment, we will stay here until the bitter end—all the way up to and including the midterm elections on November 6. That would be the consequence of drag-ging this out for no good reason, but we will vote on his nomination before the midterm election. 
f 
NOMINATION OF ROBERT WILKIE Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, on an-other note, we will vote today on the nomination of Robert Wilkie to be Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. Mr. Wilkie brings to this position a firsthand understanding of the mental and physical demands of military life. The son of an Army commander who was wounded in Cambodia during the Vietnam war, he said his father’s re-covery was at the forefront of his mind when he was offered the position at the Veterans Health Administration. He himself is an Air Force Reserve officer who has spent three decades helping to shape military policy. In fact, he started out his career in this very Chamber and worked, most recently, for our friend from North Carolina, Senator T
ILLIS . He holds a law degree and multiple master’s de-grees, but he has had real-world experi-ence as the Under Secretary of Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.002 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5117 July 23, 2018 
for Personnel and Readiness, as Assist-ant Secretary of Defense, and as Senior Director of the National Security Council. Those are positions of great responsibility and great importance. My home State of Texas is home to 1 in 12 veterans, so having a well-func-tioning Veterans Health Administra-tion is crucial to my State. Mr. Wilkie, I believe, has the experi-ence, the compassion, and the drive to make sure our Department of Veterans Affairs can efficiently and effectively serve those who have served in uni-form, to whom we owe a moral duty. No nominee for this position has ever received a ‘‘no’’ vote on the Senate floor, and my hope is, we continue that tradition during the vote today. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FAMILY SEPARATION Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, do you remember children being separated from their families? This crisis is far from over. As a matter of fact, we found out it is not 2,000 children; it is 3,000 children. A district court judge in San Diego has ordered the administration to re-unite all of the families who were sepa-rated at the border by Thursday. Yet with the deadline looming this week, the administration continues to cite the many obstacles it says that are hindering the work they are trying to do to comply with the court’s order. When I went to the detention center in Homestead, FL, they said they were going to reunite families soon there-after. That was more than a month and a half ago. As a matter of fact, of the 1,300 children that had been separated from their parents, there were 70 of them who were there. They would not let me speak to them, so I inquired about whether the children had been able to speak to their parents on the phone. I was told that of the 70, 62 of the children had spoken to their parents. It has recently been made clear why some of those families have been unable to connect for so long. A report that was just pub-lished stated that the administration— the Trump administration—has been charging detained parents—get this—as much as $8 a minute to call their chil-dren. These children were separated from their parents because the admin-istration separated them. That is $8 a minute if you want to talk to your child. That is a new low. Charging these families an exorbi-tant fee such as this, just to talk—just to talk—to their children, when the cost of providing that service is mini-mal, that is not even a conscionable act. Many of those families have come and asked for political asylum. They are asking for what the law provides, and yet we have separated the children from their parents and have prevented those parents from simply using the telephone to contact their children. Many of those children are just terri-fied, and they are being held thousands of miles away. It is not only unneces-sary, it is simply cruel. It also seems to fly in the face of ICE’s own policy to permit calls by de-tainees to immediate family members in case there are family emergencies and to do so at a reasonable cost, cer-tainly not $8 a minute for poor families who don’t have $1, much less $8. A number of us in the Senate have now sent a letter urging the administration to stop this ridiculous practice and allow those parents the ability to talk to their children. The list of obstacles this administra-tion claims it is facing in order to re-unite the families seems to be never- ending. But I would suggest that the list of obstacles the administration has created for these families to overcome, just to see their children again, seems to go on and on. As a country, the United States is better than this. We should be making it easier for these families to reconnect and ultimately bring them back to-gether, as the court has ordered. There are many in this Chamber who would certainly join with me. We are not going to turn our backs on these chil-dren. We will continue to fight to en-sure that they and everyone else are being treated the way the American people want them to be treated. I urge this administration to do the same, and I urge the administration to pay attention to the letter by a couple of dozen Senators that is coming to them today. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
OOZMAN ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on Saturday, the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee received the completed ques-tionnaire from Brett Kavanaugh, Presi-dent Trump’s nominee to the Supreme Court. As legal minds on both sides of the aisle pore over these preliminary docu-ments, a common thread has already emerged: Brett Kavanaugh seems to have an imperial conception of the American Presidency. He has written that a sitting President shouldn’t be subject to civil or criminal investiga-tions while in office. In at least three separate instances, Brett Kavanaugh has shown a willing-ness to openly question precedent re-lating to Presidential power and Presi-dential accountability. First, in his opinion in Seven-Sky v. Holder, Kavanaugh wrote that the President does not have to enforce the laws if he ‘‘deems’’ a statute unconsti-tutional, regardless of whether a court has already held it constitutional. What the heck do we have a Supreme Court for? If the President can deem a law unconstitutional even after the courts have ruled it is and then not obey it—wow. That goes very far. I fear to think what this President, in par-ticular, who doesn’t seem to have much respect for the rule of law or people who disagree with him, will do if that becomes the law. Second, when Brett Kavanaugh was asked which case he would choose if he could overturn precedent in any one case, he said the decision in Morrison v. Olson. That is the case that upheld the constitutionality of the inde-pendent counsel law. Many of us did not agree with the independent counsel law, but it is tell-ing that the first and only case Brett Kavanaugh cited when asked ‘‘What case would you overrule, would you overturn stare decisis on?’’ was a case about executive accountability. Third and most recently, on Satur-day, we learned that Brett Kavanaugh even believes that the 8-to-0 decision in United States v. Nixon may have been wrongly decided. This new revelation adds to the body of evidence that Kavanaugh believes sitting Presidents should be free from civil and criminal investigations while in office—a view, of course, that could have significant ramifications for the future of the Presidency and our democracy. Let me ask this Senate and the American people a very important question: If Kavanaugh would have let Nixon off the hook, what is he willing to do for President Trump? Alarm bells should be going off for anyone who be-lieves in checks and balances. It is a fundamental principle of our democracy that no one is above the law, including the President. Our Presidents are not Kings. But Brett Kavanaugh’s jurisprudence does not bode well for the future rulings on the accountability of the President, includ-ing those that may arise from Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. Kavanaugh’s views of an imperial Presidency would be alarming under any President, but it is especially alarming under President Trump, who almost daily tests the bounds of our Constitution, the separation of powers, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.004 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5118 July 23, 2018 
and the rule of law. It almost seems that anyone who criticizes him is be-yond the pale, is fake, is dishonest. As the revelation about the Nixon case shows, there is still much we don’t know about Judge Kavanaugh. The Senate and the American people de-serve to know where Judge Kavanaugh stands on a host of issues. After all, the Supreme Court is a lifetime appoint-ment with enormous power—the power to overrule the elected bodies of gov-ernment. Given that the hearing process for the Supreme Court has tended to be more of a public relations exercise for nominees rather than a legitimate ex-amination of judicial philosophy, Judge Kavanaugh’s papers might be the best and only way to judge what kind of a Justice he might be. My Re-publican friends understood this when it came to Justice Kagan, who had served in key positions in prior admin-istrations, much like Judge Kavanaugh. They were then in the mi-nority, as we are now, when Judge Kagan was nominated, but our Repub-lican colleagues demanded the entire paper history of then-Solicitor General Kagan before moving forward with her nomination, and Democrats agreed. In a joint letter to the director of the Clinton Library, the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Com-mittee at the time—Senator L
EAHY , the chairman, and Senator Jeff Ses-sions, now Attorney General, but then the ranking Republican on the com-mittee—wrote that they expected ‘‘all records containing documents written by, edited by, prepared in whole or part by, under the supervision of, or at the direction of Elena Kagan, as well as documents referencing Elena Kagan by name, initials, or title, and documents received by or sent to Elena Kagan.’’ A Democratic chairman and Repub-lican Senator Sessions, the ranking member, asked for every single docu-ment of Elena Kagan’s record. Why should such a standard apply to Justice Kagan but not to Judge Kavanaugh? I have taken the liberty of editing the letter sent by Senators Sessions and L
EAHY . It didn’t take much work to make it directly applicable today. It is the same letter, same request, sim-ply crossing out every time it mentions Kagan and putting in the name ‘‘Kavanaugh.’’ There was no change. It is the same standard. I have already heard from my Repub-lican colleagues, including Chairman G
RASSLEY , that there is no reason to review Judge Kavanaugh’s full record before proceeding with his nomination. I have had enough of the two- facedness, the total hypocrisy on judges, where somehow our Republican colleagues say it is good one way when we have a Democratic President and the opposite should take effect when we have a Republican President. That is what they are doing with the records here first of Judge Kagan and now Judge Kavanaugh. Well, I say to my Republican col-leagues, what is good for Justice Kagan—let’s call it the Kagan stand-ard—is good enough for Judge Kavanaugh—paraphrasing, of course, what is good for the goose is good for the gander. The Senate’s duty to advise and con-sent does not mean move as hastily as possible. For the benefit of this body, for the sake of consistency, and for the honor of this Chamber, I hope my Re-publican friends join Democrats in ask-ing for and waiting for all the docu-ments related to Judge Kavanaugh. The American people have a right to know what is there, and the Senate must have enough time to review the body of work before making an unal-terable decision on a lifetime appoint-ment to the Nation’s highest Court. f 
TRUMP-PUTIN SUMMIT Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on Russia, a week ago today, President Trump met with President Putin in Helsinki, and with the world watching, failed to show an ounce of strength in defense of American interests. What followed was an embarrassing week of insincere walk backs and mixed messages, culminating on Fri-day in a bizarre invitation for Presi-dent Putin to visit the White House this fall—something the President’s own Director of National Intelligence, Mr. Coats, was not made aware of. It is not hyperbolic to say that last week may have been one of the worst weeks in American foreign policy in recent memory. In the face of these stunning events, what have my Republican colleagues done to rein in the President? I am sad to report, virtually nothing. In the full week since the Helsinki summit, Re-publicans failed to take meaningful ac-tion to hold the President accountable for his foreign policy blunders in Fin-land. Republicans have offered words of rebuke, statements, disappointed tweets, but they have not backed up any of those words with the force of ac-tion. I have seen my colleagues shrug their shoulders as if there weren’t anything the U.S. Senate could do to check this President, even though they feel in their hearts, I know, that he needs checking. I mentioned several ways the Senate could grapple with and push back a bit on what President Trump has done: bring in his national security team and translator to testify before Congress, particularly so we can tell what happened in that 2 hours when Putin and Trump were alone; pass leg-islation to protect the special counsel and legislation to harden our election infrastructure because we risk Russia’s interference again; implement sanc-tions against Russia; demand that Rus-sia hand over the 12 Russians indicted for election interference and more. If my Republican friends were serious about doing something to redirect our posture toward Russia, we should have seen some movement by now on one or more of these things, but we are stuck in the mud. Even though there is bipar-tisan condemnation for the President’s behavior last week, the Senate has re-mained virtually silent on the matter because Republicans here are unwill-ing, maybe afraid, to confront the President, even though they know what he did was so wrong. At the end of last week, the Repub-lican majority blocked a bipartisan resolution—a modest one from Sen-ators Flake and Coons, one a Repub-lican, one a Democrat—that sought to hold Russia accountable. It didn’t have many teeth, but still the Republicans objected. Are my Republican friends ever will-ing to push back against this Presi-dent, not just in words but in deeds, or are they too afraid of the political con-sequences? Are they willing to put country over party at this crucial time? It seems not, at least so far. I know many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle were deeply dis-turbed by the President’s inexplicable behavior in Helsinki. I say to them, America needs you now. We need you to stand up, step up to the plate, and do something about it. Frankly, if we don’t do something real, President Trump—I know him— will conclude he doesn’t need to change his behavior, and, as a result, Repub-licans will be complicit in enabling the President to continue down the disas-trous course he has set. I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session for the con-sideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I started my morning in Kansas City speaking to 4,000 veterans attending the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars 119th National Convention held in Kansas City. My speech was a message to those Americans whom I hold in highest re-gard, our Nation’s veterans, and espe-cially those veterans who are helping other veterans. I wanted them to know, when they signed up to serve our coun-try, they did not do so in support of any political party. Those who serve our Nation, and particularly those who paid the ultimate sacrifice, did not an-swer the call to support Republicans or Democrats, but they answered for a higher calling. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.007 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5119 July 23, 2018 
Speaking to thousands of veterans this morning and being in a room filled with the characteristics that make this country so great—duty, honor, loyalty, respect—should remind us here in Washington, DC, that we must work to-gether to do everything possible to en-sure that our Nation’s nearly 20 mil-lion veterans receive the best our Na-tion has to offer. Putting veterans first and setting aside differences has led to major policy changes and vital vet-erans legislation such as the John McCain VA MISSION Act to reform the VA’s healthcare system. Of course, a large part of the task to ensure veterans get the best our Nation has to offer falls to the Department of Veterans Affairs. I want our veterans to receive the best care, the best atten-tion possible from the Department of Veterans Affairs. In just a few minutes, the Senate will vote on the confirmation of Mr. Robert Wilkie to be the Secretary of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. I am con-fident Mr. Wilkie is focused on putting veterans first, changing the VA culture of any complacency—ridding it of any complacency—and is ready to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs. Of course, Mr. Wilkie has numerous monumental tasks ahead of him. The Department of Veterans Affairs is a massive bureaucracy that has had a number of challenges in the past, and he will be charged with successfully implementing the John McCain VA MISSION Act. The VA MISSION Act, if imple-mented correctly, will be trans-formative for the Department and will make sure the VA continues to serve veterans for generations to come. I look forward to working with Mr. Wilkie to accomplish that goal, and I appreciate the interest the Trump ad-ministration has had on implementa-tion of the VA MISSION Act. I judge whether the VA is working for veterans by what we all call case-work, which is when veterans seek help from me and my staff because they can’t break down the barriers or navi-gate the VA’s penchant to tell them no. Right now, we have about 80 open veterans’ cases and a steady stream of about 30 cases coming from Kansas vet-erans each month. I intend to be an ac-tive participant, working with the VA as they work to implement the VA MISSION Act. I intend to be a con-structive participant in the process for making the VA better for Kansas vet-erans and American veterans. Those in our communities can help as well, not just those in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. It is what we all do as citizens, educators, and busi-ness men and women. One of the first acts is developing access standards, and folks can provide their feedback until July 30. So let us hear from the VFW and other VSOs. Let us hear from veterans. Either the VA or my office can direct you to the Federal Register site to make those comments known. I am pleased we are taking the final step needed in the Senate tonight to provide the leadership to confirm Mr. Robert Wilkie to be the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today this Chamber will take an important step to ensure that we have leadership in the Department of Veterans Affairs to oversee the implementation of his-toric reforms that we passed in May to improve the VA’s healthcare delivery system and provide veterans with more choices and fewer barriers to care. We will vote on the nomination of Robert Wilkie to serve as Secretary of the VA. Having served our Nation in uniform, as well as experiencing mili-tary life as the son of a wounded com-bat soldier, Robert Wilkie’s extensive career in a wide range of defense and veterans issues makes him uniquely qualified to serve as the next Secretary of the VA. He clearly understands the complexities associated with serving our Nation and the importance of tak-ing care of veterans. I am grateful for Robert Wilkie’s willingness to serve as the next Sec-retary of the VA. I urge my colleagues to follow the example of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, which overwhelmingly advanced his nomina-tion to the Senate in a bipartisan way. Having served as Acting Secretary of the VA, Robert Wilkie is well aware of the challenges facing the Department. Accepting responsibility to oversee the implementation of reforms passed by Congress, including the VA MIS-SION Act, to update its medical records system, to expand support for our women veterans, and to reduce the disability claims backlog, are just a few of those issues that he will need to tackle. To accomplish all of this, he will have to change the culture at the VA. Serving as the Secretary of the VA is a huge undertaking, but one that he has committed to me that he whole-heartedly accepts. The Senate VA Committee and my office are ready and willing to help him and the VA succeed in their mission. Congress has given the VA the tools to provide our veterans with quality care and to improve the benefits they have earned. Now the Department needs his leadership to implement and to carry out these changes. Under the leadership of future Secretary Wilkie, the VA can reestablish a nonpartisan approach to serving veterans. Our veterans must be our top pri-ority. I am confident that Robert Wilkie will provide the leadership the VA needs to better serve our veterans. I yield back. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, today the Senate will vote to confirm Robert Wilkie, President Trump’s out-standing choice to serve as the next Secretary of Veterans Affairs. The job is an incredibly important one. As Secretary, Mr. Wilkie will be tasked with fulfilling our Nation’s commitments to veterans and their families, expanding their access to care, and improving accountability at the VA. Millions of American veterans rely on the VA—day in and day out—for healthcare, employment resources, counseling, and a host of other services they need and have certainly earned. It is fortunate, then, that Mr. Wilkie’s impressive career of public service demonstrates he is well pre-pared to advance the agency’s vital missions. Robert Wilkie grew up the son of an Army artillery officer. He carried on the tradition of service as an officer in the U.S. Air Force Reserve. In addition to uniformed service, Mr. Wilkie has amassed more-than two decades of ex-perience as a civil servant. He has served at the Department of Defense, at the National Security Council, and here on Capitol Hill. Throughout the years, he has built a reputation as a thoughtful analyst and a skilled manager. Both these skills will serve him well at the helm of an an agency that employs nearly 400,000 people to meet the needs of millions more. I know I speak for so many of my col-leagues when I say that the Senate looks forward to working closely with the next Secretary of Veterans Affairs. Already in 2018, guided by the leader-ship of Chairman I
SAKSON , this body has taken decisive action to better ful-fill our Nation’s promises to veterans and their families. In May, the Senate voted, by a wide bipartisan margin, to pass the VA MIS-SION Act, which was designed to en-sure that the services on which our Na-tion’s heroes rely are flexible and ac-cessible enough to meet their needs. The omnibus spending measure passed earlier this year included a record level of support for VA pro-grams. In Robert Wilkie, the President has chosen a partner with whom this body can work side by side to continue ad-vancing the interests of our Nation’s veterans, including more than 300,000 in my home State of Kentucky. I look forward to doing just that. I urge each of my colleagues to join me in voting today to confirm this quali-fied nominee. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I am proud to speak today on behalf of my friend and colleague Robert Wilkie, the nominee to be VA Secretary. I have had the honor of working with Robert for 3 years. Sometimes, he worked for me, and other times, I worked for him. His combination of knowledge, humor, humility, and heart has endeared him to my staff and to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.009 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5120 July 23, 2018 
scores of North Carolina constituents, including many servicemembers and veterans. Robert was born in Frankfurt, West Germany, the son of an Army artillery officer. He literally grew up on Fort Bragg, and he lived most of his early life in the Fort Bragg-Fayetteville area of North Carolina. Robert is now an intelligence officer in the U.S. Air Force Reserve. Previously, he served in the Atlantic Intelligence Command and Joint Forces Intelligence Command and the U.S. Navy. Robert has also pursued a distin-guished career in public service on the civilian side, both in the halls of the Pentagon and of Congress. Robert has served as a trusted adviser to some of our Nation’s most distinguished public servants, including Robert Gates, Condoleezza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld, and Jim Mattis. As a congressional staffer, Robert de-veloped excellent working relation-ships with committee staff, on both sides of the aisle. He is universally rec-ognized as a team player and mentor, traits of any outstanding leader. Frankly, given his depth of experi-ence, I was pleasantly surprised and very proud to have Robert accept a po-sition with a 6-month-old freshman Senator, but it was clear to me from the start that Robert was destined to serve our Nation at a higher level. Last year, Robert received that call from the administration when he was nominated to be Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness. Robert demonstrated his extraordinary skills in a short period of time, so it was no surprise to me that the admin-istration identified him as a perfect fit to be Secretary of the VA. When he was appointed in the acting role as VA Secretary, he quickly worked to improve morale at the VA, earning strong reviews and trust from VSOs, members of Congress, and VA staff. He also moved decisively to exe-cute the electronic health record project, which we all know is a critical part of the VA transformation initia-tive. Robert has all of the education and professional experience required of a Secretary of the VA, but perhaps what makes Robert best suited to the job is his lifelong experience as an Army brat and the personal experience as the son of a gravely wounded soldier. He has literally lived the experience, and I know that Robert will bring his professional experience and a personal insight and intensity to the role that will serve our veterans well. Robert has been confirmed unani-mously by the Senate on two separate occasions, most recently in November 2017, by my colleagues in this current 115th Congress. Since the VA was ele-vated to a Cabinet-level department in 1988, there have been nine Secretaries of Veterans Affairs; Robert Wilkie will soon be the 10th. No nominee to be VA Secretary has ever received a single recorded no vote on the Senate floor. I look forward to supporting his con-firmation, and I would encourage all of my colleagues to do the same. Put poli-tics aside and vote in favor of this hon-orable and eminently qualified man to serve all of our Nations’ veterans. Thank you. Mr. BOOZMAN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I rise today to announce that I think Robert Wilkie is the right man for the job to be VA Secretary. Today, we are going to fulfill our constitutional responsi-bility to provide advice and consent on the President’s nominee. This is a re-sponsibility that I take very seriously, especially in my role as ranking mem-ber of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee. In our committee, Chairman I
SAKSON  and I have overseen the screening of the confirmation of 12 nominees to serve veterans. I am proud to say that we confirmed them without dragging our feet. Recently, we had Mr. Robert Wilkie before the committee for his confirma-tion hearing. Members of our com-mittee asked him tough questions about his vision for the VA. We asked him about his plan to bring much need-ed stability to the Nation’s largest healthcare system. Following the im-portant exchanges during that hearing, Members sent more tough questions to the nominee for his response. In the days since his nomination, Mr. Wilkie has sat down with Members to respond to their questions and concerns one-on- one. By voting to confirm Mr. Wilkie today, I believe we are providing stronger leadership for America’s vet-erans. With this vote, we are fulfilling our obligation to them. We are doing our job, but our job just doesn’t stop today. As Members of this body, we must hold Mr. Wilkie ac-countable to the commitments he has made through his confirmation proc-ess. There are some critically important issues to be addressed within the VA. There are workforce shortages, wheth-er in rural America or urban America. We need more doctors and nurses and more psychiatrics and psychologists within the VA. This is critically impor-tant if he is going to oversee a success-ful VA. We need to have the VA per-sonnel. We need to have it manned ap-propriately to meet the challenges that are out there after being at war for 17 years and veterans from previous eras getting older. Today, unlike ever before, we have political forces at play inside the VA. This is very unfortunate because, quite frankly, I believe that good employees are being forced out, not because of the job they are doing but because of their views. When Mr. Wilkie becomes Sec-retary, he is going to have to make sure that stops. It is critically impor-tant that we keep the employees that we have who are good employees and move the VA forward so it can do the job that it is meant to do. He also has some challenges to ad-dress in rural America. The commu-nity-based outpatient clinics we have there need to be staffed up. We need to make sure that the VA has what it needs to meet the needs of the veterans in rural America, and, by the way, with the passage of the MISSION Act, we need to make sure that veterans aren’t run around once that act gets fully im-plemented and they need community care and the VA can’t provide that care. He needs to make sure the disability appeals process continues to move for-ward and that the backlog is whittled down. He needs to make sure that the accountability bill is implemented as Congress intended and that the whis-tleblower protection in the bill lives up to what it means. He also needs to im-plement the ‘‘Forever GI bill’’ in a way that makes sense for our veterans. Last and certainly not least, he needs to make sure the VA MISSION Act is implemented in a way in which a vet-eran can make the decision as to how he gets his or her healthcare. Veterans need a leader who will build bridges and find solutions to the issues that face our veterans, not who will tear down the Department to meet a political agenda. Veterans need a lead-er who will not shy away from those challenges that face the VA. We need someone who is going to tackle the challenges like workforce shortages, like access to mental healthcare, and like barriers, particularly in rural America, for women veterans. I believe that Mr. Wilkie is the right fit for that job. Right now, the VA does not have a confirmed Secretary who is focused on the larger mission of serving these vet-erans, of implementing the reforms, and of improving VA care and benefits. Instead, we have had temporary polit-ical appointees in charge who have been more interested in picking polit-ical fights with people who have not been their enemies. I believe we have lost sight of the VA’s mission. It will be up to Mr. Wilkie to right that ship. That is why I am so hopeful that this evening, we can get Mr. Wilkie con-firmed so that he can get on the job as soon as possible. Veterans are depend-ing on him, and they are depending on us to make sure he gets to work. Once he gets to work, I guarantee that the chairman of the VA Committee and I, as ranking member, and all of the members of the Senate’s Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee will make sure that he does the job and fulfills the promises we have made to our veterans. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.024 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5121 July 23, 2018 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Montana, Mr. T
ESTER , for his remarks. I thank him more so for his hard work, as ranking member, over the last 2 years with me, as chairman, and for bringing us to the point at which we are today. Jon and I are very excited because we know that Robert Wilkie is the real deal. We know the things that we have gone through with some of the previous ap-pointees and with some of the problems at the VA now have a chance to be overridden and solved and that we will step forward in a new day for the VA. We no longer want somebody who is going to make excuses for the VA. We want somebody who is going to make a difference at the VA. Robert Wilkie un-derstands the needs of our veterans in rural areas. He understands their needs in large urban cities. He understands the threat of suicide and the need to have mental health care accessible and available to our veterans at all times. He knows all of the things we need to do. He also knows we have given him a quiver of arrows that he can use as he hunts through the VA to root out the bad players and lift the big players. The VA MISSION Act, as J
ONTESTER  just mentioned, is absolutely rule No. 1. The implementation of that change gives our veterans the choice, our rural veterans the access, our urban veterans the accountability, and the VA the chance to maximize the delivery of healthcare services to our veterans at a cost that, over time, will be less than if the VA had done it all by itself. The VA is a tremendous organiza-tion. It is the state of the art in many things—in ophthalmology, for example, and in treating a lot of the signature wounds that we have today from the war—PTSD and all of those. Our VA does a phenomenal job with all of those. Yet there are a lot of healthcare services that are routine for which vet-erans shouldn’t have to wait 3, 4, and 5 months but that they ought to be able to get in a reasonably accessible period of time. They ought to be able to get services closest to home, where they are, and be able to get them from those who can deliver the services to them when they need them. The VA MIS-SION Act lets that happen. I am going to say a few things to-night in my remarks on the early warnings with regard to the VA MIS-SION Act—that it is costing a lot of money because they are going to see some requests come in for money. Yes, it is going to take us a little while to get over the bubble with the initial im-plementation, but when we do, we are going to minimize the cost and give greater service to the veterans and, over time, reduce the cost to our vet-erans. Every time we don’t require the VA to build another hospital or another clinic, we are lowering the cost of our real estate and uplifting the oppor-tunity for us to spend more money on services. Every time we have doctors in hospitals who treat veterans who want to participate in the VA MISSION Act and the Veterans Choice Program, they will not have to add all of the other costs of infrastructure, and our vet-erans will get better choice, better service, better medical care, and better time. This is an opportunity to make the change of a lifetime. We are going to make the VA something it has always wanted to be and give the veterans something they always thought they had—the best possible care at the most affordable price to the taxpayer. We will deliver a difference for our vet-erans and their families. I am proud of what the committee did 2 weeks ago when it passed the VA MISSION Act and when it brought about caregivers’ legislation for those family members so that they may take care of loved ones from the Vietnam war era. We are going to have bills coming up that have to do with the Navy and other things like that in the year ahead. We have a lot of things we are going to do. I want us to stop, here and now, drag-ging out old stories about the VA and talking about what the VA isn’t and, instead, talk about what it is. I want to give a specific example. The press needs to stop giving a 3-, 4-, 5-year IG’s report and reporting it as today’s news. Jon and I have spent more time in re-sponding to reports about the IG or someone else—I am just picking on the IG—and about failures within the VA when, in fact, it turns out that they are from a study from 2006 when we fi-nally get the report. They make a big deal out of it as if it were yesterday. Most of the issues from the Veterans Administration’s major stories—I didn’t say ‘‘all,’’ and it never will be all—are being met and addressed faster than ever before. We have to report the good news as well as the tough news. I will stand there and respond to the tough news all day long, but I hate it when I have to call my own press con-ference to talk about what is really going on at the VA that is really good. It is absolutely essential that we be in partnership with the media—the VA itself, the VA’s employees, its service providers, and all of us in our roles in Congress as committee chairs, in lead-ership. It is essential that all of us join in and put our arms together and move forward in order to have a stronger, more productive, more responsible VA. I mentioned the VA MISSION Act and accountability. We have finally given the VA the ability to hold its em-ployees accountable, which we have been meaning to do for a long, long time, and it is making a difference. We have the Whistleblower Protection Act, which gives whistleblowers the chance to make reports for things that they see, know, and do that are difficult and should be corrected. We have given them some degree of reasonable protec-tion so that they are not run over in-stead. That is something that is impor-tant to do. We have talked about accountability. We have talked about all kinds of things. We will talk about one last thing, and that is rural America. Certainly, with JON, I have gained a greater impression than I have before of the problems that rural America faces. Georgia has a large rural popu-lation, but, quite frankly, Georgia is a big State, and Atlanta is a big city. When you go outside Atlanta, you still have Savannah, Augusta, and a lot of places that are much bigger than the biggest city in Montana. We owe those veterans who are more distant from the services we provide, because of where they live, the opportunity to get the services faster and quicker. We are going to do that with the VA MISSION Act. I appreciate J
ON’s leadership in doing that as it has made a real dif-ference. What I have tried to do with the hot-lines on mental health for the veterans who call in—whose lives are in danger or who are in danger of taking their own lives or who need help or coun-seling then and now—is to make sure they are no longer getting hung up on, to make sure they are no longer get-ting referred to other operators, to make sure they are no longer getting called back tomorrow after leaving voice mails. It is to make sure they are getting action right here and right now—today. We owe it to our veterans whose lives are at risk today—the same thing they do every day when they serve us in uniform and their lives are at risk every day overseas. We have a chance to do a wonderful thing, and that is to keep our promise. We have to change and deliver quality healthcare to our veterans and deliver a better response to our veterans than they have ever had before. We have the chance to fix the problems that we have had and to look to the future for new solutions to other problems that will face us. We owe our veterans no less than the best Secretary in Robert Wilkie, and we have him in Robert Wilkie. I told Robert: You have no excuses. I have heard all of the excuses I ever want to hear about this. We know what we have to do, and we know when we need to do it. It is now. We have to know how to do it, and it is with you as the Secretary of the VA. I commend him to my fellow Mem-bers of the U.S. Senate. I thank Chairman R
OE, from the House of Representatives, and for the hard work that they have done in bringing this together with J
ONand I and seeing to it we have a great Sec-retary. We are going to lock arms and be in lockstep next year to make the VA per-form even better than it has before. We are here to make sure that the VA has no excuses on the results, that it gets the backing it needs from us, that those veterans who have served us get the healthcare they need, and that the veterans who join us today to defend us in the future will have it there when they retire. I urge Senators to vote for Secretary Robert Wilkie to be Secretary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.015 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5122 July 23, 2018 
VA, our 10th most recent VA ap-pointee, and to give him a unanimous vote today, which is the kind of sup-port he needs to move forward in the 21st century. God bless all for being here today. I thank the Senators for their votes. I thank Senator T
ESTER for his support as ranking member, and I thank the Senator from Kansas for his support throughout the year. I yield to the Senator from North Carolina. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I thank the chair for the kind words about the nominee, Robert Wilkie, for the Vet-erans Health Administration. I am here to proudly discuss his record. Actually, until about 6 months ago, he was the military affairs adviser in my office and was my adviser on the VA. He has done an extraordinary job. He is the child of a gravely wounded veteran from the Vietnam war. He grew up on Fort Bragg. He is from Fay-etteville, NC. He has done an extraor-dinary job in serving our office, in mentoring my staff, and in working for Senate leaders and leaders in the White House—Secretary Gates, Secretary Rumsfeld, Condoleezza Rice, and now General Mattis. Robert Wilkie is going to do an ex-traordinary job because he understands what it is like to be the son of a vet-eran and to be a member of the armed services himself. He serves in the Air Force to this day. He previously served in the Navy. He has attended the U.S. Army War College. He has a law degree and a keen understanding of how this governing body works. He also has great relationships with people across the political spectrum. He has worked very closely in committee work with the committee staff. He just has an ex-traordinary reputation. He has an ex-traordinary sense of history. He has a great dedication to our veterans, and he understands the intrinsic link be-tween Active Duty and reservists and, ultimately, with veterans. I believe that he is going to go in and move forward with the transformation and do great things for our veterans who need the help today. He will do an even more outstanding job of under-standing how we can better prepare the men and women who are serving today to go into veteran status—to help them find jobs, to provide them with healthcare, to make sure they get the most out of their veterans’ benefits. I know that Robert Wilkie will do an ex-traordinary job. I appreciate Chairman I
SAKSON ’s leadership on the committee. I think, with a strong Secretary like Robert Wilkie in Veterans Affairs, we will fi-nally start making progress in repay-ing the debt that we can never fully repay to the men and women in uni-form. I strongly support this vote, and I look forward to having a very strong confirmation vote this afternoon. I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Wilkie nomina-tion? Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. BURR), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), is nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 86, nays 9, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 163 Ex.] YEAS—86 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—9 
Booker Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Markey Merkley Sanders Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Brown Burr Corker Kennedy McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. LEGISLATIVE SESSION INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, FINAN-CIAL SERVICES, AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session and proceed to the consideration of H.R. 6147, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environ-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that for the pur-pose of rule XVI in relation to the sub-stitute amendment No. 3399, division A of H.R. 6147 serve as the basis for de-fense of germaneness for division A of the amendment; that division B of H.R. 6147 serve as the basis for defense of germaneness for division B of the amendment; that H.R. 5961, as reported by the House Appropriations Com-mittee, serve as the basis for defense of germaneness for division C of the amendment; and that H.R. 6072, as re-ported by the House Appropriations Committee, serve as the basis for de-fense of germaneness for division D of the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3399 (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute.) 
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I now call up the substitute amendment No. 3399. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Alabama [Mr. S HELBY ] proposes an amendment numbered 3399. 
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3400 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3399 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 3400. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Alaska [Ms. M URKOWSKI ] proposes an amendment numbered 3400 to amendment No. 3399. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To make a technical correction) On page 95, line 6, strike ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$5,250,000’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.016 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5123 July 23, 2018 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I am most pleased to be here today to manage consideration of this appro-priations bill package. This includes the fiscal year 2019 bills for the Sub-committee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies; Financial Serv-ices and General Government; Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies; as well as Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies. To distill it down, this evening we are taking up Interior, Financial Serv-ices, Ag, and THUD—or Transportation Housing Development. The opportunity to move forward with a package of ap-propriations bills, all of which have moved through our committee with strong support, is a good place to be. I have long believed that a return to regular order, where we vote these ap-propriations bills out of committee with bipartisan support, and then bring them to the floor, as we are doing this evening, is important for our process. I think all Members of the Senate should have an opportunity to debate appropriations bills and offer amend-ments. We haven’t had this oppor-tunity for some years prior to this. The occupant of the Chair, a member of the Appropriations Committee, knows we have been without process when it comes to our appropriations bills. It is now time for us not only to return to regular order but to allow other Mem-bers of this body who do not sit on the Appropriations Committee the oppor-tunity to weigh in on these priorities. I am particularly pleased, as chair-man of the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee, to be on the floor today. This is actually the first time the Interior bill has been before the full Senate since fiscal year 2010. Fiscal year 2010 was the last time we saw an interior bill on the floor, so this is kind of a significant day for us. If this weren’t such a dignified setting, I would say that deserves a round of ap-plause. But we don’t want to get ahead of ourselves. It is an important example of the commitment both sides have made to create an environment where we can work through the tough issues on a bi-partisan basis. That was exactly what we saw within the full committee— working through the subcommittee, working through the full committee, and now being able to bring these measures to the floor. I will defer to the chairmen of the relevant subcommittees to discuss the specifics of each of their bills as we move through consideration of this ap-propriations package. But I wanted to take a little bit of time this evening to share some information about the Inte-rior appropriations bill for my col-leagues. I also want to thank and acknowl-edge the good work of my ranking member on the committee, Senator U
DALL . He has been a good partner to work with. Both of us recognize this is not everything we would have wanted it to be, but it was a good, collabo-rative, well-worked process. Within Interior, we have a very broad scope of responsibilities. We have the oversight for all of the major Federal land management agencies. We have the National Park Service, the Bureau of Land Management, the Fish and Wildlife Service, the Forest Service, the Environmental Protection Agen-cy—all very significant accounts. We also have a side in Interior that many of my colleagues forget but that rests within Interior, and that is the over-sight for our budget for our Native peo-ples, our American Indians, and Alas-kan Natives. We provide funding in this measure for essential Indian health, education, and resource management programs through the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Indian Health Service. There is funding for cultural institu-tions. Again, this is an area that people don’t necessarily think that Interior has our role here, but we have over-sight of the budgets for the Smithso-nian Institution, the National Gallery of Art, the National Endowment for the Arts, and the National Endowment for the Humanities. It is a pretty broad spectrum here. The Interior appropriations bill pro-vides $35.85 billion for fiscal year 2019. This is $600 million more than last year. I wish to thank Chairman SHELBY  and Vice Chairman L
EAHY . The in-creased allocation that we saw for the Interior bill was really important as we assembled this bipartisan bill. This ad-ditional funding allowed us to provide program increases that were necessary. In fact, they were absolutely nec-essary. There are fire suppression accounts. We know we are in the midst of fire season. It is bad and most likely get-ting worse. We have been able to pro-vide an additional $500 million for fire suppression. We also provide an additional $109 million for contract support costs in Indian Country. These are obligated ex-penses from the Federal Government to those who provide for those services in Indian Country. We also provide $115 million for staff-ing costs that are associated with new healthcare facilities that are operated by IHS or by Tribes. Again, it is under compact agreements. Some would look and say that this is a significant bump, but I would direct colleagues’ attention to how we allo-cated that. Again, it is in accounts where we are obligated either by com-pact or, in the instance of fire suppres-sion funding, it recognizes that we are dealing with the inherent unpredict-ability and the dangers of fire. The fiscal year 2019 Interior bill adopts a similar approach to the en-acted fiscal year 2018 Interior bill. We rejected what we felt were unwarranted decreases that had been proposed in the budget, and we make investments. We make investments in the highest prior-ities, particularly infrastructure im-provements and investments for our land management agencies and within Indian Country and also infrastructure investments in wastewater and drink-ing water improvements. We have recently celebrated the 100th anniversary of our National Park Serv-ice. Last year, we provided a signifi-cant increase for our national parks construction program. It was the larg-est percentage increase ever, but we build on that in this measure, recog-nizing the significant work, the signifi-cant maintenance, and the backlog that our National Park Service faces. We have an obligation. So addressing it has been a priority in this bill. In the two main agencies that deliver services for the Indian community— this is the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Indian Health Service—we restored proposed cuts in critical program fund-ing. We increase funding for the IHS fa-cilities program for construction, maintenance, and sanitation facilities improvement. We provide substantial funding for the BIA to help with the construction of Indian schools, irriga-tion systems, and public safety facili-ties. For both accounts, we provide fully estimated levels of contract support costs, and we maintain an indefinite appropriations account structure so that if the costs are higher than esti-mated, we are not in a situation where we are robbing Peter to pay Paul—tak-ing from one account within IHS to fund the other. We are addressing that bad practice that we have seen pre-viously. Also, within Indian Health Service, we provide additional resources for grants to Tribes for combating the opioid crisis. We know full well that we are facing a crisis throughout the country, but in so many of our Native communities on our reservations, the situation is particularly dire. We had a lot of conversation on this floor about wildland fire management and how we end the practice of what we call ‘‘wildfire borrowing,’’ which is, ef-fectively, waiting to see how much fire suppression costs are going to impact us. If it was a particularly bad year, you would take funding from other ac-counts within the Forest Service, whether it was prescriptive manage-ment programs or whether it was rec-reational permits. We know that we needed to end this practice of fire bor-rowing, and we have worked to do that previously. Within our appropriations bill, on the wildfire management programs, we provided a total of $4.35 billion for the Department of Interior and the Forest Service. We fully fund the 10-year aver-age for firefighting costs, and we pro-vide $900 million in additional suppres-sion funds above the 10-year average, based on the recent catastrophic sea-sons and our latest forecasting models. You hope to get that number right, but this new path that we are on for how we deal with wildfire suppression cost is an important one. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.018 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5124 July 23, 2018 
A big priority in this body is for con-servation and making sure that we are doing right by our lands, and we have included $425 million for the Land and Water Conservation Fund. This is equal to the enacted level. Within that account, we are generous to the stateside program. We have, in my view, tended toward greater acqui-sition on the Federal side over the years. I think that is a direction that was not what LWCF was intended to do. We have been working to make sure that we don’t have the inequity and the disparity between the State side and Federal side. We also provide additional funding for recreational access and the Amer-ican Battlefield Protection Program. I think we took a very commonsense ap-proach to the EPA’s budget. We fo-cused resources on programs that do very specific and concrete things to help with that mission set, if you will, of the EPA, and that is, basically, to improve the quality of the environ-ment for the public—clean water and clean water. The bill does provide additional fund-ing to States that have delegated re-sponsibility for environmental pro-grams through State-specific grants. It provides an increase above last year’s level for the Clean Water State Revolv-ing Fund and the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund. These are the SRF funds. They help to facilitate the crit-ical water infrastructure in commu-nities across the country. I think there is great recognition that this is an area where we can always do more. The WIFIA Program, which leverages Federal funds for water infrastructure projects, receives $63 million. When you take the WIFIA funds and you combine this with the SRS, the bill really does give the EPA a very strong suite of tools to improve the quality of life for people around the country. We provide for additional funding for PILT funding, and $500 million is the fully estimated amount needed for this program in 2019. We maintain the sub-committee’s commitment to help local communities improve county roads, maintain public safety, and provide funding for schools using funding from the PILT Program. As I mentioned at the beginning of my comments, when we think about all of the things that are under the pur-view of Interior appropriations, we also did right by our ‘‘Smithsonians’’ by en-suring that our arts are appropriately funded as well. I will stand before you and tell you that there are a lot of things that I wish we could have included in this measure, but we have stood down, if you will, as appropriators, working with my colleague and friend the rank-ing member. We do not include new policy provisions that were not in the fiscal year 2018 enacted bill. We didn’t do it. Members know that because they came to us asking if we could include things, but we said it is important to our process going forward. Working with Chairman S HELBY and Vice Chairman L
EAHY and, again, my ranking member, Senator U
DALL , we assembled a package that advanced unanimously out of the committee. I think that is also historic. To have an Interior appropriations bill move unanimously through the full com-mittee is pretty significant. I suggest to you all that this package that we have assembled warrants the support of the full Senate. I wish to express again my apprecia-tion for the good working relationship that I have with Senator U
DALL . He has a great team. Rachael, Ryan, and Melissa have been great. We have fabu-lous folks on my side, with Leif, Nona, Emy, and Chris. They work hard. They work very hard. I think they have done a good job in helping to shape this bill so that it reflects priorities of Members on both sides of the aisle. Again, I am very pleased to be on the floor to consider these important bills. I look forward to working through this process with all of my colleagues. I think the leader has made it clear that he wants to complete action on this package expeditiously. So I ask col-leagues to review the bills that we have in front of us, not just the Interior bill but the full package as well. Get on it, and get us your amendments. The quicker we can process amendments, the quicker we can clear them on both sides and arrange for the votes that they may require. 
CONFIRMATION OF ROBERT WILKIE  
Mr. President, if I may, I know my colleague and my ranking member is here to say just a few words. He can say as many words as he would like, and I welcome that. But if I may beg the Senator’s indulgence and ask for just a few more moments, I wish to comment on the nomination of Robert Wilkie, if I may. About an hour ago or half an hour ago, the Senate confirmed Robert Wilkie of North Carolina as our Na-tion’s 10th Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. He comes to this position after having served with great distinction as a Senate staffer. He was on the Na-tional Security Council and was Assist-ant Secretary of Defense, as well as Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel and Readiness and interim Sec-retary of the VA. His father, who passed away last year, was a U.S. Army veteran, and Mr. Wilkie has served as a U.S. Naval Reserve intelligence officer. He has great qualifications and strong qualifications for the position that Mr. Wilkie will soon assume. I am sure that he has no illusions about it. We certainly don’t. This is a hard job that he has in front of him— a very hard job. The VA has yet to fully recover from the series of events that are collectively known as the Phoenix scandal. The Choice Program has been a mess from its very incep-tion, in my view. It continues to frus-trate so many veterans. Yes, we all acknowledge that there have been improvements in the Vet-erans Benefits Administration, but claims processing still takes way too long, and proving a claim remains a sore point. Then, to make matters worse, our veterans and the field staff are stressed by persistent reports of fa-tigue and infighting within the VA cen-tral office. Some of these reports are as current, as fresh as last week. You think about the folks out there. When you are in the field, really noth-ing good comes out of dysfunction from the central office. The media accounts that are out there are suggesting that the dysfunction is, unfortunately, reaching new heights. This is a tough time for our new Sec-retary to enter. He comes into this po-sition with a mess of old baggage to deal with, and that is before he even begins to implement new initiatives like the VA MISSION Act and the mod-ernization of VA’s IT infrastructure. I am sure it is fair to say we want this Secretary to succeed. Alaskan vet-erans certainly want the Secretary to succeed. I imagine we all want the new VA Secretary to succeed. I think success at the VA means one thing, and that is how we serve our vet-erans. We know the sacrifices they have made to our Nation. They deserve timely, high-quality, caring service. They do not deserve to fall victim to the kind of internal infighting that has plagued the VA, and, by all accounts, continues to plague the VA. I think that as I look to how success will be achieved for Mr. Wilkie in his new position, it is going to be all hands on deck; everyone committed to the mission, ready to get to work to get the VA back on track. That is really job No. 1. That, to Mr. Wilkie, I would suggest, means working with your career staff to achieve the mission. We have been doing that in Alaska. Now, it has not always been good. There was a time when Alaskan veterans wanted a card that would allow them to get their care anywhere. They wanted to get out of the system. Now I hear all the time, in Alaska, that our veterans want to get their care from the VA. We all know not all VAs around the country are equally situated. Perhaps the Alaska VA works better than some, and there may be reasons for that. I think one of the reasons is, we are seeing that the career staff in Alaska cares about our veterans. We have had our problems. We have had some sig-nificant problems at the top. There have been changes in the VA’s senior leadership in Alaska, but we called the problems out. We brought attention to them, we demanded change, and change occurred. Today, we have a leadership team that, by all accounts, is doing some pretty strong work for Alaska’s vets. One of the reasons that I think we are doing well is our senior leadership team works in close collaboration with the career staff. They are represented by the American Federation of Govern-ment Employees Local 3028. I know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5125 July 23, 2018 
this because my staff and I meet with management and labor periodically throughout the year. Management knows I am going to get the straight scoop from labor, and labor knows that, in my view, it is all about service to the veterans. No exceptions, no ex-cuses, I just want it straight. Both sides know I expect them to be collabo-rating, to be working together. Both know I measure the quality and the quantity of collaboration in the over-sight of VA’s service delivery in Alas-ka. That is why I have been especially disturbed by the VA’s recent order re-stricting the amount of official time the duly elected representatives of the VA’s workforce can spend on collabora-tion. They call this official time. I would suggest, this is that time work-ing with management to make the VA more effective. I would suggest this is a shortsighted decision. I am especially concerned that it is being implemented by acting personnel on the very eve of our new Secretary’s swearing in. We also learned this morning, Gov-ernment Executive magazine reports that there is chaos on how this is going to be implemented. When you think about the things this new Secretary needs, or our veterans need, they don’t need more chaos. We don’t need more chaos in an organization as complex as the VA. Working to ensure that there is a level of flexibility in operations, our managers have a certain amount of freedom to keep a system if it is work-ing. If it is not working, we have got you, but if you think about how impor-tant this is, especially in the VA where labor is defined to include the physi-cians, the nurses, the highly trained technologists, we know full well that these are professionals with very port-able skill sets who can take their expe-rience elsewhere at a moment’s notice. We certainly see that in my State where those skill sets are in high de-mand. We recognize Mr. Wilkie will inherit enough problems on day one. He has to come into the Department; he needs to win the hearts and the minds of those who do the work; and a workforce that is upset, in my judgment, is the last thing he needs. Now, some may remember that I was skeptical about the VA Accountability Act, which short-circuited the process for terminating underperforming VA personnel. We were told, at the time, this would enable the VA to replace underper-forming managers. Instead, it seems we are seeing some pretty strong evidence that it is being used to terminate indi-viduals at the very lowest level. I am concerned that what we may also be seeing is this is an effort to terminate whistleblowers and others who chal-lenge the bureaucracy in service to our veterans. I am concerned about that. I have raised that before; I will raise it again. I think we all agree it is time to bring the VA into the 21st century. Col-laborating with labor on the quality of product is a whole lot better than maintaining the contentious top-down, by-the-book, litigious workplace. I sincerely hope our new, and I hope transformative, Veterans Affairs Sec-retary will take a lesson from the best labor management relationship prac-tices in the private sector; seek them out, put them to work on day one, even if that might mean reversing some of the well-meaning or maybe not so well- meaning reforms that have been under-taken on the eve of his confirmation. The VA is a people-oriented business. The VA is nothing without its people. I give my free advice to our Secretary- designate. Your career people work at the VA to serve our veterans first. Sadly, I think many are confused about whether they enjoy the support of their senior leaders in Washington. These are some sobering words to greet our new Secretary as he takes on a very important responsibility, but I hope we are all working together, all working forward to ensure that Mr. Wilkie goes down in the VA’s history as a good, strong leader. I offer my best to him as he moves forward. I am pleased again to begin the kick-off for this appropriations package, and I look forward to engaging in debate of good issues and a good, positive result at the end. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the Interior De-partment appropriations bill, which the Senate is currently debating. Before Senator M
URKOWSKI leaves the floor, I want to thank her so much. It has been such a pleasure working with her on this and doing it in a bipartisan way, and I am going to talk a little bit about the historic nature of this; that we have accomplished something that hasn’t been done in 10 years. This is something I think we are both very proud of and that I think the Appro-priations Committee members are very proud of. I begin by thanking her for the important work she has under-taken to ensure that this bill arrived on the Senate floor with strong bipar-tisan support. We all know the Interior bill is not an easy bill, and there is no doubt we faced contentious issues putting it to-gether. It is extraordinary that work-ing together under her leadership, we have produced a bill that was unani-mously reported by the Appropriations Committee. I also recognize Chairman S
HELBY  and Vice Chairman L
EAHY for clearing the path for us to bring this bill to the floor. Their shared commitment to re-establishing regular order for the Ap-propriations Committee is why the In-terior bill is on the floor of the U.S. Senate today. For the first time in nearly a decade, I salute them as well on this. The bill funds the Indian Health Service and Bureau of Indian Affairs and provides resources for new healthcare facilities in schools for Tribes across the country that are working to improve health and edu-cation outcomes. This funding helps fulfill our trust and treaty responsibil-ities to American Indians and Alaska Natives. This bill includes strong levels of funding for conservation programs that preserve and protect our Nation’s most special places, including our public lands. It fully funds wildfire suppres-sion needs, providing more than $2 bil-lion to protect communities and nat-ural resources in New Mexico and across the West. The Interior bill supports our Na-tion’s arts and culture programs from national institutions here in Wash-ington, from the Smithsonian Institu-tion, the Kennedy Center, and the Na-tional Gallery of Art to local arts and humanities and programs in small towns across the United States. This funding creates jobs and supports eco-nomic vitality in our communities. Over the last week, we have seen the administration claim that the legisla-tion sent over by the House has too much funding for these and other prior-ities. I strongly disagree. It is Congress’s responsibility to safeguard the environment, protect our air and water, fulfill our trust and treaty re-sponsibilities, and conserve public lands the Federal Government holds on behalf of the American people. These responsibilities require a reli-able stream of resources to carry that out. This Senate bill accomplishes those goals and, in doing so, remains faithful to the bipartisan budget agree-ment this Congress passed and the President signed early this year. We reject the shameful and inexcus-able cuts proposed by the Trump ad-ministration to the Environmental Protection Agency, the Bureau of In-dian Affairs, the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation, and to most Federal land man-agement agencies, cuts that would put our environment at risk and prevent us from providing core services to Tribal communities. In addition to rejecting these cuts, Senator MURKOWSKI and I worked to-gether to satisfy requests from our col-leagues to increase funding levels where we could, given our allocation. We also followed the chairman and vice chairman’s direction to keep out extra-neous authorizing matters and any item considered a poison pill. We all know one Senator’s poison pill is an-other Senator’s antidote. We couldn’t please everyone because the tough issues that have impeded this bill from floor consideration in the last decade have not gone away, but we did the best we could. Now, this bill is not perfect. It in-cludes several troubling provisions rolling over from prior years, including provisions relating to the listing status of the sage grouse, the lead content of ammunition, biomass energy policy, and certain Clean Air Act exemptions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.021 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5126 July 23, 2018 
While I cannot endorse these provisions individually, they are ones we have carried previously to move this bill across the finish line. What the Appropriations Committee has brought to the full Senate is an In-terior Department appropriations bill that is almost exclusively appropria-tions. I am proud that we propose for fiscal year 2020, proud that we propose for fis-cal year 2019. In addition to the pro-grams I have already highlighted, let me tell you about a few more accom-plishments in this bill. This bill rejects the administration’s elimination of the Land and Water Conservation Fund and instead pro-vides $425 million equal to the enacted level. These funds will improve rec-reational access through our Federal lands, protect iconic landscapes, de-liver grants to States and local govern-ments to create and protect urban parks and open spaces, preserve the battlefields of the Revolutionary and Civil Wars, and give farmers and ranch-ers easements so they can steward their private lands in the face of devel-opment pressures. Rather than following the adminis-tration’s misguided proposal to elimi-nate funding for the National Endow-ment of the Arts and Humanities, this bill actually provides an increase of $2 million for each endowment, bringing the total to $155 million for each. I am particularly proud that these funds will expand arts and humanities pro-grams, create jobs, and support cul-tural institutions in every State. The bill includes a 4-percent increase for the Indian Health Service and in-cludes $10 million in new grant funds to help Tribes address opioid addiction and substance abuse challenges in In-dian Country, as Chairman M
URKOWSKI  talked about a little bit in her speech. This bill fully funds the Payment in Lieu of Taxes Program to assist local governments to improve their schools and roads and pay for public safety and law enforcement. This bill maintains funding for the EPA at the fiscal year 2018-enacted level to protect our environment and public health. We have taken a strong position rejecting the devastating cuts the President has proposed for the third year in a row. Our bipartisan track record on EPA funding makes it loud and clear that such extreme pro-posals will continue to be viewed in Congress as dead on arrival. Now, I feel strongly that keeping EPA funding flat year after year is in-sufficient to meet the true needs of EPA’s clean water programs, clean air programs, State and Tribal assistance grants, environmental enforcement, and a score of other critical public health and environmental programs. While I recognize the bill before us is a compromise, I will continue to pursue increased funding for these critical EPA programs in future years. I recognize there is always room for improvement, and I welcome all of our colleagues to speak with me or Chair-man MURKOWSKI if you have an idea on how to improve funding in this bill. As I conclude, I want to emphasize how tremendous it has been to work with Chairman M
URKOWSKI on this bi-partisan bill. Even when we disagree, we have open discussions and listen to one another. That is the way Congress is supposed to work, and I am proud to be Senator M
URKOWSKI ’s partner on this bill. I look forward to working with our colleagues on this bill over this week so we can pass an interior appropria-tions bill that the American people can be proud of. As Chairman M
URKOWSKI talked about, we have had the assistance of a very able staff on both sides—on the minority side, headed up by Rachael Taylor. The whole staff on both sides is very capable and very able. My side was headed up by Rachael Taylor, Ryan Hunt, Melissa Zimmerman, and Teri Curtin. Over on the majority side, we thank Leif Fonnesbeck, Emy Lesofski, Nona McCoy, Chris Tomassi, and LaShawnda Smith. They work night and day, and when we run into problems, as we know, they can be invaluable in helping us find the solutions to the problems we all face when we get into some of the conten-tious issues. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I thank my colleague, the ranking mem-ber on the Appropriations Committee again. We don’t get to the place where we are today or to a level of consensus without getting a lot of good, hard work done. I appreciate his commit-ment in working through it and the re-lationship we have built. So thank you. Thank you very much. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ONE-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF NORTHERN ILLINOIS FLOODING Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last July, heavy rain in Illinois caused se-vere flooding that led the Governor to declare disaster areas in Lake, McHenry, Kane, and Cook Counties. Thousands of buildings, including homes, businesses, and schools, were damaged by floodwaters. Thankfully, there were no fatalities as a result of this historic flooding. Lake County was one of the areas most impacted by the flooding. When I visited two towns in this area— Libertyville and Gurnee—I saw street after street of flood damage to homes and businesses. It was heartbreaking. I spoke with residents who were con-cerned about being able to recover from the flood and resulting damages and who voiced the need to find long- term solutions that will mitigate the impact of future flood events. One year later, I am still awed by the dedication of the local first responders and county officials. State and local employees and volunteers came out to help at every level, from county emer-gency management agencies to the American Red Cross. Representatives from the Illinois Emergency Manage-ment Agency worked closely with local officials to make sure communities had the resources needed to protect critical infrastructure and clean up when the water began to recede. People from all around the region pitched in to help their neighbors and even strangers protect property and get back on their feet. It has been challenging for Illinois to receive Federal aid after a disaster oc-curs. I led the Illinois delegation in supporting the Governor’s request for a Federal disaster declaration for the four impacted counties, but unfortu-nately, the State did not receive aid after the flooding last July. Currently, FEMA considers State population when reviewing States’ re-quests for Federal assistance following a disaster. This puts highly populous States like Illinois at a disadvantage, relying on the premise that they can absorb more recovery costs after a dis-aster. Despite that, my colleagues in Congress and I will always stand ready to do whatever we can to provide Fed-eral assistance to assist Illinois com-munities. I introduced a bill to fix FEMA’s dis-aster declaration formula—the Fair-ness in Federal Disaster Declarations Acts—and I will continue to push this bill to try and help States, both small and large, in times of need. Families in Illinois deserve a fair and transparent disaster declaration process that al-lows them to access Federal resources when they are needed most. I want to thank everyone who was engaged in the response and mitigation efforts, and all those who were part of the recovery efforts since last July. Il-linoisans always come together and re-build, as we have done, and we are stronger for it. f 
REMEMBERING TEDDY DRAPER, SR. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to Teddy Draper, Sr.—a brave Navajo code talker and a beloved teacher who has helped keep the Navajo language alive. Mr. Draper was born in Canyon del Muerto—a beautiful and ancient can-yon within the Canyon del Chelly Na-tional Monument—near Chinle, AZ. Mr. Draper was a longtime and popular Chinle resident and passed away De-cember 14, 2017, at age 96. He was one of the last Navajo code talker survivors. As a young boy, Mr. Draper grew up speaking Navajo and helping his family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.022 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5127 July 23, 2018 
raise cattle, sheep, and turkeys in Can-yon del Muerto. He didn’t attend school until age 14. ‘‘I barely knew a word of English,’’ he said. At that time, the reservation’s U.S. Govern-ment-run boarding school in Fort Wingate, NM, punished students for speaking Navajo. Time after time, ‘‘I had to kneel in the corner,’’ he said, and he tried to run away. The Marines recruited Mr. Draper from high school to join the Navajo code talkers. He served in the Fifth Marine Division and fought at Iwo Jima. Iwo Jima was a critically strategic battle for the Allies. The island served as a Japanese air base and safe haven for naval units, and the Allies wanted to secure it to support bombing mis-sions and emergency air landings. Dur-ing the first 2 days of the 36-day battle, six Navajo code talkers worked around the clock, sending and receiving more than 800 messages—all without error. According to Marine division signal of-ficer Major Howard Connor, ‘‘Were it not for the Navajo, the Marines would never have taken Iwo Jima.’’ During the battle, a bomb on Mount Suribachi killed two of his fellow sol-diers and cost Mr. Draper most of his hearing. Atop that same mount, Mr. Draper radioed, on February 25, 1945, ‘‘We have raised the flag; we have taken the hill.’’ The ‘‘first raising of the flag’’ on Mount Suribachi is fa-mously memorialized in a wartime photograph and by the Marine Corps War Memorial in Arlington, VA. After the war, Mr. Draper volun-teered for occupation duty, and became so fluent in Japanese that he served as an interpreter. Mr. Draper said, ‘‘When I was going to boarding school, the U.S. government told us not to speak Navajo, but during the war, they want-ed us to speak it!’’ During combat, he determined that ‘‘if I can get back to the reservation safely, I want to be-come a Navajo language teacher and educate young Navajos.’’ That is ex-actly what he did. Mr. Draper dedi-cated himself to preserving the Navajo language—Dine´bizaad—teaching many years at Rough Rock Community High School. He lacked teaching materials, and so he created his own, producing a curriculum and two workbooks that continue to be the staple of many Nav-ajo language classes today. Despite his loss of hearing from the war, Mr. Draper was not awarded the Purple Heart until 2004, after years of appeals. In 2001, he received the Con-gressional Silver Medal, along with other Navajo code talkers. In 2013, he received the Arizona Indian Living Treasures Award. Mr. Draper leaves 12 children, 57 grandchildren, and more than 20 great- grandchildren. Mr. Draper also leaves a remarkable legacy of commitment to country and community, and I honor his life today. REMEMBERING PEDRO GONZALEZ Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to Pedro Gonzalez— a brave World War II veteran who en-dured the Bataan Death March and 3
1⁄2 years in captivity in the Philippines and in Japan. Mr. Gonzalez passed away January 6, 2018, at the age of 96. Mr. Gonzalez was born in Las Cruces, NM, and later moved to Los Lunas, where he graduated from high school. Shortly after graduation, in 1940, he enlisted in the Army Air Corps. He was assigned to the 19th Bombardment Group in the Philippines. On December 8, 1941—7 hours after the attack on Pearl Harbor—Japanese bombers attacked U.S. military sta-tions in the Philippines. Mr. Gonzalez had learned earlier that they had at-tacked Hawaii, and, when he first heard planes that morning, he thought there were U.S. reinforcements. They were not. Mr. Gonzalez and American troops fought valiantly to defend the Phil-ippines, but they ran low on ammuni-tions, supplies, food, and manpower and were forced to surrender in April 1942. Fifteen thousand Americans and 60,000 Filipinos were taken prisoner. These prisoners of war then began the 60-mile long Bataan Death March. Mr. Gonzalez was only 20 years old. He recalled they had ‘‘no food, no water,’’ that men were beaten and beheaded, and bodies were strewn in the road. During the march, one of his com-manding officers told him, ‘‘Pete, you keep that smile on your face and you’re gonna make it back.’’ During part of the journey, the men were hauled in box cars, packed as tight as could be. Mr. Gonzalez stood right at the edge of the door and survived, but it was said that five to six of the men in his boxcar died. Mr. Gonzalez suffered cerebral ma-laria, dengue, beriberi, shrapnel wounds, a broken back, a dislocated knee, and broken fingers but he sur-vived the years of captivity. After he returned home, he was awarded a Sil-ver Star for valor in combat and two Purple Hearts for his injuries. I had the privilege of meeting Mr. Gonzalez during filming of a local Pub-lic Broadcasting Corporation documen-tary honoring the 70th anniversary of the Bataan fall. He was a gentle, soft- spoken man who was humble about the bravery and fortitude he exhibited dur-ing those harsh years. After the war, Mr. Gonzalez moved to Albuquerque, began a family, and worked at what was then called Sandia Base, which later merged with Kirtland Air Force Base. After, he worked for the Department of Defense as an inven-tory specialist for nuclear weapons and as a financial officer for different branches of the military, retiring in the 1980s. After retirement, he stayed involved with veterans’ organizations and served as local commander of a chapter of former prisoners of war. Mr. Gonzalez is preceded in death by his wife and is survived by two sons and their spouses. Mr. Gonzalez is part of American and New Mexico history. He fought for his country and, through bravery, deter-mination, and grit, survived the bru-tality of the Bataan Death March and captivity. I honor all that Pedro Gon-zalez achieved and experienced to pre-serve international peace and stability. 
f 
REMEMBERING DAVID EARL PATTERSON, SR. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I wish to honor David Earl Patterson, Sr., a man who gave selflessly to his family, the Navajo Nation, and his country. Mr. Patterson was born November 11, 1922. He was Tachil’nii—Red Running Into the Water People Clan, born for Kinlichii’nii—the Red House People Clan. He attended Catholic school in Shiprock NM, and remained a devout Catholic his entire life. Mr. Patterson entered the U.S. Ma-rine Corps in 1943 and was one of about 400 Navajo code talkers trained on radio communications. He served in the Marshall Islands, the islets of Roi and Namur, the Kwajalein Atoll, Saipan, and Iwo Jima. Navajo code talkers played a critical role in the Battle of Iwo Jima. During the first 2 days of the battle, the marines had six Navajo code talkers who worked around the clock during the first 2 days of the battle. They sent and received over 800 messages, all without error. Their marine commander said later, ‘‘Were it not for the Navajos, the Ma-rines would never have taken Iwo Jima.’’ Mr. Patterson received an hon-orable discharge in 1945. Mr. Patterson was humble about his wartime contribution to our Nation and did not talk much about his World War II experience. The United States honored him and his fellow Navajo code talkers with the Congressional Silver Medal of Honor in 2001. After the war, Mr. Patterson married Marion Patterson, and they raised seven children. He was a beloved hus-band, father, and grandfather. He attended college in Oklahoma and New Mexico and became a social work-er for the Navajo Nation until his re-tirement in 1987, working decades for the welfare of his people. Even after re-tirement, he served until 2012 as a fos-ter parent in the Shiprock schools until 2012. Mr. Patterson was a passionate bowl-er, a baseball aficionado, and a bingo player. Bowling at every New Mexico bowling center was on his bucket list, and he found time to coach Little League Baseball and Softball in Shiprock. Mr. Patterson lived a full and gen-erous life until his passing on October 8, 2017 at age 94. He was one of the last surviving Navajo code talkers. I am honored to pay tribute to Mr. Patterson, a family man and a hero who never stopped giving to his com-munity and people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.040 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5128 July 23, 2018 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MIKE ESPY ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Mike for his hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Committee on Environment and Public Works. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Mike is a native of Savery. He is a junior at the University of Wyoming, where he is studying environmental systems science, biology, and chem-istry. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an in-valuable asset to our office. The qual-ity of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Mike for the dedica-tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ISABELLA GOSS ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Bella for her hard work as an intern at the Sen-ate Republican Policy Committee. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Bella is a native of Casper. She is a junior at Rocky Mountain College, where she is studying political science and communication studies. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Bella for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICTORIA LANGE ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Victoria for her hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Committee on Environment and Public Works. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Victoria is a native of New York. She is a student at Lander University, where she is majoring in management and marketing. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Victoria for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO LUCAS NAREL- AGUILAR ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Lucas for his hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Committee on Environment and Public Works. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Lucas is a native of Maryland. He is a sophomore at Cornell University, where he is studying environmental and sustainability sciences. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Lucas for the dedica-tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PATRICIA PATNODE ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Patricia for her hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Committee on Environment and Public Works. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Patricia is a native of Oklahoma. She is a student at Loras College, where she is majoring in philosophy. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Patricia for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BETHANY RAVER ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Bethany for her hard work as an intern at the Sen-ate Republican Policy Committee. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Bethany is a native of Casper. She is a student at Casper College, where she is studying business administration. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invalu-able asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great ef-forts over the last several months. I want to thank Bethany for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ISABELLE REDFIELD ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Isabelle for her hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Committee on Environment and Public Works. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Isabelle is a native of Colorado. She is a student at Southern Methodist University, where she is majoring in political science, corporate commu-nication, and public affairs. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Isabelle for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NATHANIEL SANCHEZ ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Nate for his hard work as an intern in the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works. I recognize his efforts and con-tributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Nate is a native of Illinois. He is a student at Northern Illinois Univer-sity, where he is majoring in political science and communications. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Nate for the dedica-tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MIKALAH SKATES ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Mikalah for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. Mikalah is a native of Casper. She re-cently graduated from the University of Wyoming, where she studied French, political science, and international studies. She has demonstrated a strong 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.027 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5129 July 23, 2018 
work ethic, which has made her an in-valuable asset to our office. The qual-ity of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Mikalah for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HARRISON TRUE ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Harrison for his hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Harrison is a native of Casper. He is studying business at Casper College. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Harrison for the dedication he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JACK TWIFORD ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Jack for his hard work as an intern in my Wash-ington, DC, office. I recognize his ef-forts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. Jack is a native of Story. He is a freshman at Loyola Marymount Uni-versity, where he is studying inter-national relations and Spanish. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Jack for the dedica-tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO IDA AND IRWIN HABER ∑Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I want to recognize my dear friends Ida and Irwin Haber for receiving the Jew-ish National Fund’s Northern Ohio Tree of Life Award. This award is given in recognition of outstanding commu-nity involvement, professional leader-ship, and dedication to the cause of American-Israeli friendship with the devotion to peace and the security of human life. Ida and Irwin Haber are of the utmost quality and character for this honor. It is fitting that they re-ceive this award jointly, as their per-sonal and professional lives have been a team effort for the past 44 years and have been guided by their strong Jew-ish identity and heritage from the start. Ida and Irwin met at a United Syna-gogue Youth event in high school and have been together ever since. It is their faith and commitment to the Jewish people that helped bring them together, and they remain active mem-bers of the Jewish community. Irwin serves as the Ohio chapter Chairman and National Board member of the Friends of the Israel Defense Forces, on the National Council of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, and is a member of the Endowment Fund Committee of the Jewish Federation of Cleveland. Additionally, he and Ida serve in leadership roles for the Univer-sity Hospitals Ahuja Medical Center. Business has been a family venture for the Habers as well. In 1993, Irwin became the chairman and owner and Ida became vice president of the PDI Group. Their leadership and vision for this manufacturer of weapons platform support systems has built an inter-nationally reputable business that pro-vides equipment to U.S. Air Force and Navy and 45 air forces across the world. The PDI Group has been recognized by the U.S. Small Business Association and the Department of Commerce for its accomplishments and excellence. Ida and Irwin Haber have led lives of faith and have served their customers and their community admirably. Per-haps their greatest achievement is their beautiful family. They have three adult children, Nathan, Ryan, and Rena, who work for the family busi-ness; two daughters-in-law, Yana and Shlomit; and three granddaughters, Arianna, Ava, and Noa. On a personal level, Jane and I are grateful for Ida and Irwin’s advice and friendship, for having us to their home for Shabbat dinner, and for numerous other good memories. On behalf of the U.S. Senate, I con-gratulate Ida and Irwin Haber for being honored with the Jewish National Fund’s Northern Ohio Tree of Life Award.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE REPORT RELATIVE TO THE CON-TINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZATIONS THAT WAS ESTABLISHED IN EXECU-TIVE ORDER 13581 ON JULY 24, 2011 RECEIVED DURING AD-JOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON JULY 20, 2018—PM 46 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report, which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to sig-nificant transnational criminal organi-zations declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011, is to continue in effect beyond July 24, 2018. The activities of significant transnational criminal organizations have reached such scope and gravity that they threaten the stability of international political and economic systems. Such organizations are in-creasingly sophisticated and dangerous to the United States; they are increas-ingly entrenched in the operations of foreign governments and the inter-national financial system, thereby weakening democratic institutions, de-grading the rule of law, and under-mining economic markets. These orga-nizations facilitate and aggravate vio-lent civil conflicts and increasingly fa-cilitate the activities of other dan-gerous persons. The activities of significant transnational criminal organizations continue to pose an unusual and ex-traordinary threat to the national se-curity, foreign policy, and economy of the United States. Therefore, I have de-termined that it is necessary to con-tinue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13581 with respect to transnational criminal organiza-tions. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , July 20, 2018. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has agreed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.033 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5130 July 23, 2018 
to the following concurrent resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 119. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following concurrent resolution was read, and referred as indicated: 
H. Con. Res. 119. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy; to the Committee on Fi-nance. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6010. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6011. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services for the man-ufacture of significant military equipment abroad to Australia, New Zealand, Switzer-land, and the United Kingdom to support the manufacture of the Communication, Naviga-tion, and Identification (CNI) Audio Control Electronic (ACE) module for the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter Aircraft(Transmittal No. DDTC 17–074); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6012. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for Regu-latory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Pay-able in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6013. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Visas: Documentation of Nonimmigrants Under the Immigration and Nationality Act, as Amend-ed’’ (RIN1400–AD17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–277. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania urging the United States Congress to adopt the National Park Service’s recommendation to extend the Lewis and Clark National His-toric Trail to include the additional sites along the Lewis and Clark Expedition’s East-ern Legacy; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. SENATE RESOLUTION NO. 326 Whereas, The Lewis and Clark Expedition (Expedition) and the Corps of Discovery are nationally significant for their exploration of the Louisiana Territory and search for an all water route to the Pacific Ocean; and Whereas, Under orders by President Thom-as Jefferson, the expedition was responsible for mapping the territory explored, as well as documenting new species of plants and animals and engaging with the Native Amer-ican tribes they encountered; and Whereas, Although part of the route was unmapped territory, the Lewis and Clark Ex-pedition was able to use maps provided to them by Native Americans, European explor-ers and fur traders; and Whereas, Ultimately, the expedition was able to link routes and maps together to find passage from St. Louis to the Pacific Ocean, a feat that had never before been accom-plished; and Whereas, In order to recognize the historic significance of the Lewis and Clark Expedi-tion, the National Park Service previously designated a trail that runs from Wood River, Illinois, to the West Coast in Oregon and Washington; and Whereas, Public Law 110–229, passed by the Congress of the United States in 2008, au-thorized the Secretary of the Interior to study additional sites associated with the preparation and return phases of the expedi-tion, located in Pennsylvania, Virginia, the District of Columbia, Maryland, Delaware, West Virginia, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, Indiana, Missouri and Illinois; and Whereas, Those sites were to be considered for inclusion in the ‘‘Eastern Legacy’’ of the expedition; and Whereas, The National Park Service evalu-ated 25 distinct route segments used by the Corps of Discovery, for the expedition to de-termine if they met the criteria for national significance established by the National Trails System Act; and Whereas, In August 2016, the National Park Service published its Draft Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail Extension Study, finding that three sections met the criteria established for inclusion in the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail, and Whereas, Those segments include the Ohio River, from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to Louisville, Kentucky; from Louisville, Ken-tucky, to the confluence with the Mississippi River; and from the Mississippi River’s con-fluence with the Ohio River at Cairo, Illi-nois, to Wood River, Illinois; and Whereas, A portion of the proposed exten-sion of the Lewis and Clark National His-toric Trail includes sites along the Ohio River in this Commonwealth; and Whereas, The inclusion of this segment along the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail is not only historically significant and appropriate, but may have a positive eco-nomic impact on those ties; therefore be it Resolved, That the Senate of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania urge the Congress of the United States to adopt the National Park Service’s recommendation to extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail to include the additional sites along the Lewis and Clark Expedition’s Eastern Leg-acy; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the presiding officers of each chamber of Congress and to each member of Congress from Pennsylvania. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 612. A bill to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by con-veyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City (Rept. No. 115–306). H.R. 1547. A bill to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by con-veyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City (Rept. No. 115–307). f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Ms. C OR-
TEZMASTO ): S. 3255. A bill to prohibit the President or a Federal agency from constructing, oper-ating, or offering wholesale or retail services on broadband networks without authoriza-tion from Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CRUZ: S. Res. 587. A resolution commemorating July 2018 as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Victims of Com-munism Month’’; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 45 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 45, a bill to amend the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to increase penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes. 
S. 87 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 87, a bill to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to pro-tect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States. 
S. 130 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 130, a bill to require enforcement against misbranded milk alternatives. 
S. 263 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 263, a bill to facilitate effi-cient State implementation of ground- level ozone standards, and for other purposes. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.004 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5131 July 23, 2018 
SULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 281, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per-country numerical limitation for employment-based immigrants, to in-crease the per-country numerical limi-tation for family-sponsored immi-grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 301, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit governmental discrimination against providers of health services that are not involved in abortion. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Dela-ware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 1050, a bill to award a Con-gressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1084 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1084, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institu-tion provides a secure storage area lo-cated outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional in-stitution for firearms carried by cer-tain employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons, and for other purposes. 
S. 1301 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1301, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT), the Senator from Col-orado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1640 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. CARPER ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cospon-sors of S. 1640, a bill to reform the fi-nancing of Senate elections, and for other purposes. 
S. 1682 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1682, a bill to facilitate a national pipe-line of spectrum for commercial use, and for other purposes. 
S. 1806 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1806, a bill to amend the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 and the Head Start Act to pro-mote child care and early learning, and for other purposes. 
S. 2313 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the names of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2313, a bill to deter foreign interference in United States elections, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2468 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2468, a bill to provide access to counsel for unaccompanied alien chil-dren. 
S. 2490 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2490, a bill to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mort-gage disclosures. 
S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2506, a bill to establish an aviation maintenance workforce devel-opment pilot program. 
S. 2580 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2580, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to make clear that each decennial census, as required for the apportionment of Representa-tives in Congress among the several States, shall tabulate the total number of persons in each State, and to provide that no information regarding United States citizenship or immigration sta-tus may be elicited in any such census. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 3045 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. PERDUE ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3045, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to estab-lish a safe harbor with respect to keep open letters. 
S. 3049 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3049, a bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require paper ballots and risk-limiting audits in all Federal elections, and for other purposes. 
S. 3051 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3051, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Transportation to establish a working group to study regulatory and legislative improvements for the live-stock, insect, and agricultural com-modities transport industries, and for other purposes. 
S. 3155 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3155, a bill to ban the use of ortho-phthalate chemicals as food contact substances. 
S. 3160 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3160, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to im-prove access to, and utilization of, bone mass measurement benefits under part B of the Medicare program by estab-lishing a minimum payment amount under such part for bone mass meas-urement. 
S. 3166 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3166, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collec-tively, to the United States Army Rangers Veterans of World War II in recognition of their extraordinary serv-ice during World War II. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the Na-tional Park Service, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3174 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3174, a bill to decriminalize marijuana, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.013 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5132 July 23, 2018 
S. 3194 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3194, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to cap prescription drug cost-shar-ing, and for other purposes. 
S. 3207 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3207, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow for the deferment of certain student loans during a period in which a bor-rower is receiving treatment for can-cer. 
S. 3227 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
AN HOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3227, a bill to reunite families separated at or near ports of entry. 
S. 3247 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3247, a bill to improve programs and activities relating to women’s en-trepreneurship and economic empower-ment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 220 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 220, a resolution express-ing solidarity with Falun Gong practi-tioners who have lost lives, freedoms, and rights for adhering to their beliefs and practices and condemning the practice of non-consenting organ har-vesting, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 584 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. B
OOKER ) were added as cospon-sors of S. Res. 584, a resolution express-ing the sense of the Senate against the making available of current and former diplomats, officials, and members of the Armed Forces of the United States for questioning by the government of Vladimir Putin. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 587—COM-MEMORATING JULY 2018 AS ‘‘LIU XIAOBO VICTIMS OF COMMUNISM MONTH’’ Mr. CRUZ submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 587 Whereas the communist ideology is di-rectly responsible for crimes against human-ity; Whereas communist regimes have been di-rectly responsible for crimes against human-ity, mass starvations, and the murder of tens of millions of people; Whereas awareness of the crimes against humanity committed by communist regimes on behalf of communist ideology throughout the world must inform the minds of the peo-ple of the United States; Whereas Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels published ‘‘The Communist Manifesto’’ in February 1848; Whereas ‘‘The Communist Manifesto’’ de-fines communism as the ‘‘abolition of pri-vate property’’; Whereas communists, in the words of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels, ‘‘openly declare that their ends can be attained only by the forcible overthrow of all existing social con-ditions’’; Whereas the crimes of communists were justified by class struggle theory and the principle of the dictatorship of the ‘‘prole-tariat’’, and used terror as a method to pre-serve the dictatorship; Whereas Vladimir Lenin led the October Revolution in 1918 that forcibly overthrew the social and political institutions of Russia and resulted in the establishment of the first communist government in history; Whereas the subsequent Red Terror that followed the October Revolution claimed the lives of approximately 1,500,000 Russians; Whereas Vladimir Lenin oversaw the mass campaign of violence of the October Revolu-tion and the Red Terror with no moral qualms, and asked instead: ‘‘How can you make a revolution without executions?’’; Whereas the Union of Soviet Socialist Re-publics (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘USSR’’) was formally established in 1922; Whereas the USSR partnered with Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany in the 1930s, culmi-nating in the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact of 1939; Whereas the USSR coordinated an invasion of eastern Poland in 1939 according to the terms of a secret additional protocol of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact of 1939; Whereas the Red Army of the USSR and Wehrmacht of Germany held a joint military parade in Brest, Poland, after which occupa-tion of the city was transferred to the Red Army; Whereas, during the USSR occupation of Brest, Poland, the USSR arrested and de-ported more than 500,000 Jewish refugees, many of whom died en route to Siberia; Whereas the USSR carried out ruthless vi-olence against religious minorities, includ-ing campaigns to suppress the religious tra-ditions and culture of the Jewish population of the USSR; Whereas tens of thousands of Jews were killed between 1918 and 1920 as a result of or-ganized pogroms during the civil war that followed the Bolshevik Revolution in the USSR; Whereas the USSR conducted open anti-Se-mitic campaigns aimed at completely elimi-nating Jewish cultural life; Whereas approximately 1,000,000 Jews were killed by the German Einstzgruppen, or de-ployment groups, in USSR-occupied terri-tories during World War II; Whereas, under Joseph Stalin alone, more than 20,000,000 deaths occurred in the USSR as a result of executions, Gulag camps, and famine; Whereas, during the Great Purge in the USSR, approximately 700,000 political dis-sidents were executed by gunshot to the back of the head; Whereas approximately 1,700,000 people died in the Gulag camps, where prisoners ranging from political dissidents to petty criminals were subjected to forced labor, ex-treme temperatures, and harsh treatment; Whereas communist agricultural policies caused the Soviet Famine of 1932 to 1933, which lead to the deaths of an estimated 7,500,000 victims, including the Holodomor, the deliberate genocidal famine of millions of Ukranians; Whereas the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe has adopted a resolu-tion declaring the ‘‘cruel and deliberate ac-tions and policies of the Soviet regime’’ that created the Holodomor were responsible for the deaths of millions of people in Ukraine, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Moldova, and Russia; Whereas the USSR conducted a series of ethnically motivated deportations under ex-tremely harsh conditions, causing the deaths of several hundred thousand victims; Whereas the USSR funded communist rev-olutions around the world and trained insur-gent forces to topple existing governments, including those in Mongolia, Romania, Viet-nam, Laos, Cambodia, Cuba, North Korea, and China; Whereas agents associated with the USSR entered the Mongolian People’s Republic to engineer the Mongolian Great Terror, in which approximately 35,000 people were exe-cuted, including approximately 18,000 Bud-dhist lamas; Whereas the Socialist Republic of Roma-nia, a Soviet-backed, communist regime, committed massive human rights violations, killing or persecuting as many as 2,000,000 people between 1945 and 1989; Whereas the USSR recognized the inde-pendence of North Vietnam, legitimizing the insurgency of Ho Chi Minh against France, as a means of fighting against the United States; Whereas, during the Vietnam War, com-munist North Vietnam caused the deaths of approximately 58,220 Americans; Whereas nearly 365,000 Vietnamese civil-ians are estimated to have died as a result of the Vietnam War, including in the horrific massacre by North Vietnam at Hue ´, Viet- nam; Whereas, after the Vietnam War, the Com-munist Party of Vietnam is estimated to have caused the deaths of approximately 430,000 people through executions, deporta-tions, and causing people to flee persecution, many of whom were lost at sea; Whereas the Government of Vietnam con-tinues to suppress the basic human and civil rights of its citizens, including freedom of speech, the press, association, and religion; Whereas human rights activists and bloggers in Vietnam face harassment, in-timidation, physical assault, and imprison-ment at the hands of the Government of Vietnam; Whereas the deaths of approximately 85,000 people during and after the Laotian Civil War are attributable to the incursions of communist North Vietnam; Whereas the USSR and North Vietnam helped install the communist Lao People’s Revolutionary Party (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘LPRP’’) as the sole political party of Laos; Whereas the LPRP has been accused of committing genocide against the Hmong people, with up to 100,000 people killed out of a population of 400,000; Whereas the LPRP still restricts many of the civil and political rights of its citizens, including freedom of speech, association, re-ligion, and assembly; Whereas the USSR and North Vietnam supported the Communist Party of Kampuchea (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Khmer Rouge’’) in overthrowing the government of the King of Cambodia; Whereas, under the leadership of Pol Pot, the Khmer Rouge carried out the Cambodian genocide, which caused the deaths of a 
1⁄4of the population of Cambodia in only 4 years; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.015 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5133 July 23, 2018 
Whereas the Khmer Rouge tortured and ex-ecuted as many as 17,000 individuals in the S–21 jail in Phnom Penh, Cambodia; Whereas the Killing Fields were sites in Cambodia where many Cambodians were killed and left in mass graves by the Khmer Rouge; Whereas experts estimate that the remains of more than 1,300,000 victims of execution are buried at the Killing Fields in Cambodia, representing only 60 percent of the full death toll of the Cambodian genocide; Whereas the Khmer Rouge brutally tor-tured and executed Stuart Glass of Canada, John Dewhirst of Great Britain, and Kerry Hamill of New Zealand after their boat strayed into Cambodian waters in 1978; Whereas the USSR lent the newly estab-lished communist regime of Fidel Castro in Cuba economic and diplomatic support to undermine the influence of the United States in the Western Hemisphere; Whereas the President of Cuba, Fidel Cas-tro, ordered the executions of 582 supporters of the former Cuban government in 1959 fol-lowing the overthrow of former President Fulgencio Batista; Whereas, under the authority of President Castro, between 4,000 and 17,000 individuals were executed by the infamous firing squads of the Cuban Communist Party; Whereas, in the 1960s and 1970s, homo-sexuals, clergy, and others who posed a threat to the regime of President Castro were rounded up and sent to labor camps for re-education; Whereas President Castro acknowledged holding up to 15,000 political prisoners in 1964; Whereas, under President Castro, the Cuban Communist Party refused access to Cuba to international monitors such as the International Committee of the Red Cross and Human Rights Watch; Whereas the Government of Cuba con-tinues to heavily censor all media; Whereas the Government of Cuba con-tinues to deny basic human rights, including freedom of expression, religion, association, and assembly; Whereas the USSR lent diplomatic and military support to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and its ruling party, the communist Worker’s Party of Korea (re-ferred to in this preamble as the ‘‘WPK’’), shortly after the country was founded on September 9, 1948; Whereas, during the Korean War, the WPK caused the deaths of 36,914 Americans; Whereas the WPK caused the deaths of an estimated 1,700,000 people including through execution, forced labor, starvation, and Gulags; Whereas the WPK continues to restrict all civil and political liberties of its citizens; Whereas the WPK prohibits political oppo-sition, independent media, civil society, and trade unions; Whereas the WPK currently incarcerates an estimated 200,000 political prisoners; Whereas the WPK uses forced labor, phys-ical abuse, and execution as tactics of fear to maintain obedience and control; Whereas the WPK fails to provide stable support for the rights of minority groups, in-cluding women, children, people with disabil-ities, and prisoners; Whereas the USSR financed the establish-ment of the Chinese Soviet Republic in 1931, an independent government within the Jiangxi province of China, where Mao Zedong began his protracted revolution against the Kuomintang; Whereas Mao Zedong and the Chinese Red Army conquered the Kuomintang and estab-lished the People’s Republic of China on Oc-tober 1, 1949; Whereas Mao Zedong orchestrated the deaths of more than 78,000,000 men, women, and children over the course of 3 decades from starvation, forced labor, torture, public execution, and warfare; Whereas Mao Zedong directed the cultural genocide of the Tibetans, brutally executing approximately 92,000 people, who largely con-sisted of educated people and leaders of the Tibetan population; Whereas Mao Zedong justified bloodshed as a necessity for communist revolution, say-ing: ‘‘A revolution is not a dinner party, nor a literary composition, nor painting nor em-broidering. It cannot be done so delicately, so leisurely, so gentlemanly and gently, kindly, politely and modestly. Revolution is insurrection, the violent action of one class overthrowing the power of another.’’; Whereas the Communist Party of China faced its first existential threat to power in June 1989, the same year the Berlin Wall col-lapsed, when students and professors peace-fully demonstrated for democracy at Tiananmen Square in Beijing, China; Whereas hundreds of the protesters at Tiananmen Square in Beijing, China, lost their lives at the hands of the Government of the People’s Republic of China after the Gov-ernment sent troops and tanks to sweep the square clean; Whereas Liu Xiaobo, a visiting lecturer at Columbia University in the United States, left the United States to help lead the pro-test at Tiananmen Square in Beijing, China; Whereas Liu Xiaobo initiated the Tiananmen Four Gentlemen Hunger Strike, which lasted 3 days; Whereas Liu Xiaobo is credited with saving the lives of many students by helping nego-tiate evacuation of the students from Tiananmen Square; Whereas Liu Xiaobo was detained and jailed from 1989 to 1991 for his role in the pro-test at Tiananmen Square, and then jailed again in 1996 through 1999 for advocating that the Government of the People’s Repub-lic of China redress its wrongdoing in the student protest; Whereas, in 1996, Liu Xiaobo married Liu Xia, who has stood bravely by his side as a partner and fellow activist; Whereas, on December 9, 2008, a diverse group of more than 300 Chinese scholars, writers, lawyers, and activists issued Charter 08, a manifesto calling on the Communist Party of China to abandon authoritarian rule in favor of democracy, the guarantee of human rights, and the rule of law; Whereas Charter 08 boldly declared: ‘‘The ‘New China’ established in 1949 is a ‘people’s republic’ in name, but in reality it is a ‘party domain.’ The ruling party monopolizes all the political, economic, and social resources. It has created a string of human rights disas-ters . . . causing tens of millions of deaths, and exacting a disastrous price from both the people and the country.’’; Whereas Liu Xiaobo was one of the original drafters of Charter 08 and was taken into custody just days before the manifesto was released; Whereas, in December 2009, a court in Bei-jing, China, sentenced Liu Xiaobo to 11 years in prison for ‘‘inciting subversion of state power’’ for his involvement in drafting Char-ter 08; Whereas Liu Xiaobo was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize on October 8, 2010, ‘‘for his long and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights in China’’; Whereas Liu Xia was held in extra-legal home confinement from October 2010, 2 weeks after the announcement of the award of the Nobel Peace Prize to her husband, to July 2018, and reportedly suffered severe health problems that required hospitaliza-tion; Whereas Liu Xiaobo was diagnosed with terminal liver cancer in May 2017; Whereas Liu Xiaobo died on July 13, 2017, while serving his 11-year prison sentence, and is survived by his wife Liu Xia; Whereas Liu Xiaobo dedicated his life to freedom, not only in his own country of China, but across the world; Whereas the Communist Party of China continues to prevent Liu Hui, the brother of Liu Xia, from leaving China; Whereas, in different parts of the world, some totalitarian regimes survive and, by continuing to cling to power, they commit crimes and impose a high cost to the well- being of their people; and Whereas the millions of victims of com-munism, both present and past, are entitled to justice, sympathy, understanding, and recognition of their suffering: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate commemorates July 2018 as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Victims of Com-munism Month’’. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3399. Mr. SHELBY proposed an amend-ment to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropria-tions for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. SA 3400. Ms. MURKOWSKI proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra. SA 3401. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3402. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. C
OT-
TON, Mr. L EE, and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3403. Ms. MURKOWSKI proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 589, to establish Department of Energy policy for science and energy research and development programs, and reform National Laboratory manage-ment and technology transfer programs, and for other purposes. SA 3404. Ms. MURKOWSKI proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2503, to establish Department of Energy policy for science and energy research and development programs, and reform National Laboratory manage-ment and technology transfer programs, and for other purposes. SA 3405. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3406. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3407. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3408. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2353, to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.011 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5134 July 23, 2018 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3399. Mr. SHELBY proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 6147, mak-ing appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as ‘‘Interior, Envi-ronment, Financial Services and General Government, Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration, and Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment Appropriations Act, 2019’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO ACT. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division of this Act shall be treated as refer-ring only to the provisions of that division. 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES TO REPORT. 
(a) Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in division A shall be treated as a reference to Senate Re-port 115–276. The effect of such Report shall be limited to division A and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, division A. (b) Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in division B shall be treated as a reference to Senate Re-port 115–281. The effect of such Report shall be limited to division B and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, division B. (c) Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in division C shall be treated as a reference to Senate Re-port 115–259. The effect of such Report shall be limited to division C and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, division C. (d) Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in division D shall be treated as a reference to Senate Re-port 115–268. The effect of such Report shall be limited to division D and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, division D. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTE-RIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR B
UREAU OF LANDMANAGEMENT  
MANAGEMENT OF LANDS AND RESOURCES  For necessary expenses for protection, use, improvement, development, disposal, cadas-tral surveying, classification, acquisition of easements and other interests in lands, and performance of other functions, including maintenance of facilities, as authorized by law, in the management of lands and their resources under the jurisdiction of the Bu-reau of Land Management, including the general administration of the Bureau, and assessment of mineral potential of public lands pursuant to section 1010(a) of Public Law 96–487 (16 U.S.C. 3150(a)), $1,196,143,000, to remain available until expended, including all such amounts as are collected from per-mit processing fees, as authorized but made subject to future appropriation by section 35(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191), except that amounts from permit processing fees may be used for any bureau- related expenses associated with the proc-essing of oil and gas applications for permits to drill and related use of authorizations. In addition, $39,696,000 is for Mining Law Administration program operations, includ-ing the cost of administering the mining claim fee program, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts col-lected by the Bureau and credited to this ap-propriation from mining claim maintenance fees and location fees that are hereby au-thorized for fiscal year 2019, so as to result in a final appropriation estimated at not more than $1,196,143,000, and $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, from communica-tion site rental fees established by the Bu-reau for the cost of administering commu-nication site activities. LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out sec-tions 205, 206, and 318(d) of Public Law 94–579, including administrative expenses and acqui-sition of lands or waters, or interests there-in, $26,016,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
OREGON AND CALIFORNIA GRANT LANDS  For expenses necessary for management, protection, and development of resources and for construction, operation, and mainte-nance of access roads, reforestation, and other improvements on the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands, on other Federal lands in the Oregon and California land-grant counties of Oregon, and on adja-cent rights-of-way; and acquisition of lands or interests therein, including existing con-necting roads on or adjacent to such grant lands; $106,543,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That 25 percent of the aggregate of all receipts during the current fiscal year from the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands is hereby made a charge against the Oregon and Cali-fornia land-grant fund and shall be trans-ferred to the General Fund in the Treasury in accordance with the second paragraph of subsection (b) of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 2605). 
RANGE IMPROVEMENTS  For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisi-tion of lands and interests therein, and im-provement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751), not-withstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act (43 U.S.C. 315b, 315m) and the amount designated for range im-provements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from Bankhead-Jones lands transferred to the Department of the Inte-rior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That not to exceed $600,000 shall be available for administrative ex-penses. 
SERVICE CHARGES , DEPOSITS , AND FORFEITURES  For administrative expenses and other costs related to processing application docu-ments and other authorizations for use and disposal of public lands and resources, for costs of providing copies of official public land documents, for monitoring construc-tion, operation, and termination of facilities in conjunction with use authorizations, and for rehabilitation of damaged property, such amounts as may be collected under Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), and under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185), to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding any provision to the contrary of section 305(a) of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1735(a)), any moneys that have been or will be received pursuant to that section, whether as a result of forfeiture, compromise, or settlement, if not appropriate for refund pursuant to sec-tion 305(c) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1735(c)), shall be available and may be expended under the authority of this Act by the Sec-retary to improve, protect, or rehabilitate any public lands administered through the Bureau of Land Management which have been damaged by the action of a resource de-veloper, purchaser, permittee, or any unau-thorized person, without regard to whether all moneys collected from each such action are used on the exact lands damaged which led to the action: Provided further, That any such moneys that are in excess of amounts needed to repair damage to the exact land for which funds were collected may be used to repair other damaged public lands. MISCELLANEOUS TRUST FUNDS  In addition to amounts authorized to be expended under existing laws, there is hereby appropriated such amounts as may be con-tributed under section 307 of Public Law 94– 579 (43 U.S.C. 1737), and such amounts as may be advanced for administrative costs, sur-veys, appraisals, and costs of making con-veyances of omitted lands under section 211(b) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1721(b)), to re-main available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The Bureau of Land Management may carry out the operations funded under this Act by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erec-tion, and dismantlement of temporary struc-tures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facili-ties to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the discretion of the Secretary, for information or evidence concerning violations of laws administered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities author-ized or approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s cer-tificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided, That notwithstanding Public Law 90–620 (44 U.S.C. 501), the Bureau may, under cooperative cost-sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the coopera-tors share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accept-ed quality standards: Provided further, That projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to pro-vide an identified amount of money in sup-port of the project may be carried out by the Bureau on a reimbursable basis. Appropria-tions herein made shall not be available for the destruction of healthy, unadopted, wild horses and burros in the care of the Bureau or its contractors or for the sale of wild horses and burros that results in their de-struction for processing into commercial products. U
NITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE  
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  For necessary expenses of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, as author-ized by law, and for scientific and economic studies, general administration, and for the performance of other authorized functions related to such resources, $1,292,067,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided, That not to exceed $17,818,000 shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5135 July 23, 2018 
used for implementing subsections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) (except for processing petitions, developing and issuing proposed and final regulations, and taking any other steps to implement actions de-scribed in subsection (c)(2)(A), (c)(2)(B)(i), or (c)(2)(B)(ii)). 
CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvement, acquisi-tion, or removal of buildings and other fa-cilities required in the conservation, man-agement, investigation, protection, and uti-lization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests there-in; $50,413,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out chap-ter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, in-cluding administrative expenses, and for ac-quisition of land or waters, or interest there-in, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, $45,189,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That none of the funds appropriated for specific land acquisition projects may be used to pay for any administrative overhead, planning or other management costs. 
COOPERATIVE ENDANGERED SPECIES  
CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out sec-tion 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1535), $49,495,000, to remain avail-able until expended, of which $18,695,000 is to be derived from the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund; and of which $30,800,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE FUND  For expenses necessary to implement the Act of October 17, 1978 (16 U.S.C. 715s), $13,228,000. 
NORTH AMERICAN WETLANDS CONSERVATION  
FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.), $43,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
NEOTROPICAL MIGRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), $3,910,000, to re-main available until expended. 
MULTINATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.), the Asian Elephant Conserva-tion Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq.), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), $12,061,000, to remain available until expended. 
STATE AND TRIBAL WILDLIFE GRANTS  For wildlife conservation grants to States and to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Indian tribes under the provisions of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, for the devel-opment and implementation of programs for the benefit of wildlife and their habitat, in-cluding species that are not hunted or fished, $65,571,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of the amount pro-vided herein, $4,209,000 is for a competitive grant program for Indian tribes not subject to the remaining provisions of this appro-priation: Provided further, That $6,362,000 is for a competitive grant program to imple-ment approved plans for States, territories, and other jurisdictions and at the discretion of affected States, the regional Associations of fish and wildlife agencies, not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropria-tion: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, after deducting $10,571,000 and adminis-trative expenses, apportion the amount pro-vided herein in the following manner: (1) to the District of Columbia and to the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, each a sum equal to not more than one-half of 1 percent there-of; and (2) to Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, each a sum equal to not more than one- fourth of 1 percent thereof: Provided further, That the Secretary shall apportion the re-maining amount in the following manner: (1) one-third of which is based on the ratio to which the land area of such State bears to the total land area of all such States; and (2) two-thirds of which is based on the ratio to which the population of such State bears to the total population of all such States: Pro- vided further, That the amounts apportioned under this paragraph shall be adjusted equi-tably so that no State shall be apportioned a sum which is less than 1 percent of the amount available for apportionment under this paragraph for any fiscal year or more than 5 percent of such amount: Provided fur-ther, That the Federal share of planning grants shall not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such projects and the Federal share of implementation grants shall not ex-ceed 65 percent of the total costs of such projects: Provided further, That the non-Fed-eral share of such projects may not be de-rived from Federal grant programs: Provided further, That any amount apportioned in 2019 to any State, territory, or other jurisdiction that remains unobligated as of September 30, 2020, shall be reapportioned, together with funds appropriated in 2021, in the manner provided herein. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice may carry out the operations of Service programs by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reim-bursable agreements with public and private entities. Appropriations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice shall be available for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reserva-tion areas caused by operations of the Serv-ice; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed $1 for each option; facilities incident to such public recreational uses on conserva-tion areas as are consistent with their pri-mary purpose; and the maintenance and im-provement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Serv-ice and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in con-nection with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided, That notwithstanding 44 U.S.C. 501, the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publica-tions for which the cooperators share at least one-half the cost of printing either in cash or services and the Service determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accept-ed quality standards: Provided further, That the Service may accept donated aircraft as replacements for existing aircraft: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, all fees collected for non-toxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the heading ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service—Resource Management’’ and shall be available to the Secretary, without fur-ther appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such non-toxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall remain available until expended. NATIONAL PARKSERVICE  
OPERATION OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM  For expenses necessary for the manage-ment, operation, and maintenance of areas and facilities administered by the National Park Service and for the general administra-tion of the National Park Service, $2,500,369,000, of which $10,032,000 for planning and interagency coordination in support of Everglades restoration and $141,961,000 for maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation projects for constructed assets and $149,075,000 for cyclic maintenance projects for constructed assets shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading in this Act are available for the purposes of section 5 of Public Law 95–348. 
NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out recre-ation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance and review, inter-national park affairs, and grant administra-tion, not otherwise provided for, $64,138,000. 
HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary in carrying out the National Historic Preservation Act (division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code), $88,910,000, to be derived from the His-toric Preservation Fund and to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That of the funds provided for the Historic Preser-vation Fund, $500,000 is for competitive grants for the survey and nomination of properties to the National Register of His-toric Places and as National Historic Land-marks associated with communities cur-rently under-represented, as determined by the Secretary, $13,000,000 is for competitive grants to preserve the sites and stories of the Civil Rights movement, $5,000,000 is for grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and $5,000,000 is for competitive grants for the restoration of historic prop-erties of national, State and local signifi-cance listed on or eligible for inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places, to be made without imposing the usage or di-rect grant restrictions of section 101(e)(3) (54 U.S.C. 302904) of the National Historical Preservation Act: Provided further, That such competitive grants shall be made without imposing the matching requirements in sec-tion 302902(b)(3) of title 54, United States Code, to States and Indian tribes as defined in chapter 3003 of such title, Native Hawaiian organizations, local governments, including Certified Local Governments, and non-profit organizations. 
CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvements, repair, or replacement of physical facilities, and com-pliance and planning for programs and areas administered by the National Park Service, $364,704,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, for any project ini-tially funded in fiscal year 2019 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5-Year Line Item Construction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further, That the solicitation and contract shall con-tain the clause availability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18: Provided further, That Na- tional Park Service Donations, Park Conces-sions Franchise Fees, and Recreation Fees may be made available for the cost of adjust-ments and changes within the original scope 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5136 July 23, 2018 
of effort for projects funded by the National Park Service Construction appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations, in accordance with cur-rent reprogramming thresholds, prior to making any charges authorized by this sec-tion. 
LAND ACQUISITION AND STATE ASSISTANCE  For expenses necessary to carry out chap-ter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, in-cluding administrative expenses, and for ac-quisition of lands or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with the statutory au-thority applicable to the National Park Service, $174,444,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which $124,006,000 is for the State assistance pro-gram and of which $15,000,000 shall be for the American Battlefield Protection Program grants as authorized by chapter 3081 of title 54, United States Code. 
CENTENNIAL CHALLENGE  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of section 101701 of title 54, United States Code, relating to challenge cost share agreements, $23,000,000, to remain available until expended, for Centennial Challenge projects and programs: Provided, That not less than 50 percent of the total cost of each project or program shall be derived from non-Federal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of donation guaran-teed by an irrevocable letter of credit. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to other uses set forth in sec-tion 101917(c)(2) of title 54, United States Code, franchise fees credited to a sub-ac-count shall be available for expenditure by the Secretary, without further appropria-tion, for use at any unit within the National Park System to extinguish or reduce liabil-ity for Possessory Interest or leasehold sur-render interest. Such funds may only be used for this purpose to the extent that the bene-fitting unit anticipated franchise fee receipts over the term of the contract at that unit exceed the amount of funds used to extin-guish or reduce liability. Franchise fees at the benefitting unit shall be credited to the sub-account of the originating unit over a period not to exceed the term of a single con-tract at the benefitting unit, in the amount of funds so expended to extinguish or reduce liability. For the costs of administration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund grants authorized by section 105(a)(2)(B) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (Pub-lic Law 109–432), the National Park Service may retain up to 3 percent of the amounts which are authorized to be disbursed under such section, such retained amounts to re-main available until expended. National Park Service funds may be trans-ferred to the Federal Highway Administra-tion (FHWA), Department of Transportation, for purposes authorized under 23 U.S.C. 204. Transfers may include a reasonable amount for FHWA administrative support costs. U
NITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY  
SURVEYS , INVESTIGATIONS , AND RESEARCH  For expenses necessary for the United States Geological Survey to perform sur-veys, investigations, and research covering topography, geology, hydrology, biology, and the mineral and water resources of the United States, its territories and posses-sions, and other areas as authorized by 43 U.S.C. 31, 1332, and 1340; classify lands as to their mineral and water resources; give engi-neering supervision to power permittees and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission li-censees; administer the minerals exploration program (30 U.S.C. 641); conduct inquiries into the economic conditions affecting min-ing and materials processing industries (30 U.S.C. 3, 21a, and 1603; 50 U.S.C. 98g(1)) and related purposes as authorized by law; and to publish and disseminate data relative to the foregoing activities; $1,148,457,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; of which $84,337,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for satellite operations; and of which $15,164,000 shall be available until expended for deferred maintenance and capital im-provement projects that exceed $100,000 in cost: Provided, That none of the funds pro-vided for the ecosystem research activity shall be used to conduct new surveys on pri-vate property, unless specifically authorized in writing by the property owner: Provided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be used to pay more than one-half the cost of topographic mapping or water re-sources data collection and investigations carried on in cooperation with States and municipalities. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  From within the amount appropriated for activities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the public interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisi-tion of lands for gauging stations, observa-tion wells, and seismic equipment; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geological Sciences; and payment of com-pensation and expenses of persons employed by the Survey duly appointed to represent the United States in the negotiation and ad-ministration of interstate compacts: Pro- vided, That activities funded by appropria-tions herein made may be accomplished through the use of contracts, grants, or coop-erative agreements as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided fur-ther, That the United States Geological Sur-vey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indi-rectly with institutions or nonprofit organi-zations, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 6101, for the temporary or intermittent services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to compensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal em-ployees for any other purposes. B
UREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  
OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  For expenses necessary for granting and administering leases, easements, rights-of- way and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine-related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving operations related thereto, as au-thorized by law; for environmental studies, as authorized by law; for implementing other laws and to the extent provided by Presi-dential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $179,266,000, of which $129,450,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $49,816,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appro-priation shall be reduced by amounts col-lected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts re-sulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost re-covery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursu-ant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, anal-ysis, and miscellaneous administrative ac-tivities: Provided further, That the sum here-in appropriated shall be reduced as such col-lections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 ap-propriation estimated at not more than $129,450,000: Provided further, That not to ex-ceed $3,000 shall be available for reasonable expenses related to promoting volunteer beach and marine cleanup activities. BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  E
NFORCEMENT  
OFFSHORE SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
ENFORCEMENT  For expenses necessary for the regulation of operations related to leases, easements, rights-of-way and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine- related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf, as authorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as au-thorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $145,475,000, of which $121,351,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $24,124,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities con-ducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environ-mental Enforcement pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including stud-ies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received dur-ing the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $121,351,000. For an additional amount, $41,765,000, to remain available until expended, to be re-duced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which shall be derived from non-refundable inspec-tion fees collected in fiscal year 2019, as pro-vided in this Act: Provided, That to the ex-tent that amounts realized from such inspec-tion fees exceed $41,765,000, the amounts real-ized in excess of $41,765,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain available until expended: Provided further, That for fis-cal year 2019, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and mission-re-lated costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly development, subject to environ-mental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.), in-cluding the review of applications for per-mits to drill. 
OIL SPILL RESEARCH  For necessary expenses to carry out title I, section 1016, title IV, sections 4202 and 4303, title VII, and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $12,700,000, which shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until ex-pended. O
FFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND  E
NFORCEMENT  
REGULATION AND TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $114,900,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That appropria-tions for the Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement may provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5137 July 23, 2018 
the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Sur-face Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, for costs to review, admin-ister, and enforce permits issued by the Of-fice pursuant to section 507 of Public Law 95– 87 (30 U.S.C. 1257), $40,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That fees as-sessed and collected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collec-tions, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appro-priated from the general fund shall be re-duced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $114,900,000. 
ABANDONED MINE RECLAMATION FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out title IV of the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $22,952,000, to be derived from receipts of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided, That pursuant to Public Law 97–365, the De-partment of the Interior is authorized to use up to 20 percent from the recovery of the de-linquent debt owed to the United States Gov-ernment to pay for contracts to collect these debts: Provided further, That funds made available under title IV of Public Law 95–87 may be used for any required non-Federal share of the cost of projects funded by the Federal Government for the purpose of envi-ronmental restoration related to treatment or abatement of acid mine drainage from abandoned mines: Provided further, That such projects must be consistent with the pur-poses and priorities of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act: Provided fur-ther, That amounts provided under this head-ing may be used for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel at-tending Office of Surface Mining Reclama-tion and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, $115,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, for grants to States and federally recognized Indian Tribes for rec-lamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and conditions in the report accom-panying this Act: Provided, That such addi-tional amount shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1233(a)): Provided fur-ther, That of such additional amount, $75,000,000 shall be distributed in equal amounts to the 3 Appalachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet the priorities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such section, $30,000,000 shall be distributed in equal amounts to the 3 Appa-lachian States with the subsequent greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet such pri-orities, and $10,000,000 shall be for grants to federally recognized Indian Tribes without regard to their status as certified or uncertified under the Surface Mining Con-trol and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1233(a)), for reclamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accord-ance with the terms and conditions in the re-port accompanying this Act and shall be used for economic and community develop-ment in conjunction with the priorities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977: Provided fur-ther, That such additional amount shall be allocated to States and Indian Tribes within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF  I
NDIAN EDUCATION  
OPERATION OF INDIAN PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the operation of Indian programs, as authorized by law, in-cluding the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Education Amend-ments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2001–2019), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), $2,403,890,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $8,500 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $76,000,000 shall be for welfare assist-ance payments: Provided, That in cases of designated Federal disasters, the Secretary may exceed such cap, from the amounts pro-vided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further, That federally recognized Indian tribes and tribal organizations of fed-erally recognized Indian tribes may use their tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further, That not to exceed $680,673,000 for school operations costs of Bureau-funded schools and other education programs shall become available on July 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That not to exceed $54,174,000 shall remain available until expended for housing im-provement, road maintenance, attorney fees, litigation support, land records improve-ment, and the Navajo-Hopi Settlement Pro-gram: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, including but not limited to the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) and section 1128 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2008), not to exceed $81,036,000 within and only from such amounts made available for school operations shall be available for administrative cost grants associated with grants approved prior to July 1, 2019: Pro- vided further, That any forestry funds allo-cated to a federally recognized tribe which remain unobligated as of September 30, 2020, may be transferred during fiscal year 2021 to an Indian forest land assistance account es-tablished for the benefit of the holder of the funds within the holder’s trust fund account: Provided further, That any such unobligated balances not so transferred shall expire on September 30, 2021: Provided further, That in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to pur-chase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organi-zations for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs for fiscal year 2019, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
CONSTRUCTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For construction, repair, improvement, and maintenance of irrigation and power sys-tems, buildings, utilities, and other facili-ties, including architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; and preparation of lands for farming, and for construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project pursu-ant to Public Law 87–483; $359,419,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That such amounts as may be available for the construction of the Navajo Indian Irriga-tion Project may be transferred to the Bu-reau of Reclamation: Provided further, That not to exceed 6 percent of contract authority available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs from the Federal Highway Trust Fund may be used to cover the road program manage-ment costs of the Bureau: Provided further, That any funds provided for the Safety of Dams program pursuant to the Act of No-vember 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), shall be made available on a nonreimbursable basis: Pro- vided further, That for fiscal year 2019, in im-plementing new construction, replacement facilities construction, or facilities improve-ment and repair project grants in excess of $100,000 that are provided to grant schools under Public Law 100–297, the Secretary of the Interior shall use the Administrative and Audit Requirements and Cost Principles for Assistance Programs contained in part 12 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, as the regulatory requirements: Provided further, That such grants shall not be subject to sec-tion 12.61 of title 43, Code of Federal Regula-tions; the Secretary and the grantee shall negotiate and determine a schedule of pay-ments for the work to be performed: Provided further, That in considering grant applica-tions, the Secretary shall consider whether such grantee would be deficient in assuring that the construction projects conform to applicable building standards and codes and Federal, tribal, or State health and safety standards as required by section 1125(b) of title XI of Public Law 95–561 (25 U.S.C. 2005(b)), with respect to organizational and financial management capabilities: Provided further, That if the Secretary declines a grant application, the Secretary shall follow the requirements contained in section 5206(f) of Public Law 100–297 (25 U.S.C. 2504(f)): Pro- vided further, That any disputes between the Secretary and any grantee concerning a grant shall be subject to the disputes provi-sion in section 5208(e) of Public Law 107–110 (25 U.S.C. 2507(e)): Provided further, That in order to ensure timely completion of con-struction projects, the Secretary may as-sume control of a project and all funds re-lated to the project, if, within 18 months of the date of enactment of this Act, any grant-ee receiving funds appropriated in this Act or in any prior Act, has not completed the planning and design phase of the project and commenced construction: Provided further, That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians appropriation for the ap-propriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation. INDIAN LAND AND WATER CLAIM SETTLEMENTS  
AND MISCELLANEOUS PAYMENTS TO INDIANS  For payments and necessary administra-tive expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264, 100–580, 101–618, 111–11, 111–291, and 114–322, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $55,457,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That the Secretary shall make payments in such amounts as nec-essary to satisfy the total authorized amount for the Navajo Nation Water Rights Trust Fund. 
INDIAN GUARANTEED LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans and in-sured loans, $9,279,000, of which $1,252,000 is for administrative expenses, as authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5138 July 23, 2018 
available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or in-sured, not to exceed $123,565,389. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The Bureau of Indian Affairs may carry out the operation of Indian programs by di-rect expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, either di-rectly or in cooperation with States and other organizations. Notwithstanding Public Law 87–279 (25 U.S.C. 15), the Bureau of Indian Affairs may contract for services in support of the man-agement, operation, and maintenance of the Power Division of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of In-dian Affairs for central office oversight and Executive Direction and Administrative Services (except executive direction and ad-ministrative services funding for Tribal Pri-ority Allocations, regional offices, and facili-ties operations and maintenance) shall be available for contracts, grants, compacts, or cooperative agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs under the provisions of the In-dian Self-Determination Act or the Tribal Self-Governance Act of 1994 (Public Law 103– 413). In the event any tribe returns appropria-tions made available by this Act to the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs, this action shall not diminish the Federal Government’s trust re-sponsibility to that tribe, or the govern-ment-to-government relationship between the United States and that tribe, or that tribe’s ability to access future appropria-tions. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of In-dian Education, other than the amounts pro-vided herein for assistance to public schools under 25 U.S.C. 452 et seq., shall be available to support the operation of any elementary or secondary school in the State of Alaska. No funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education shall be used to support expanded grades for any school or dormitory beyond the grade structure in place or approved by the Secretary of the Interior at each school in the Bureau of Indian Education school system as of October 1, 1995, except that the Secretary of the Interior may waive this pro-hibition to support expansion of up to one additional grade when the Secretary deter-mines such waiver is needed to support ac-complishment of the mission of the Bureau of Indian Education, or more than one grade to expand the elementary grade structure for Bureau-funded schools with a K-2 grade structure on October 1, 1996. Appropriations made available in this or any prior Act for schools funded by the Bureau shall be avail-able, in accordance with the Bureau’s fund-ing formula, only to the schools in the Bu-reau school system as of September 1, 1996, and to any school or school program that was reinstated in fiscal year 2012. Funds made available under this Act may not be used to establish a charter school at a Bu-reau-funded school (as that term is defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2021)), except that a charter school that is in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act and that has operated at a Bureau-funded school before September 1, 1999, may continue to operate during that period, but only if the charter school pays to the Bureau a pro rata share of funds to reim-burse the Bureau for the use of the real and personal property (including buses and vans), the funds of the charter school are kept sepa-rate and apart from Bureau funds, and the Bureau does not assume any obligation for charter school programs of the State in which the school is located if the charter school loses such funding. Employees of Bu-reau-funded schools sharing a campus with a charter school and performing functions re-lated to the charter school’s operation and employees of a charter school shall not be treated as Federal employees for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 113 of title I of appen-dix C of Public Law 106–113, if in fiscal year 2003 or 2004 a grantee received indirect and administrative costs pursuant to a distribu-tion formula based on section 5(f) of Public Law 101–301, the Secretary shall continue to distribute indirect and administrative cost funds to such grantee using the section 5(f) distribution formula. Funds available under this Act may not be used to establish satellite locations of schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, except that the Secretary may waive this prohibition in order for an Indian tribe to provide language and cultural immersion educational programs for non- public schools located within the jurisdic-tional area of the tribal government which exclusively serve tribal members, do not in-clude grades beyond those currently served at the existing Bureau-funded school, pro-vide an educational environment with educa-tor presence and academic facilities com-parable to the Bureau-funded school, comply with all applicable Tribal, Federal, or State health and safety standards, and the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act, and demonstrate the benefits of establishing operations at a satellite location in lieu of incurring ex-traordinary costs, such as for transportation or other impacts to students such as those caused by busing students extended dis-tances: Provided, That no funds available under this Act may be used to fund oper-ations, maintenance, rehabilitation, con-struction or other facilities-related costs for such assets that are not owned by the Bu-reau: Provided further, That the term ‘‘sat-ellite school’’ means a school location phys-ically separated from the existing Bureau school by more than 50 miles but that forms part of the existing school in all other re-spects. D
EPARTMENTAL OFFICES  O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
DEPARTMENTAL OPERATIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for management of the Department of the Interior and for grants and cooperative agreements, as au-thorized by law, $134,673,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses; and of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for workers compensation payments and unemployment compensation payments associated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $9,000,000 for the Of-fice of Valuation Services is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and shall remain available until expended; and of which $9,704,000 for Indian land, min-eral, and resource valuation activities shall remain available until expended: Provided, That funds for Indian land, mineral, and re-source valuation activities may, as needed, be transferred to and merged with the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ account and the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians ‘‘Federal Trust Pro-grams’’ account: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fiscal year 2019, as author-ized by the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  For fiscal year 2019, up to $400,000 of the payments authorized by chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, may be retained for administrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided, That the amounts provided under this Act specifically for the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program are the only amounts available for payments authorized under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in the event the sums appropriated for any fis-cal year for payments pursuant to this chap-ter are insufficient to make the full pay-ments authorized by that chapter to all units of local government, then the payment to each local government shall be made pro-portionally: Provided further, That the Sec-retary may make adjustments to payment to individual units of local government to cor-rect for prior overpayments or underpay-ments: Provided further, That no payment shall be made pursuant to that chapter to otherwise eligible units of local government if the computed amount of the payment is less than $100. I
NSULAR AFFAIRS  
ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES  For expenses necessary for assistance to territories under the jurisdiction of the De-partment of the Interior and other jurisdic-tions identified in section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188, $100,688,000, of which: (1) $91,240,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for territorial assistance, including general technical assistance, maintenance assistance, disaster assistance, coral reef ini-tiative activities, and brown tree snake con-trol and research; grants to the judiciary in American Samoa for compensation and ex-penses, as authorized by law (48 U.S.C. 1661(c)); grants to the Government of Amer-ican Samoa, in addition to current local rev-enues, for construction and support of gov-ernmental functions; grants to the Govern-ment of the Virgin Islands, as authorized by law; grants to the Government of Guam, as authorized by law; and grants to the Govern-ment of the Northern Mariana Islands , as authorized by law (Public Law 94–241; 90 Stat. 272); and (2) $9,448,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for salaries and ex-penses of the Office of Insular Affairs: Pro- vided, That all financial transactions of the territorial and local governments herein pro-vided for, including such transactions of all agencies or instrumentalities established or used by such governments, may be audited by the Government Accountability Office, at its discretion, in accordance with chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code: Provided fur-ther, That Northern Mariana Islands Cov-enant grant funding shall be provided ac-cording to those terms of the Agreement of the Special Representatives on Future United States Financial Assistance for the Northern Mariana Islands approved by Pub-lic Law 104–134: Provided further, That the funds for the program of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and maintenance improvement of capital infra-structure with territorial participation and cost sharing to be determined by the Sec-retary based on the grantee’s commitment to timely maintenance of its capital assets: Provided further, That any appropriation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropriations Acts may be used as non–Federal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to section 404 of the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c). 
COMPACT OF FREE ASSOCIATION  For grants and necessary expenses, $3,563,000, to remain available until ex-pended, as provided for in sections 221(a)(2) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5139 July 23, 2018 
and 233 of the Compact of Free Association for the Republic of Palau; and section 221(a)(2) of the Compacts of Free Association for the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia, as authorized by Public Law 99– 658 and Public Law 108–188. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  At the request of the Governor of Guam, the Secretary may transfer discretionary funds or mandatory funds provided under section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188 and Pub-lic Law 104–134, that are allocated for Guam, to the Secretary of Agriculture for the sub-sidy cost of direct or guaranteed loans, plus not to exceed three percent of the amount of the subsidy transferred for the cost of loan administration, for the purposes authorized by the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act for construction and repair projects in Guam, and such funds shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such loans or loan guarantees may be made without regard to the population of the area, credit else-where requirements, and restrictions on the types of eligible entities under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further, That any funds transferred to the Secretary of Agri-culture shall be in addition to funds other-wise made available to make or guarantee loans under such authorities. O
FFICE OF THE SOLICITOR  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Solicitor, $65,674,000. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, $52,486,000. O
FFICE OF THE SPECIAL TRUSTEE FOR  A
MERICAN INDIANS  
FEDERAL TRUST PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the operation of trust programs for In-dians by direct expenditure, contracts, coop-erative agreements, compacts, and grants, $112,380,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which not to exceed $19,016,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for historical accounting: Provided, That funds for trust management improvements and litigation support may, as needed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Edu-cation, ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ ac-count; the Office of the Solicitor, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account; and the Office of the Secretary, ‘‘Departmental Operations’’ ac-count: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obli-gated during fiscal year 2019, as authorized by the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to provide a quarterly state-ment of performance for any Indian trust ac-count that has not had activity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such ac-count to be withdrawn upon the express writ-ten request of the account holder: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000 is avail-able for the Secretary to make payments to correct administrative errors of either dis-bursements from or deposits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal accounts after Sep-tember 30, 2002: Provided further, That erro-neous payments that are recovered shall be credited to and remain available in this ac-count for this purpose: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not be required to rec-oncile Special Deposit Accounts with a bal-ance of less than $500 unless the Office of the Special Trustee receives proof of ownership from a Special Deposit Accounts claimant: Provided further, That notwithstanding sec-tion 102 of the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–412) or any other provision of law, the Secretary may aggregate the trust accounts of individuals whose whereabouts are un-known for a continuous period of at least five years and shall not be required to gen-erate periodic statements of performance for the individual accounts: Provided further, That with respect to the eighth proviso, the Secretary shall continue to maintain suffi-cient records to determine the balance of the individual accounts, including any accrued interest and income, and such funds shall re-main available to the individual account holders. DEPARTMENT -WIDE PROGRAMS  
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for fire prepared-ness, fire suppression operations, fire science and research, emergency rehabilitation, fuels management activities, and rural fire assistance by the Department of the Inte-rior, $1,116,076,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $18,427,000 shall be for the renovation or construction of fire facilities: Provided, That such funds are also available for repayment of advances to other appropriation accounts from which funds were previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided $188,000,000 is for fuels management activities: Provided further, That of the funds provided $20,470,000 is for burned area reha-bilitation: Provided further, That persons hired pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1469 may be fur-nished subsistence and lodging without cost from funds available from this appropria-tion: Provided further, That notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 1856d, sums received by a bureau or office of the Department of the Interior for fire protection rendered pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1856 et seq., protection of United States property, may be credited to the ap-propriation from which funds were expended to provide that protection, and are available without fiscal year limitation: Provided fur-ther, That using the amounts designated under this title of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into procurement contracts, grants, or cooperative agree-ments, for fuels management activities, and for training and monitoring associated with such fuels management activities on Federal land, or on adjacent non-Federal land for ac-tivities that benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That the costs of im-plementing any cooperative agreement be-tween the Federal Government and any non- Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That notwithstanding requirements of the Competition in Contracting Act, the Secretary, for purposes of fuels management activities, may obtain maximum practicable competition among: (1) local private, non-profit, or cooperative entities; (2) Youth Con-servation Corps crews, Public Lands Corps (Public Law 109–154), or related partnerships with State, local, or nonprofit youth groups; (3) small or micro-businesses; or (4) other en-tities that will hire or train locally a signifi-cant percentage, defined as 50 percent or more, of the project workforce to complete such contracts: Provided further, That in im-plementing this section, the Secretary shall develop written guidance to field units to en-sure accountability and consistent applica-tion of the authorities provided herein: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to reimburse the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service for the costs of carrying out their responsibil-ities under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) to consult and conference, as required by section 7 of such Act, in connection with wildland fire man-agement activities: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior may use wildland fire appropriations to enter into leases of real property with local govern-ments, at or below fair market value, to con-struct capitalized improvements for fire fa-cilities on such leased properties, including but not limited to fire guard stations, re-tardant stations, and other initial attack and fire support facilities, and to make ad-vance payments for any such lease or for construction activity associated with the lease: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appro-priated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such trans-fers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Pro- vided further, That funds provided for wildfire suppression shall be available for support of Federal emergency response actions: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for assistance to or through the Department of State in connection with forest and rangeland re-search, technical information, and assist-ance in foreign countries, and, with the con-currence of the Secretary of State, shall be available to support forestry, wildland fire management, and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including tech-nical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States and inter-national organizations. 
CENTRAL HAZARDOUS MATERIALS FUND  For necessary expenses of the Department of the Interior and any of its component of-fices and bureaus for the response action, in-cluding associated activities, performed pur-suant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), $10,010,000, to remain available until expended. N
ATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT  
ANDRESTORATION  
NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT FUND  To conduct natural resource damage as-sessment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provi-sions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), and 54 U.S.C. 100721 et seq., $7,767,000, to remain available until expended. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  For the operation and maintenance of a de-partmental financial and business manage-ment system, information technology im-provements of general benefit to the Depart-ment, cybersecurity, and the consolidation of facilities and operations throughout the Department, $56,735,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5140 July 23, 2018 
funds appropriated in this Act or any other Act may be used to establish reserves in the Working Capital Fund account other than for accrued annual leave and depreciation of equipment without prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That the Secretary may assess rea-sonable charges to State, local and tribal government employees for training services provided by the National Indian Program Training Center, other than training related to Public Law 93–638: Provided further, That the Secretary may lease or otherwise provide space and related facilities, equipment or professional services of the National Indian Program Training Center to State, local and tribal government employees or persons or organizations engaged in cultural, edu-cational, or recreational activities (as de-fined in section 3306(a) of title 40, United States Code) at the prevailing rate for simi-lar space, facilities, equipment, or services in the vicinity of the National Indian Pro-gram Training Center: Provided further, That all funds received pursuant to the two pre-ceding provisos shall be credited to this ac-count, shall be available until expended, and shall be used by the Secretary for necessary expenses of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That the Secretary may enter into grants and cooper-ative agreements to support the Office of Natural Resource Revenue’s collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, as authorized by law. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  There is hereby authorized for acquisition from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be ob-tained by donation, purchase or through available excess surplus property: Provided, That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the re-placement aircraft. 
OFFICE OF NATURAL RESOURCES REVENUE  For necessary expenses for management of the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $137,505,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; of which $41,727,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activities: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law, $15,000 shall be available for refunds of over-payments in connection with certain Indian leases in which the Secretary concurred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS , DEPARTMENT OF THE  I
NTERIOR  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY —INTRA - 
BUREAU  S
EC. 101. Appropriations made in this title shall be available for expenditure or transfer (within each bureau or office), with the ap-proval of the Secretary, for the emergency reconstruction, replacement, or repair of air-craft, buildings, utilities, or other facilities or equipment damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, storm, or other unavoidable causes: Provided, That no funds shall be made avail-able under this authority until funds specifi-cally made available to the Department of the Interior for emergencies shall have been exhausted: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replen-ished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as pos-sible. EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY — 
DEPARTMENT -WIDE S
EC. 102. The Secretary may authorize the expenditure or transfer of any no year appro-priation in this title, in addition to the amounts included in the budget programs of the several agencies, for the suppression or emergency prevention of wildland fires on or threatening lands under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior; for the emer-gency rehabilitation of burned-over lands under its jurisdiction; for emergency actions related to potential or actual earthquakes, floods, volcanoes, storms, or other unavoid-able causes; for contingency planning subse-quent to actual oil spills; for response and natural resource damage assessment activi-ties related to actual oil spills or releases of hazardous substances into the environment; for the prevention, suppression, and control of actual or potential grasshopper and Mor-mon cricket outbreaks on lands under the ju-risdiction of the Secretary, pursuant to the authority in section 417(b) of Public Law 106– 224 (7 U.S.C. 7717(b)); for emergency reclama-tion projects under section 410 of Public Law 95–87; and shall transfer, from any no year funds available to the Office of Surface Min-ing Reclamation and Enforcement, such funds as may be necessary to permit assump-tion of regulatory authority in the event a primacy State is not carrying out the regu-latory provisions of the Surface Mining Act: Provided, That appropriations made in this title for wildland fire operations shall be available for the payment of obligations in-curred during the preceding fiscal year, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for destruction of vehicles, aircraft, or other equipment in connection with their use for wildland fire operations, with such reim-bursement to be credited to appropriations currently available at the time of receipt thereof: Provided further, That for wildland fire operations, no funds shall be made avail-able under this authority until the Secretary determines that funds appropriated for ‘‘wildland fire suppression’’ shall be ex-hausted within 30 days: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental ap-propriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible: Provided further, That such replenishment funds shall be used to re-imburse, on a pro rata basis, accounts from which emergency funds were transferred. 
AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 103. Appropriations made to the De-partment of the Interior in this title shall be available for services as authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, when authorized by the Secretary, in total amount not to exceed $500,000; purchase and replace-ment of motor vehicles, including specially equipped law enforcement vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of re-prints; payment for telephone service in pri-vate residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; and the payment of dues, when authorized by the Secretary, for library membership in so-cieties or associations which issue publica-tions to members only or at a price to mem-bers lower than to subscribers who are not members. 
AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS , INDIAN TRUST  
MANAGEMENT  S
EC. 104. Appropriations made in this Act under the headings Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians and any unobligated balances from prior ap-propriations Acts made under the same head-ings shall be available for expenditure or transfer for Indian trust management and re-form activities. Total funding for historical accounting activities shall not exceed amounts specifically designated in this Act for such purpose. REDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS , BUREAU OF INDIAN  
AFFAIRS  S
EC. 105. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to redistribute any Tribal Pri-ority Allocation funds, including tribal base funds, to alleviate tribal funding inequities by transferring funds to address identified, unmet needs, dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribution methodologies. No tribe shall receive a re-duction in Tribal Priority Allocation funds of more than 10 percent in fiscal year 2019. Under circumstances of dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate dis-tribution methodologies, the 10 percent limi-tation does not apply. 
ELLIS , GOVERNORS , AND LIBERTY ISLANDS  S
EC. 106. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to acquire lands, waters, or inter-ests therein including the use of all or part of any pier, dock, or landing within the State of New York and the State of New Jer-sey, for the purpose of operating and main-taining facilities in the support of transpor-tation and accommodation of visitors to Ellis, Governors, and Liberty Islands, and of other program and administrative activities, by donation or with appropriated funds, in-cluding franchise fees (and other monetary consideration), or by exchange; and the Sec-retary is authorized to negotiate and enter into leases, subleases, concession contracts or other agreements for the use of such fa-cilities on such terms and conditions as the Secretary may determine reasonable. 
OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF INSPECTION FEES  S
EC. 107. (a) In fiscal year 2019, the Sec-retary shall collect a nonrefundable inspec-tion fee, which shall be deposited in the ‘‘Off-shore Safety and Environmental Enforce-ment’’ account, from the designated operator for facilities subject to inspection under 43 U.S.C. 1348(c). (b) Annual fees shall be collected for facili-ties that are above the waterline, excluding drilling rigs, and are in place at the start of the fiscal year. Fees for fiscal year 2019 shall be: (1) $10,500 for facilities with no wells, but with processing equipment or gathering lines; (2) $17,000 for facilities with 1 to 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells; and (3) $31,500 for facilities with more than 10 wells, with any combination of active or in-active wells. (c) Fees for drilling rigs shall be assessed for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2019. Fees for fiscal year 2019 shall be: (1) $30,500 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of 500 feet or more; and (2) $16,700 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of less than 500 feet. (d) The Secretary shall bill designated op-erators under subsection (b) within 60 days, with payment required within 30 days of bill-ing. The Secretary shall bill designated oper-ators under subsection (c) within 30 days of the end of the month in which the inspection occurred, with payment required within 30 days of billing. 
BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT , REG-
ULATION AND ENFORCEMENT REORGANIZATION  S
EC. 108. The Secretary of the Interior, in order to implement a reorganization of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regu-lation and Enforcement, may transfer funds among and between the successor offices and bureaus affected by the reorganization only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5141 July 23, 2018 
in conformance with the reprogramming guidelines described in the report accom-panying this Act. 
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS FOR WILD HORSE  
AND BURRO HOLDING FACILITIES  S
EC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into multiyear cooperative agree-ments with nonprofit organizations and other appropriate entities, and may enter into multiyear contracts in accordance with the provisions of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code (except that the 5-year term restriction in subsection (a) shall not apply), for the long-term care and mainte-nance of excess wild free roaming horses and burros by such organizations or entities on private land. Such cooperative agreements and contracts may not exceed 10 years, sub-ject to renewal at the discretion of the Sec-retary. 
MASS MARKING OF SALMONIDS  S
EC. 110. The United States Fish and Wild-life Service shall, in carrying out its respon-sibilities to protect threatened and endan-gered species of salmon, implement a system of mass marking of salmonid stocks, in-tended for harvest, that are released from federally operated or federally financed hatcheries including but not limited to fish releases of coho, chinook, and steelhead spe-cies. Marked fish must have a visible mark that can be readily identified by commercial and recreational fishers. 
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS WITH INDIAN  
AFFAIRS  S
EC. 111. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, during fiscal year 2019, in car-rying out work involving cooperation with State, local, and tribal governments or any political subdivision thereof, Indian Affairs may record obligations against accounts re-ceivable from any such entities, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available at the end of the fiscal year. 
HUMANE TRANSFER OF EXCESS ANIMALS  S
EC. 112. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of the Interior may transfer excess wild horses or burros that have been removed from the public lands to other Federal, State, and local gov-ernment agencies for use as work animals: Provided, That the Secretary may make any such transfer immediately upon request of such Federal, State, or local government agency: Provided further, That any excess animal transferred under this provision shall lose its status as a wild free-roaming horse or burro as defined in the Wild Free-Roaming Horses and Burros Act: Provided further, That any Federal, State, or local government agency receiving excess wild horses or burros as authorized in this section shall not: de-stroy the horses or burros in a way that re-sults in their destruction into commercial products; sell or otherwise transfer the horses or burros in a way that results in their destruction for processing into com-mercial products; or euthanize the horses or burros except upon the recommendation of a licensed veterinarian, in cases of severe in-jury, illness, or advanced age. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR EXPERIENCED  
SERVICES PROGRAM  S
EC. 113. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to Federal grants and cooperative agreements, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to make grants to, or enter into cooperative agreements with, private nonprofit organizations des-ignated by the Secretary of Labor under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 to uti-lize the talents of older Americans in pro-grams authorized by other provisions of law administered by the Secretary and con-sistent with such provisions of law. (b) Prior to awarding any grant or agree-ment under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the agreement would not— (1) result in the displacement of individ-uals currently employed by the Department, including partial displacement through re-duction of non-overtime hours, wages, or em-ployment benefits; (2) result in the use of an individual under the Department of the Interior Experienced Services Program for a job or function in a case in which a Federal employee is in a lay-off status from the same or substantially equivalent job within the Department; or (3) affect existing contracts for services. PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES (PILT)  S
EC. 114. Section 6906 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. 
SAGE -GROUSE  S
EC. 115. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to write or issue pursuant to section 4 of the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533)— (1) a proposed rule for greater sage-grouse (Centrocercus urophasianus); (2) a proposed rule for the Columbia basin distinct population segment of greater sage- grouse. 
TECHNICAL CORRECTION  S
EC. 116. Division II of Public Law 104–333 (54 U.S.C. 320101 note), as amended by section 116(b)(2) of Public Law 114–113, is amended in each of sections 208, 310, and 607, by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. TITLE II ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY S
CIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For science and technology, including re-search and development activities, which shall include research and development ac-tivities under the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980; necessary expenses for per-sonnel and related costs and travel expenses; procurement of laboratory equipment and supplies; and other operating expenses in support of research and development, $717,723,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That of the funds included under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for Research: National Priorities as speci-fied in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That of unobligated bal-ances from appropriations made available under this heading, $11,250,000 are perma-nently rescinded: Provided further, That no amounts may be rescinded pursuant to the preceding proviso from amounts made avail-able in the first proviso for Research: Na-tional Priorities. E
NVIRONMENTAL PROGRAMS AND MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For environmental programs and manage-ment, including necessary expenses, not oth-erwise provided for, for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; hire, maintenance, and oper-ation of aircraft; purchase of reprints; li-brary memberships in societies or associa-tions which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members; adminis-trative costs of the brownfields program under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002; implementation of a coal combustion resid-ual permit program under section 2301 of the Water and Waste Act of 2016; and not to ex-ceed $9,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $2,659,675,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided, That of the funds included under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be for Environ-mental Protection: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That of the funds in-cluded under this heading, $454,958,000 shall be for Geographic Programs specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided fur-ther, That of the unobligated balances from appropriations made available under this heading, $61,676,000 are permanently re-scinded: Provided further, That no amounts may be rescinded pursuant to the preceding proviso from amounts made available in the first proviso for Environmental Protection: National Priorities, from amounts made available in the second proviso for Geo-graphic Programs, or from the National Es-tuary Program (33 U.S.C. 1330). In addition, $5,000,000 to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses of ac-tivities described in section 26(b)(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2625(b)(1)): Provided, That fees collected pur-suant to that section of that Act and depos-ited in the ‘‘TSCA Service Fee Fund’’ as dis-cretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2019 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this appropriation and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appro-priated in this paragraph from the general fund for fiscal year 2019 shall be reduced by the amount of discretionary offsetting re-ceipts received during fiscal year 2019, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropria-tion from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That to the extent that amounts realized from such re-ceipts exceed $5,000,000, those amount in ex-cess of $5,000,000 shall be deposited in the ‘‘TSCA Service Fee Fund’’ as discretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2019, shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the funds included in the first para-graph under this heading, the Chemical Risk Review and Reduction program project shall be allocated for this fiscal year, excluding the amount of any fees appropriated, not less than the amount of appropriations for that program project for fiscal year 2014. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $41,489,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. B
UILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For construction, repair, improvement, ex-tension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of, or for use by, the Environmental Protection Agency, $34,467,000, to remain available until ex-pended. H
AZARDOUS SUBSTANCE SUPERFUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including sections 111(c)(3), (c)(5), (c)(6), and (e)(4) (42 U.S.C. 9611) $1,091,947,000, to remain available until expended, con-sisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2018, as author-ized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $1,091,947,000 as a pay-ment from general revenues to the Haz-ardous Substance Superfund for purposes as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA: Pro- vided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be allocated to other Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5142 July 23, 2018 
agencies in accordance with section 111(a) of CERCLA: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $8,718,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Office of Inspector Gen-eral’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2020, and $17,398,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Science and Technology’’ appro-priation to remain available until September 30, 2020. L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANKTRUST  F
UNDPROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out leak-ing underground storage tank cleanup activi-ties authorized by subtitle I of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $91,941,000, to remain available until expended, of which $66,572,000 shall be for carrying out leaking under-ground storage tank cleanup activities au-thorized by section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $25,369,000 shall be for carrying out the other provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code: Provided, That the Administrator is authorized to use ap-propriations made available under this head-ing to implement section 9013 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to provide financial as-sistance to federally recognized Indian tribes for the development and implementation of programs to manage underground storage tanks. I
NLAND OILSPILL PROGRAMS  For expenses necessary to carry out the Environmental Protection Agency’s respon-sibilities under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $18,209,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability trust fund, to remain available until expended. S
TATE AND TRIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For environmental programs and infra-structure assistance, including capitaliza-tion grants for State revolving funds and performance partnership grants, $3,575,041,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which— (1) $1,394,000,000 shall be for making cap-italization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $864,000,000 shall be for making cap-italization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided, That for fiscal year 2019, to the extent there are sufficient eligible project applications and projects are consistent with State Intended Use Plans, not less than 10 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State for projects to address green infra-structure, water or energy efficiency im-provements, or other environmentally inno-vative activities: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants may, at the discretion of each State, be used for projects to address green infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other environmentally innovative activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding sec-tion 603(d)(7) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the limitation on the amounts in a State water pollution control revolving fund that may be used by a State to admin-ister the fund shall not apply to amounts in-cluded as principal in loans made by such fund in fiscal year 2019 and prior years where such amounts represent costs of admin-istering the fund to the extent that such amounts are or were deemed reasonable by the Administrator, accounted for separately from other assets in the fund, and used for eligible purposes of the fund, including ad-ministration: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, grants made under title II of such Act for American Samoa, Guam, the commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, the United States Virgin Islands, and the District of Columbia may also be made for the purpose of pro-viding assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifica-tions, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replace-ment of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial establishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwith-standing the provisions of such subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 and section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, funds reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act may also be used to provide assistance: (1) solely for fa-cility plans, design activities, or plans, spec-ifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal resi-dences or small commercial establishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding any provision of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act and regula-tions issued pursuant thereof, up to a total of $2,000,000 of the funds reserved by the Ad-ministrator for grants under section 518(c) of such Act may also be used for grants for training, technical assistance, and edu-cational programs relating to the operation and management of the treatment works specified in section 518(c) of such Act: Pro- vided further, That for fiscal year 2019, funds reserved under section 518(c) of such Act shall be available for grants only to Indian tribes, as defined in section 518(h) of such Act and former Indian reservations in Okla-homa (as determined by the Secretary of the Interior) and Native Villages as defined in Public Law 92–203: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the limita-tion on amounts in section 518(c) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $30,000,000, whichever is greater, and not-withstanding the limitation on amounts in section 1452(i) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $20,000,000, whichever is greater, for State Revolving Funds under such Acts may be reserved by the Adminis-trator for grants under section 518(c) and section 1452(i) of such Acts: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the amounts specified in section 205(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to 1.5 percent of the aggregate funds appro-priated for the Clean Water State Revolving Fund program under the Act less any sums reserved under section 518(c) of the Act, may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under title II of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, and United States Virgin Islands: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the limitations on amounts specified in section 1452(j) of the Safe Drink-ing Water Act, up to 1.5 percent of the funds appropriated for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund programs under the Safe Drinking Water Act may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Pro- vided further, That 10 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund cap-italization grants and 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State to provide additional subsidy to eligi-ble recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans, or grants (or any combination of these), and shall be so used by the State only where such funds are provided as initial financing for an eligi-ble recipient or to buy, refinance, or restruc-ture the debt obligations of eligible recipi-ents only where such debt was incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act, or where such debt was incurred prior to the date of enactment of this Act if the State, with concurrence from the Administrator, determines that such funds could be used to help address a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in drinking water or if a Federal or State emergency declaration has been issued due to a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in a municipal drinking water supply before the date of enactment of this Act: Pro- vided further, That in a State in which such an emergency declaration has been issued, the State may use more than 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to the State for Drinking Water State Revolv-ing Fund capitalization grants to provide ad-ditional subsidy to eligible recipients; (2) $15,000,000 shall be for architectural, en-gineering, planning, design, construction and related activities in connection with the construction of high priority water and wastewater facilities in the area of the United States-Mexico Border, after consulta-tion with the appropriate border commis-sion: Provided, That no funds provided by this appropriations Act to address the water, wastewater and other critical infrastructure needs of the colonias in the United States along the United States-Mexico border shall be made available to a county or municipal government unless that government has es-tablished an enforceable local ordinance, or other zoning rule, which prevents in that ju-risdiction the development or construction of any additional colonia areas, or the devel-opment within an existing colonia the con-struction of any new home, business, or other structure which lacks water, waste-water, or other necessary infrastructure; (3) $25,000,000 shall be for grants to the State of Alaska to address drinking water and wastewater infrastructure needs of rural and Alaska Native Villages: Provided, That of these funds: (A) the State of Alaska shall provide a match of 25 percent; (B) no more than 5 percent of the funds may be used for administrative and overhead expenses; and (C) the State of Alaska shall make awards consistent with the Statewide priority list established in conjunction with the Agency and the U.S. Department of Agriculture for all water, sewer, waste disposal, and similar projects carried out by the State of Alaska that are funded under section 221 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301) or the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act (7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq.) which shall allocate not less than 25 percent of the funds provided for projects in regional hub communities; (4) $80,000,000 shall be to carry out section 104(k) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including grants, inter-agency agreements, and associated program support costs: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of the amount appropriated to carry out section 104(k) of CERCLA shall be used for site characterization, assessment, and remediation of facilities described in section 101(39)(D)(ii)(II) of CERCLA: Provided further, That at least 10 percent shall be allo-cated for assistance in persistent poverty counties: Provided further, That for purposes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5143 July 23, 2018 
of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the most recent Small Area Income and Pov-erty Estimates; (5) $50,000,000 shall be for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; (6) $50,000,000 shall be for targeted airshed grants in accordance with the terms and con-ditions in the report accompanying this Act; (7) $4,000,000 shall be to carry out the water quality program authorized in section 5004(d) of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322); and (8) $1,093,041,000 shall be for grants, includ-ing associated program support costs, to States, federally recognized tribes, inter-state agencies, tribal consortia, and air pol-lution control agencies for multi-media or single media pollution prevention, control and abatement and related activities, includ-ing activities pursuant to the provisions set forth under this heading in Public Law 104– 134, and for making grants under section 103 of the Clean Air Act for particulate matter monitoring and data collection activities subject to terms and conditions specified by the Administrator, of which: $47,745,000 shall be for carrying out section 128 of CERCLA; $9,646,000 shall be for Environmental Infor-mation Exchange Network grants, including associated program support costs; $1,498,000 shall be for grants to States under section 2007(f)(2) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, which shall be in addition to funds appro-priated under the heading ‘‘Leaking Under-ground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program’’ to carry out the provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code other than section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act; $17,848,000 of the funds available for grants under section 106 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act shall be for State participation in national- and State- level statistical surveys of water resources and enhancements to State monitoring pro-grams; $27,000,000 shall be for multipurpose grants, including interagency agreements. W
ATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND  I
NNOVATION PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans and for the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized by the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innova-tion Act of 2014, $5,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, including capitalized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $610,000,000. In addition, fees authorized to be collected pursuant to sections 5029 and 5030 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innova-tion Act of 2014 shall be deposited in this ac-count, to remain available until expended. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, notwithstanding section 5033 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Inno-vation Act of 2014, $5,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS — E
NVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS AND RESCISSION OF  
FUNDS)  For fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 6303(1) and 6305(1), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in carrying out the Agency’s function to imple-ment directly Federal environmental pro-grams required or authorized by law in the absence of an acceptable tribal program, may award cooperative agreements to feder-ally recognized Indian tribes or Intertribal consortia, if authorized by their member tribes, to assist the Administrator in imple-menting Federal environmental programs for Indian tribes required or authorized by law, except that no such cooperative agree-ments may be awarded from funds des-ignated for State financial assistance agree-ments. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate pesticide registration service fees in accordance with section 33 of the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, as amended by Public Law 112–177, the Pesticide Registration Improvement Exten-sion Act of 2012. Notwithstanding section 33(d)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) (7 U.S.C. 136w– 8(d)(2)), the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency may assess fees under section 33 of FIFRA (7 U.S.C. 136w–8) for fiscal year 2019. The Administrator is authorized to trans-fer up to $300,000,000 of the funds appro-priated for the Great Lakes Restoration Ini-tiative under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Management’’ to the head of any Federal department or agency, with the concurrence of such head, to carry out ac-tivities that would support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement programs, projects, or activities; to enter into an inter-agency agreement with the head of such Fed-eral department or agency to carry out these activities; and to make grants to govern-mental entities, nonprofit organizations, in-stitutions, and individuals for planning, re-search, monitoring, outreach, and implemen-tation in furtherance of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. The Science and Technology, Environ-mental Programs and Management, Office of Inspector General, Hazardous Substance Superfund, and Leaking Underground Stor-age Tank Trust Fund Program Accounts, are available for the construction, alteration, re-pair, rehabilitation, and renovation of facili-ties, provided that the cost does not exceed $150,000 per project. For fiscal year 2019, and notwithstanding section 518(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1377(f)), the Adminis-trator is authorized to use the amounts ap-propriated for any fiscal year under section 319 of the Act to make grants to Indian tribes pursuant to sections 319(h) and 518(e) of that Act. The Administrator is authorized to use the amounts appropriated under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Manage-ment’’ for fiscal year 2019 to provide grants to implement the Southeastern New England Watershed Restoration Program. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate fees in accordance with section 3024 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6939g) for fiscal year 2019. Of the unobligated balances available for the ‘‘State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’ ac-count, $109,078,000 are hereby permanently rescinded: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to the Concurrent Reso-lution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or from amounts that were made available by subsection (a) of section 196 of the Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2017 (division C of Public Law 114–223), as amended by the Further Continuing and Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 114– 254). TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  
NATURAL RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment, $875,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to any agency in the Natural Resources and Environment mis-sion area for salaries and expenses are avail-able to fund up to one administrative sup-port staff for the office. F
OREST SERVICE  
FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For necessary expenses of forest and range-land research as authorized by law, $300,000,000, to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided, That of the funds provided, $77,000,000 is for the forest inven-tory and analysis program: Provided further, That all authorities for the use of funds, in-cluding the use of contracts, grants, and co-operative agreements, available to execute the Forest and Rangeland Research appro-priation, are also available in the utilization of these funds for Fire Science Research. 
STATE AND PRIVATE FORESTRY  For necessary expenses of cooperating with and providing technical and financial assist-ance to States, territories, possessions, and others, and for forest health management, and conducting an international program as authorized, $333,990,000, to remain available through September 30, 2022, as authorized by law; of which $65,490,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund to be used for the Forest Legacy Program, to re-main available until expended. 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM  For necessary expenses of the Forest Serv-ice, not otherwise provided for, for manage-ment, protection, improvement, and utiliza-tion of the National Forest System, and for hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands, $1,937,653,000, to remain avail-able through September 30, 2022: Provided, That of the funds provided, $40,000,000 shall be deposited in the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund for ecological restoration treatments as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 7303(f): Provided further, That of the funds provided, $368,000,000 shall be for forest products: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $435,000,000 shall be for hazardous fuels management activities, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Pri-vate Forestry’’ appropriation, for the pur-pose of creating incentives for increased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided further, That $15,000,000 may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into procurement contracts or coopera-tive agreements or to issue grants for haz-ardous fuels management activities, and for training or monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management activities on Federal land, or on non-Federal land if the Secretary determines such activities benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That funds made available to implement the Community Forestry Restoration Act, Pub-lic Law 106–393, title VI, shall be available for use on non-Federal lands in accordance with authorities made available to the For-est Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriations: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 33 of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5144 July 23, 2018 
Bankhead Jones Farm Tenant Act (7 U.S.C. 1012), the Secretary of Agriculture, in calcu-lating a fee for grazing on a National Grass-land, may provide a credit of up to 50 percent of the calculated fee to a Grazing Associa-tion or direct permittee for a conservation practice approved by the Secretary in ad-vance of the fiscal year in which the cost of the conservation practice is incurred. And, that the amount credited shall remain avail-able to the Grazing Association or the direct permittee, as appropriate, in the fiscal year in which the credit is made and each fiscal year thereafter for use on the project for conservation practices approved by the Sec-retary. 
CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT AND MAINTENANCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Forest Serv-ice, not otherwise provided for, $449,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2022, for construction, capital improvement, maintenance and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; and for construction, reconstruction, decommis-sioning of roads that are no longer needed, including unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system, and main-tenance of forest roads and trails by the For-est Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided, That funds becoming available in fiscal year 2019 under the Act of March 4, 1913 (16 U.S.C. 501) shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose unless the funds are appropriated. 
LAND ACQUISITION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative ex-penses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statu-tory authority applicable to the Forest Serv-ice, $74,099,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available for Land Acquisition and de-rived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund, $16,028,000 is hereby permanently re-scinded from projects with cost savings or failed or partially failed projects that had funds returned: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
ACQUISITION OF LANDS FOR NATIONAL FORESTS  
SPECIAL ACTS  For acquisition of lands within the exte-rior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland Na-tional Forests, California; and the Ozark-St. Francis and Ouachita National Forests, Ar-kansas; as authorized by law, $700,000, to be derived from forest receipts. 
ACQUISITION OF LANDS TO COMPLETE LAND  
EXCHANGES  For acquisition of lands, such sums, to be derived from funds deposited by State, coun-ty, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for authorized expenditures from funds deposited by non-Federal parties pursuant to Land Sale and Exchange Acts, pursuant to the Act of December 4, 1967 (16 U.S.C. 484a), to remain available through September 30, 2021, (16 U.S.C. 516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96– 586; Public Law 76–589, 76–591; and Public Law 78–310). RANGE BETTERMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of range rehabilita-tion, protection, and improvement, 50 per-cent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year, as fees for grazing domestic live-stock on lands in National Forests in the 16 Western States, pursuant to section 401(b)(1) of Public Law 94–579, to remain available through September 30, 2022, of which not to exceed 6 percent shall be available for ad-ministrative expenses associated with on- the-ground range rehabilitation, protection, and improvements. 
GIFTS , DONATIONS AND BEQUESTS FOR FOREST  
AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For expenses authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1643(b), $45,000, to remain available through September 30, 2022, to be derived from the fund established pursuant to the above Act. 
MANAGEMENT OF NATIONAL FOREST LANDS FOR  
SUBSISTENCE USES  For necessary expenses of the Forest Serv-ice to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsistence uses under title VIII of the Alas-ka National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3111 et seq.), $2,500,000, to remain available through September 30, 2022. 
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for forest fire presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency wildland fire suppression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, and for emergency rehabilitation of burned- over National Forest System lands and water, $3,229,620,000, to remain available through September 30, 2022: Provided, That such funds including unobligated balances under this heading, are available for repay-ment of advances from other appropriations accounts previously transferred for such pur-poses: Provided further, That any unobligated funds appropriated in a previous fiscal year for hazardous fuels management may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ account: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to reimburse State and other cooperating entities for services pro-vided in response to wildfire and other emer-gencies or disasters to the extent such reim-bursements by the Forest Service for non- fire emergencies are fully repaid by the re-sponsible emergency management agency: Provided further, That funds provided shall be available for support to Federal emergency response: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement be-tween the Federal Government and any non- Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That funds designated for wildfire suppression, shall be assessed for cost pools on the same basis as such assessments are calculated against other agency programs. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FOREST SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Appropriations to the Forest Service for the current fiscal year shall be available for: (1) purchase of passenger motor vehicles; ac-quisition of passenger motor vehicles from excess sources, and hire of such vehicles; purchase, lease, operation, maintenance, and acquisition of aircraft to maintain the oper-able fleet for use in Forest Service wildland fire programs and other Forest Service pro-grams; notwithstanding other provisions of law, existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the re-placement aircraft; (2) services pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2225, and not to exceed $100,000 for em-ployment under 5 U.S.C. 3109; (3) purchase, erection, and alteration of buildings and other public improvements (7 U.S.C. 2250); (4) acquisition of land, waters, and interests therein pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 428a; (5) for ex-penses pursuant to the Volunteers in the Na-tional Forest Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 558a, 558d, and 558a note); (6) the cost of uniforms as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and (7) for debt collection contracts in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3718(c). Any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for forest firefighting, emergency rehabilitation of burned-over or damaged lands or waters under its jurisdiction, and fire preparedness due to severe burning conditions upon the Secretary’s notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all fire suppression funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ will be obligated within 30 days: Provided, That all funds used pursuant to this para-graph must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation which must be requested as promptly as possible. Not more than $50,000,000 of funds appro-priated to the Forest Service shall be avail-able for expenditure or transfer to the De-partment of the Interior for wildland fire management, hazardous fuels management, and State fire assistance when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Forest Service may transfer un-obligated balances of discretionary funds ap-propriated to the Forest Service by this Act to or within the National Forest System Ac-count, or reprogram funds to be used for the purposes of hazardous fuels management and urgent rehabilitation of burned-over Na-tional Forest System lands and water, such transferred funds shall remain available through September 30, 2022: Provided, That none of the funds transferred pursuant to this section shall be available for obligation without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That this section does not apply to funds appropriated to the FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund or funds derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Devel-opment in connection with forest and range-land research, technical information, and as-sistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support forestry and related nat-ural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, in-cluding technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with U.S., private, and international organizations. The Forest Service, acting for the International Pro-gram, may sign direct funding agreements with foreign governments and institutions as well as other domestic agencies (including the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment, the Department of State, and the Mil-lennium Challenge Corporation), U.S. pri-vate sector firms, institutions and organiza-tions to provide technical assistance and training programs overseas on forestry and rangeland management. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, for removal, preparation, and adoption of excess wild horses and bur-ros from National Forest System lands, and for the performance of cadastral surveys to designate the boundaries of such lands. None of the funds made available to the Forest Service in this Act or any other Act with respect to any fiscal year shall be sub-ject to transfer under the provisions of sec-tion 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5145 July 23, 2018 
Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257), section 442 of Public Law 106–224 (7 U.S.C. 7772), or sec-tion 10417(b) of Public Law 107–171 (7 U.S.C. 8316(b)). None of the funds available to the Forest Service may be reprogrammed without the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the reprogramming procedures con-tained in the report accompanying this Act. Not more than $82,000,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture and not more than $14,500,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Department of Agri-culture for Department Reimbursable Pro-grams, commonly referred to as Greenbook charges. Nothing in this paragraph shall pro-hibit or limit the use of reimbursable agree-ments requested by the Forest Service in order to obtain services from the Depart-ment of Agriculture’s National Information Technology Center and the Department of Agriculture’s International Technology Service. Of the funds available to the Forest Serv-ice, up to $5,000,000 shall be available for pri-ority projects within the scope of the ap-proved budget, which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps and shall be carried out under the authority of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.). Of the funds available to the Forest Serv-ice, $4,000 is available to the Chief of the For-est Service for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. Pursuant to sections 405(b) and 410(b) of Public Law 101–593, of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $3,000,000 may be advanced in a lump sum to the National For-est Foundation to aid conservation partner-ship projects in support of the Forest Service mission, without regard to when the Founda-tion incurs expenses, for projects on or bene-fitting National Forest System lands or re-lated to Forest Service programs: Provided, That of the Federal funds made available to the Foundation, no more than $300,000 shall be available for administrative expenses: Provided further, That the Foundation shall obtain, by the end of the period of Federal fi-nancial assistance, private contributions to match funds made available by the Forest Service on at least a one-for-one basis: Pro- vided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or a non- Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non- Federal matching funds. Pursuant to section 2(b)(2) of Public Law 98–244, up to $3,000,000 of the funds available to the Forest Service may be advanced to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation in a lump sum to aid cost-share conservation projects, without regard to when expenses are incurred, on or benefitting National For-est System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided, That such funds shall be matched on at least a one-for-one basis by the Foundation or its sub-recipients: Pro- vided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or non- Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non- Federal matching funds. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for interactions with and providing technical assistance to rural com-munities and natural resource-based busi-nesses for sustainable rural development purposes. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for payments to counties within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, pursuant to section 14(c)(1) and (2), and section 16(a)(2) of Public Law 99–663. Any funds appropriated to the Forest Serv-ice may be used to meet the non-Federal share requirement in section 502(c) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056(c)(2)). The Forest Service shall not assess funds for the purpose of performing fire, adminis-trative, and other facilities maintenance and decommissioning. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service, not to exceed $500,000 may be used to reimburse the Office of the General Counsel (OGC), Department of Agri-culture, for travel and related expenses in-curred as a result of OGC assistance or par-ticipation requested by the Forest Service at meetings, training sessions, management re-views, land purchase negotiations and simi-lar matters unrelated to civil litigation. Fu-ture budget justifications for both the Forest Service and the Department of Agriculture should clearly display the sums previously transferred and the sums requested for trans-fer. An eligible individual who is employed in any project funded under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq.) and administered by the Forest Service shall be considered to be a Federal employee for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, through the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, the Forest Service shall report no later than 30 business days fol-lowing the close of each fiscal quarter all current and prior year unobligated balances, by fiscal year, budget line item and account, to the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES I
NDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES  For expenses necessary to carry out the Act of August 5, 1954 (68 Stat. 674), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act, the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act, and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to the In-dian Health Service, $4,072,385,000, together with payments received during the fiscal year pursuant to sections 231(b) and 233 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 238(b), 238b), for services furnished by the In-dian Health Service: Provided, That funds made available to tribes and tribal organiza-tions through contracts, grant agreements, or any other agreements or compacts au-thorized by the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), shall be deemed to be obligated at the time of the grant or contract award and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be available for grants or con-tracts with public or private institutions to provide alcohol or drug treatment services to Indians, including alcohol detoxification services: Provided further, That $964,819,000 for Purchased/Referred Care, including $53,000,000 for the Indian Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund, shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the funds provided, up to $36,000,000 shall remain available until expended for implementation of the loan repayment program under section 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act: Provided further, That of the funds pro-vided, $15,000,000 shall remain available until expended to supplement funds available for operational costs at tribal clinics operated under an Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act compact or contract where health care is delivered in space ac-quired through a full service lease, which is not eligible for maintenance and improve-ment and equipment funds from the Indian Health Service, and $58,000,000 shall be for costs related to or resulting from accredita-tion emergencies, of which up to $4,000,000 may be used to supplement amounts other-wise available for Purchased/Referred Care: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Federal Government as authorized by sections 104 and 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a) during the preceding fiscal year for breach of contracts shall be deposited to the Fund au-thorized by section 108A of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a–1) and shall remain available until expended and, notwithstanding section 108A(c) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a–1(c)), funds shall be available to make new awards under the loan repayment and scholarship programs under sections 104 and 108 of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a): Provided fur-ther, That the amounts made available with-in this account for the Substance Abuse and Suicide Prevention Program, for opioid Pre-vention, Treatment and Recovery Services, for the Domestic Violence Prevention Pro-gram, for the Zero Suicide Initiative, for the housing subsidy authority for civilian em-ployees, for aftercare pilot programs at Youth Regional Treatment Centers, to im-prove collections from public and private in-surance at Indian Health Service and trib-ally operated facilities, and for accreditation emergencies shall be allocated at the discre-tion of the Director of the Indian Health Service and shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act may be used for annual contracts and grants for which the performance period falls within 2 fiscal years, provided the total obligation is recorded in the year the funds are appropriated: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under the au-thority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act, except for those re-lated to the planning, design, or construc-tion of new facilities: Provided further, That funding contained herein for scholarship pro-grams under the Indian Health Care Im-provement Act shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That amounts re-ceived by tribes and tribal organizations under title IV of the Indian Health Care Im-provement Act shall be reported and ac-counted for and available to the receiving tribes and tribal organizations until ex-pended: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may collect from the Indian Health Service, and from tribes and tribal organizations operating health facilities pur-suant to Public Law 93–638, such individually identifiable health information relating to disabled children as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.): Provided further, That the accreditation emergency funds may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Fa-cilities account. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organi-zations for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act agreements with the Indian Health Service for fiscal year 2019, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to an-other budget account. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5146 July 23, 2018 
INDIAN HEALTH FACILITIES  For construction, repair, maintenance, im-provement, and equipment of health and re-lated auxiliary facilities, including quarters for personnel; preparation of plans, specifica-tions, and drawings; acquisition of sites, pur-chase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of do-mestic and community sanitation facilities for Indians, as authorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2004a), the In-dian Self-Determination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for ex-penses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environmental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $877,504,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, con-struction, renovation or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian tribe or tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be used by the Indian Health Service to pur-chase TRANSAM equipment from the De-partment of Defense for distribution to the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities: Provided further, That none of the funds ap-propriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities construction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,700,000 from this account and the ‘‘Indian Health Services’’ account may be used by the Indian Health Service to obtain ambulances for the Indian Health Service and tribal fa-cilities in conjunction with an existing interagency agreement between the Indian Health Service and the General Services Ad-ministration: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be placed in a Demoli-tion Fund, to remain available until ex-pended, and be used by the Indian Health Service for the demolition of Federal build-ings. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INDIAN HEALTH  
SERVICE  Appropriations provided in this Act to the Indian Health Service shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equiva-lent to the maximum rate payable for senior- level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; pur-chase of medical equipment; purchase of re-prints; purchase, renovation and erection of modular buildings and renovation of existing facilities; payments for telephone service in private residences in the field, when author-ized under regulations approved by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services; uni-forms or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and for expenses of at-tendance at meetings that relate to the func-tions or activities of the Indian Health Serv-ice: Provided, That in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Health Care Im-provement Act, non-Indian patients may be extended health care at all tribally adminis-tered or Indian Health Service facilities, sub-ject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651–2653) shall be credited to the account of the facility pro-viding the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding any other law or regulation, funds transferred from the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development to the Indian Health Service shall be admin-istered under Public Law 86–121, the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and Public Law 93– 638: Provided further, That funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, ex-cept those used for administrative and pro-gram direction purposes, shall not be subject to limitations directed at curtailing Federal travel and transportation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any assessments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions through the reprogramming process: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made available to a tribe or tribal or-ganization through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5321 et seq. (title I), 5381 et seq. (title V)), may be deobligated and reobligated to a self-deter-mination contract under title I, or a self- governance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fis-cal year limitation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the In-dian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Federal Register on September 16, 1987, by the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, relating to the eligibility for the health care services of the Indian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has sub-mitted a budget request reflecting the in-creased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been in-cluded in an appropriations Act and enacted into law: Provided further, That with respect to functions transferred by the Indian Health Service to tribes or tribal organizations, the Indian Health Service is authorized to pro-vide goods and services to those entities on a reimbursable basis, including payments in advance with subsequent adjustment, and the reimbursements received therefrom, along with the funds received from those en-tities pursuant to the Indian Self-Determina-tion Act, may be credited to the same or sub-sequent appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived, with such amounts to remain available until expended: Provided further, That reimbursements for training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will contain total costs, including direct, admin-istrative, and overhead costs associated with the provision of goods, services, or technical assistance: Provided further, That the Indian Health Service may provide to civilian med-ical personnel serving in hospitals operated by the Indian Health Service housing allow-ances equivalent to those that would be pro-vided to members of the Commissioned Corps of the United States Public Health Service serving in similar positions at such hos-pitals: Provided further, That the appropria-tion structure for the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance notifica-tion to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ENVIRONMENTAL  
HEALTH SCIENCES  For necessary expenses for the National In-stitute of Environmental Health Sciences in carrying out activities set forth in section 311(a) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9660(a)) and section 126(g) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthor-ization Act of 1986, $78,349,000. AGENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE  R
EGISTRY  
TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
PUBLIC HEALTH  For necessary expenses for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) in carrying out activities set forth in sections 104(i) and 111(c)(4) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and section 3019 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $74,691,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, in lieu of performing a health assess-ment under section 104(i)(6) of CERCLA, the Administrator of ATSDR may conduct other appropriate health studies, evaluations, or activities, including, without limitation, biomedical testing, clinical evaluations, medical monitoring, and referral to accred-ited healthcare providers: Provided further, That in performing any such health assess-ment or health study, evaluation, or activ-ity, the Administrator of ATSDR shall not be bound by the deadlines in section 104(i)(6)(A) of CERCLA: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for ATSDR to issue in excess of 40 toxicological profiles pursuant to section 104(i) of CERCLA during fiscal year 2019, and existing profiles may be updated as necessary. OTHER RELATED AGENCIES E
XECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY AND  
OFFICE OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY  For necessary expenses to continue func-tions assigned to the Council on Environ-mental Quality and Office of Environmental Quality pursuant to the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969, the Environ-mental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $3,005,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 202 of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the Council shall consist of one member, ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, serving as chairman and exercising all powers, func-tions, and duties of the Council. C
HEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION  B
OARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in carrying out ac-tivities pursuant to section 112(r)(6) of the Clean Air Act, including hire of passenger vehicles, uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, and for serv-ices authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376, $11,000,000: Provided, That the Chemical Safe-ty and Hazard Investigation Board (Board) shall have not more than three career Senior Executive Service positions: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the individual appointed to the position of Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) shall, by virtue of such appointment, also hold the position of Inspector General of the Board: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Inspector General of the Board shall utilize personnel of the Office of Inspector General of EPA in performing the duties of the Inspector General of the Board, and shall not appoint any individuals to po-sitions within the Board. O
FFICE OF NAVAJO AND HOPIINDIAN  R
ELOCATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as au-thorized by Public Law 93–531, $7,400,000, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5147 July 23, 2018 
remain available until expended: Provided, That funds provided in this or any other ap-propriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopi-partitioned lands residents, those in significantly sub-standard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the preceding categories: Provided further, That none of the funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi In-dian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands parti-tioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or re-placement home is provided for such house-hold: Provided further, That no relocatee will be provided with more than one new or re-placement home: Provided further, That the Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Navajo reservation or selected a replacement residence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to section 11 of Public Law 93–531 (88 Stat. 1716). I
NSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA  N
ATIVE CULTURE AND ARTSDEVELOPMENT  
PAYMENT TO THE INSTITUTE  For payment to the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development, as authorized by part A of title XV of Public Law 99–498 (20 U.S.C. 4411 et seq.), $9,960,000, which shall become avail-able on July 1, 2019, and shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2020. S
MITHSONIAN INSTITUTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Smithsonian Institution, as authorized by law, including research in the fields of art, science, and his-tory; development, preservation, and docu-mentation of the National Collections; pres-entation of public exhibits and perform-ances; collection, preparation, dissemina-tion, and exchange of information and publi-cations; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agreements of no more than 30 years, and protection of build-ings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and purchase, rental, repair, and clean-ing of uniforms for employees, $739,894,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $6,917,000 for the instrumenta-tion program, collections acquisition, exhi-bition reinstallation, and the repatriation of skeletal remains program shall remain avail-able until expended; and including such funds as may be necessary to support Amer-ican overseas research centers: Provided, That funds appropriated herein are available for advance payments to independent con-tractors performing research services or par-ticipating in official Smithsonian presen-tations. 
FACILITIES CAPITAL  For necessary expenses of repair, revital-ization, and alteration of facilities owned or occupied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by sec-tion 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including nec-essary personnel, $303,503,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to ex-ceed $10,000 shall be for services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. N
ATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the upkeep and operations of the Na-tional Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and admin-istrative expenses incident thereto, as au-thorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, Seventy- sixth Congress), including services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gal-lery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publica-tions or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the general public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uni-forms, or allowances therefor, for other em-ployees as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901– 5902); purchase or rental of devices and serv-ices for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and maintenance, alteration, im-provement, and repair of buildings, ap-proaches, and grounds; and purchase of serv-ices for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by con-tracts made, without advertising, with indi-viduals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and condi-tions as the Gallery may deem proper, $144,202,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, of which not to exceed $3,620,000 for the special exhibition program shall remain available until expended. REPAIR , RESTORATION AND RENOVATION OF  
BUILDINGS  For necessary expenses of repair, restora-tion and renovation of buildings, grounds and facilities owned or occupied by the Na-tional Gallery of Art, by contract or other-wise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, with no extensions or re-newals beyond the 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renova-tions in the Master Facilities Plan, as au-thorized, $23,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That contracts awarded for environmental systems, protec-tion systems, and exterior repair or renova-tion of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contrac-tors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. J
OHNF. K ENNEDY CENTER FOR THE  P
ERFORMING ARTS 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  For necessary expenses for the operation, maintenance and security of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $24,490,000. 
CAPITAL REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For necessary expenses for capital repair and restoration of the existing features of the building and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $16,800,000, to remain available until expended. W
OODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR  S
CHOLARS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary in carrying out the provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of passenger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $12,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020. N
ATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  H
UMANITIES  N
ATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS 
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities Act of 1965, $155,000,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and produc-tions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through as-sistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until ex-pended. NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE HUMANITIES  
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities Act of 1965, $155,000,000 to remain available until expended, of which $143,700,000 shall be available for support of activities in the humanities, pursuant to sec-tion 7(c) of the Act and for administering the functions of the Act; and $11,300,000 shall be available to carry out the matching grants program pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Act, including $9,100,000 for the purposes of section 7(h): Provided, That appropriations for carrying out section 10(a)(2) shall be available for obligation only in such amounts as may be equal to the total amounts of gifts, bequests, devises of money, and other property accepted by the chairman or by grantees of the National Endowment for the Humanities under the provisions of sections 11(a)(2)(B) and 11(a)(3)(B) during the current and preceding fiscal years for which equal amounts have not previously been ap-propriated. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  None of the funds appropriated to the Na-tional Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities may be used to process any grant or contract documents which do not include the text of 18 U.S.C. 1913: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used for official reception and rep-resentation expenses: Provided further, That funds from nonappropriated sources may be used as necessary for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That the Chairperson of the National Endow-ment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further, That such small grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. C
OMMISSION OF FINEARTS 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses of the Commission of Fine Arts under chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $2,771,000: Provided, That the Commission is authorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to remain available until expended without further appropria-tion: Provided further, That the Commission is authorized to accept gifts, including ob-jects, papers, artwork, drawings and arti-facts, that pertain to the history and design of the Nation’s Capital or the history and ac-tivities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of artistic display, study , or edu- cation: Provided further, That one-tenth of one percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representation expenses. 
NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL  
AFFAIRS  For necessary expenses as authorized by Public Law 99–190 (20 U.S.C. 956a), $2,750,000. A
DVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC  P
RESERVATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (Public Law 89–665), $6,440,000. N
ATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Capital Planning Commission under chapter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5148 July 23, 2018 
87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $7,948,000: Provided, That one-quarter of 1 percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational expenses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. U
NITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL  M
USEUM  
HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM  For expenses of the Holocaust Memorial Museum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 (36 U.S.C. 2301–2310), $59,500,000, of which $1,715,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021, for the Museum’s equipment replacement program; and of which $4,000,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,500,000 for the Museum’s out-reach initiatives program shall remain avail-able until expended. D
WIGHT D . EISENHOWER MEMORIAL  C
OMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission, $1,800,000, to remain available until expended. 
WOMEN ’S SUFFRAGE CENTENNIAL COMMISSION  For necessary expenses for the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission, as author-ized by the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission Act (section 431(a)(3) of division G of Public Law 115–31), $1,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
WORLD WAR I CENTENNIAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  Notwithstanding section 9 of the World War I Centennial Commission Act, as au-thorized by the World War I Centennial Com-mission Act (Public Law 112–272) and the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), for nec-essary expenses of the World War I Centen-nial Commission, $7,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That in addi-tion to the authority provided by section 6(g) of such Act, the World War I Commission may accept money, in-kind personnel serv-ices, contractual support, or any appropriate support from any executive branch agency for activities of the Commission. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
RESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 401. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be available for any activity or the publication or distribution of literature that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legisla-tive proposal on which Congressional action is not complete other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. 
OBLIGATION OF APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 402. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. 
DISCLOSURE OF ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  S
EC. 403. The amount and basis of esti-mated overhead charges, deductions, re-serves or holdbacks, including working cap-ital fund and cost pool charges, from pro-grams, projects, activities and subactivities to support government-wide, departmental, agency, or bureau administrative functions or headquarters, regional, or central oper-ations shall be presented in annual budget justifications and subject to approval by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. Changes to such estimates shall be presented to the Committees on Appropriations for approval. MINING APPLICATIONS  S
EC. 404. (a) L IMITATION OF FUNDS .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obli-gated or expended to accept or process appli-cations for a patent for any mining or mill site claim located under the general mining laws. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Interior deter-mines that, for the claim concerned (1) a pat-ent application was filed with the Secretary on or before September 30, 1994; and (2) all re-quirements established under sections 2325 and 2326 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 29 and 30) for vein or lode claims, sections 2329, 2330, 2331, and 2333 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 35, 36, and 37) for placer claims, and section 2337 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 42) for mill site claims, as the case may be, were fully complied with by the ap-plicant by that date. (c) R
EPORT .—On September 30, 2020, the Secretary of the Interior shall file with the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on actions taken by the Department under the plan submitted pursuant to sec-tion 314(c) of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104–208). (d) M
INERAL EXAMINATIONS .—In order to process patent applications in a timely and responsible manner, upon the request of a patent applicant, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall allow the applicant to fund a quali-fied third-party contractor to be selected by the Director of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment to conduct a mineral examination of the mining claims or mill sites contained in a patent application as set forth in sub-section (b). The Bureau of Land Management shall have the sole responsibility to choose and pay the third-party contractor in ac-cordance with the standard procedures em-ployed by the Bureau of Land Management in the retention of third-party contractors. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS , PRIOR YEAR  
LIMITATION  S
EC. 405. Sections 405 and 406 of division F of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect in fiscal year 2019. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS , FISCAL YEAR 2019  
LIMITATION  S
EC. 406. Amounts provided by this Act for fiscal year 2019 under the headings ‘‘Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, Contract Support Costs’’ and ‘‘Department of the Interior, Bureau of In-dian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, Contract Support Costs’’ are the only amounts available for contract support costs arising out of self-determination or self-gov-ernance contracts, grants, compacts, or an-nual funding agreements for fiscal year 2019 with the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the In-dian Health Service: Provided, That such amounts provided by this Act are not avail-able for payment of claims for contract sup-port costs for prior years, or for repayments of payments for settlements or judgments awarding contract support costs for prior years. 
FOREST MANAGEMENT PLANS  S
EC. 407. The Secretary of Agriculture shall not be considered to be in violation of subparagraph 6(f)(5)(A) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(f)(5)(A)) solely be-cause more than 15 years have passed with-out revision of the plan for a unit of the Na-tional Forest System. Nothing in this sec-tion exempts the Secretary from any other requirement of the Forest and Rangeland Re-newable Resources Planning Act (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) or any other law: Provided, That if the Secretary is not acting expeditiously and in good faith, within the funding avail-able, to revise a plan for a unit of the Na-tional Forest System, this section shall be void with respect to such plan and a court of proper jurisdiction may order completion of the plan on an accelerated basis. PROHIBITION WITHIN NATIONAL MONUMENTS  S
EC. 408. No funds provided in this Act may be expended to conduct preleasing, leasing and related activities under either the Min-eral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) within the boundaries of a Na-tional Monument established pursuant to the Act of June 8, 1906 (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.) as such boundary existed on January 20, 2001, except where such activities are allowed under the Presidential proclamation estab-lishing such monument. 
LIMITATION ON TAKINGS  S
EC. 409. Unless otherwise provided herein, no funds appropriated in this Act for the ac-quisition of lands or interests in lands may be expended for the filing of declarations of taking or complaints in condemnation with-out the approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That this provision shall not apply to funds appropriated to implement the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989, or to funds appropriated for Federal assistance to the State of Florida to acquire lands for Everglades restoration purposes. 
TIMBER SALE REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 410. No timber sale in Alaska’s Region 10 shall be advertised if the indicated rate is deficit (defined as the value of the timber is not sufficient to cover all logging and stump-age costs and provide a normal profit and risk allowance under the Forest Service’s ap-praisal process) when appraised using a re-sidual value appraisal. The western red cedar timber from those sales which is surplus to the needs of the domestic processors in Alas-ka, shall be made available to domestic proc-essors in the contiguous 48 United States at prevailing domestic prices. All additional western red cedar volume not sold to Alaska or contiguous 48 United States domestic processors may be exported to foreign mar-kets at the election of the timber sale hold-er. All Alaska yellow cedar may be sold at prevailing export prices at the election of the timber sale holder. 
PROHIBITION ON NO -BID CONTRACTS  S
EC. 411. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to ex-ecutive branch agencies may be used to enter into any Federal contract unless such con-tract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of Chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, or Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless— (1) Federal law specifically authorizes a contract to be entered into without regard for these requirements, including formula grants for States, or federally recognized In-dian tribes; or (2) such contract is authorized by the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (Public Law 93–638, 25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) or by any other Federal laws that specifically authorize a contract within an Indian tribe as defined in section 4(e) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)); or (3) such contract was awarded prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5149 July 23, 2018 
POSTING OF REPORTS  S
EC. 412. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary infor-mation. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. 
NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS GRANT  
GUIDELINES  S
EC. 413. Of the funds provided to the Na-tional Endowment for the Arts— (1) The Chairperson shall only award a grant to an individual if such grant is award-ed to such individual for a literature fellow-ship, National Heritage Fellowship, or Amer-ican Jazz Masters Fellowship. (2) The Chairperson shall establish proce-dures to ensure that no funding provided through a grant, except a grant made to a State or local arts agency, or regional group, may be used to make a grant to any other organization or individual to conduct activ-ity independent of the direct grant recipient. Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit payments made in exchange for goods and services. (3) No grant shall be used for seasonal sup-port to a group, unless the application is spe-cific to the contents of the season, including identified programs or projects. 
NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS PROGRAM  
PRIORITIES  S
EC. 414. (a) In providing services or award-ing financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 from funds appropriated under this Act, the Chairperson of the National En-dowment for the Arts shall ensure that pri-ority is given to providing services or award-ing financial assistance for projects, produc-tions, workshops, or programs that serve un-derserved populations. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘underserved population’’ means a population of individuals, including urban minorities, who have historically been outside the purview of arts and humanities programs due to factors such as a high inci-dence of income below the poverty line or to geographic isolation. (2) The term ‘‘poverty line’’ means the pov-erty line (as defined by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, and revised annually in ac-cordance with section 673(2) of the Commu-nity Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2))) applicable to a family of the size in-volved. (c) In providing services and awarding fi-nancial assistance under the National Foun-dation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965 with funds appropriated by this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, work-shops, or programs that will encourage pub-lic knowledge, education, understanding, and appreciation of the arts. (d) With funds appropriated by this Act to carry out section 5 of the National Founda-tion on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965— (1) the Chairperson shall establish a grant category for projects, productions, work-shops, or programs that are of national im-pact or availability or are able to tour sev-eral States; (2) the Chairperson shall not make grants exceeding 15 percent, in the aggregate, of such funds to any single State, excluding grants made under the authority of para-graph (1); (3) the Chairperson shall report to the Con-gress annually and by State, on grants awarded by the Chairperson in each grant category under section 5 of such Act; and (4) the Chairperson shall encourage the use of grants to improve and support commu-nity-based music performance and edu-cation. STATUS OF BALANCES OF APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 415. The Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Indian Health Serv-ice shall provide the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of appropriations including all un-committed, committed, and unobligated funds in each program and activity. 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 416. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act may be used to promulgate or implement any regulation re-quiring the issuance of permits under title V of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7661 et seq.) for carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, water vapor, or methane emissions resulting from biological processes associated with live-stock production. 
GREENHOUSE GAS REPORTING RESTRICTIONS  S
EC. 417. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to im-plement any provision in a rule, if that pro-vision requires mandatory reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from manure man-agement systems. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  S
EC. 418. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to reg-ulate the lead content of ammunition, am-munition components, or fishing tackle under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) or any other law. 
CONTRACTING AUTHORITIES  S
EC. 419. Section 412 of Division E of Public Law 112–74 is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’. 
EXTENSION OF GRAZING PERMITS  S
EC. 420. The terms and conditions of sec-tion 325 of Public Law 108–108 (117 Stat. 1307), regarding grazing permits issued by the For-est Service on any lands not subject to ad-ministration under section 402 of the Federal Lands Policy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1752), shall remain in effect for fiscal year 2019. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  S
EC. 421. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to por-nography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
FOREST SERVICE FACILITY REALIGNMENT AND  
ENHANCEMENT ACT  S
EC. 422. Section 503(f) of the Forest Serv-ice Facility Realignment and Enhancement Act of 2005 (16 U.S.C. 580d note; Public Law 109–54) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019’’. USE OF AMERICAN IRON AND STEEL  S
EC. 423. (a)(1) None of the funds made available by a State water pollution control revolving fund as authorized by section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or re-pair of a public water system or treatment works unless all of the iron and steel prod-ucts used in the project are produced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term ‘‘iron and steel’’ products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or un-lined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be incon-sistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reason-ably available quantities and of a satisfac-tory quality; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products pro-duced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this section, the Adminis-trator shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Administrator shall make the request and accompanying infor-mation available by electronic means, in-cluding on the official public Internet Web site of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy. (d) This section shall be applied in a man-ner consistent with United States obliga-tions under international agreements. (e) The Administrator may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Clean and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds for carrying out the provi-sions described in subsection (a)(1) for man-agement and oversight of the requirements of this section. 
MIDWAY ISLAND  S
EC. 424. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to destroy any buildings or structures on Midway Island that have been recommended by the United States Navy for inclusion in the National Register of Historic Places (54 U.S.C. 302101). 
JOHN F . KENNEDY CENTER REAUTHORIZATION  S
EC. 425. Section 13 of the John F. Kennedy Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76r) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) M
AINTENANCE , R EPAIR , AND SECU-
RITY.—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out section 4(a)(1)(H), $24,490,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(b) C
APITAL PROJECTS .—There is author-ized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out subparagraphs (F) and (G) of section 4(a)(1), $16,800,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. 
LOCAL COOPERATOR TRAINING AGREEMENTS AND  
TRANSFERS OF EXCESS EQUIPMENT AND SUP -
PLIES FOR WILDFIRES  S
EC. 426. The Secretary of the Interior is authorized to enter into grants and coopera-tive agreements with volunteer fire depart-ments, rural fire departments, rangeland fire protection associations, and similar organi-zations to provide for wildland fire training 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5150 July 23, 2018 
and equipment, including supplies and com-munication devices. Notwithstanding 121(c) of title 40, United States Code, or section 521 of title 40, United States Code, the Secretary is further authorized to transfer title to ex-cess Department of the Interior firefighting equipment no longer needed to carry out the functions of the Department’s wildland fire management program to such organizations. 
INFRASTRUCTURE  S
EC. 427. (a) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—Haz-ardous Substance Superfund’’, $43,000,000, of which $38,000,000 shall be for the Superfund Remedial program and $5,000,000 shall be for the Superfund Emergency Response and Re-moval program, to remain available until ex-pended, consisting of such sums as are avail-able in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2018, as authorized by section 517(a) of the Super-fund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $43,000,000 as a pay-ment from general revenues to the Haz-ardous Substance Superfund for purposes as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA. (b) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environ-mental Protection Agency—State and Tribal Assistance Grants,’’ for environmental pro-grams and infrastructure assistance, includ-ing capitalization grants for State revolving funds and performance partnership grants, $670,000,000 to remain available until ex-pended, of which— (1) $300,000,000 shall be for making capital-ization grants for the Clean Water State Re-volving Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $300,000,000 shall be for making capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolv-ing Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act; (2) $30,000,000 shall be for grants for small and disadvantaged communities authorized in section 2104 of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322); (3) $25,000,000 shall be for grants for lead testing in school and child care program drinking water authorized in section 2107 of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322); (4) $15,000,000 shall be for grants for reduc-ing lead in drinking water authorized in sec-tion 2105 of the Water Infrastructure Im-provements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322). (c) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environ-mental Protection Agency—Water Infra-structure Finance and Innovation Program Account’’, $53,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the cost of direct loans, for the cost of guaranteed loans, and for ad-ministrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, of which $3,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, may be used for such admin-istrative expenses: Provided, That these addi-tional funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of di-rect loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, including capital-ized interest, any part of which is to be guar-anteed, not to exceed $6,100,000,000. 
POLICIES RELATING TO BIOMASS ENERGY  S
EC. 428. To support the key role that for-ests in the United States can play in address-ing the energy needs of the United States, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Agriculture, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall, consistent with their missions, jointly— (1) ensure that Federal policy relating to forest bioenergy— (A) is consistent across all Federal depart-ments and agencies; and (B) recognizes the full benefits of the use of forest biomass for energy, conservation, and responsible forest management; and (2) establish clear and simple policies for the use of forest biomass as an energy solu-tion, including policies that— (A) reflect the carbon-neutrality of forest bioenergy and recognize biomass as a renew-able energy source, provided the use of forest biomass for energy production does not cause conversion of forests to non-forest use; (B) encourage private investment through-out the forest biomass supply chain, includ-ing in— (i) working forests; (ii) harvesting operations; (iii) forest improvement operations; (iv) forest bioenergy production; (v) wood products manufacturing; or (vi) paper manufacturing; (C) encourage forest management to im-prove forest health; and (D) recognize State initiatives to produce and use forest biomass. CLARIFICATION OF EXEMPTIONS  S
EC. 429. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). 
SMALL REMOTE INCINERATORS  S
EC. 430. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to implement or en-force the regulation issued on March 21, 2011 at 40 CFR part 60 subparts CCCC and DDDD with respect to units in the State of Alaska that are defined as ‘‘small, remote inciner-ator’’ units in those regulations and, until a subsequent regulation is issued, the Admin-istrator shall implement the law and regula-tions in effect prior to such date. 
RECREATION FEES  S
EC. 431. Section 810 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘October 1, 2020’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. S
EC. 432. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Department of the Inte-rior, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, the Indian Health Serv-ice, or the Smithsonian Institution to ac-quire telecommunications equipment pro-duced by Huawei Technologies Company, ZTE Corporation or a high-impact or mod-erate-impact information system, as defined for security categorization in the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s (NIST) Federal Information Processing Standard Publication 199, ‘‘Standards for Se-curity Categorization of Federal Information and Information Systems’’ unless the agency has— (1) reviewed the supply chain risk for the information systems against criteria devel-oped by NIST to inform acquisition decisions for high-impact and moderate-impact infor-mation systems within the Federal Govern-ment; (2) reviewed the supply chain risk from the presumptive awardee against available and relevant threat information provided by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other appropriate agencies; and (3) in consultation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation or other appropriate Federal entity, conducted an assessment of any risk of cyber-espionage or sabotage associated with the acquisition of such system, includ-ing any risk associated with such system being produced, manufactured, or assembled by one or more entities identified by the United States Government as posing a cyber threat, including but not limited to, those that may be owned, directed, or subsidized by the People’s Republic of China, the Is-lamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, or the Russian Fed-eration. (b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available under this Act may be used to acquire a high-impact or moderate impact information system reviewed and as-sessed under subsection (a) unless the head of the assessing entity described in sub-section (a) has— (1) developed, in consultation with NIST and supply chain risk management experts, a mitigation strategy for any identified risks; (2) determined, in consultation with NIST and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, that the acquisition of such system is in the vital national security interest of the United States; and (3) reported that determination to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in a man-ner that identifies the system intended for acquisition and a detailed description of the mitigation strategies identified in (1), pro-vided that such report may include a classi-fied annex as necessary. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION B—FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019 That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, for financial services and general government for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Depart-mental Offices including operation and maintenance of the Treasury Building and Freedman’s Bank Building; hire of passenger motor vehicles; maintenance, repairs, and improvements of, and purchase of commer-cial insurance policies for, real properties leased or owned overseas, when necessary for the performance of official business; execu-tive direction program activities; inter-national affairs and economic policy activi-ties; domestic finance and tax policy activi-ties, including technical assistance to Puerto Rico; and Treasury-wide management poli-cies and programs activities, $208,751,000: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading— (1) not to exceed $700,000 is for official re-ception and representation expenses, of which necessary amounts shall be available for expenses to support activities of the Fi-nancial Action Task Force, and not to ex-ceed $350,000 shall be for other official recep-tion and representation expenses; (2) not to exceed $258,000 is for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s cer-tificate; and (3) not to exceed $24,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for— (A) the Treasury-wide Financial Statement Audit and Internal Control Program; (B) information technology modernization requirements; (C) the audit, oversight, and administra-tion of the Gulf Coast Restoration Trust Fund; (D) the development and implementation of programs within the Office of Critical In-frastructure Protection and Compliance Pol-icy, including entering into cooperative agreements; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5151 July 23, 2018 
(E) operations and maintenance of facili-ties; and (F) international operations. 
OFFICE OF TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL  
INTELLIGENCE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the necessary expenses of the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence to safe-guard the financial system against illicit use and to combat rogue nations, terrorist facilitators, weapons of mass destruction proliferators, money launderers, drug king-pins, and other national security threats, $159,000,000: Provided, That of the amount ap-propriated under this heading: (1) up to $33,500,000 may be transferred to the Depart-mental Offices Salaries and Expenses appro-priation and shall be available for adminis-trative support to the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence; and (2) up to $10,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. 
CYBERSECURITY ENHANCEMENT ACCOUNT  For salaries and expenses for enhanced cy-bersecurity for systems operated by the De-partment of the Treasury, $25,208,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2021: Pro- vided, That such funds shall supplement and not supplant any other amounts made avail-able to the Treasury offices and bureaus for cybersecurity: Provided further, That the Chief Information Officer of the individual offices and bureaus shall submit a spend plan for each investment to the Treasury Chief Information Officer for approval: Provided further, That the submitted spend plan shall be reviewed and approved by the Treasury Chief Information Officer prior to the obliga-tion of funds under this heading: Provided further, That of the total amount made avail-able under this heading $1,000,000 shall be available for administrative expenses for the Treasury Chief Information Officer to pro-vide oversight of the investments made under this heading: Provided further, That such funds shall supplement and not sup-plant any other amounts made available to the Treasury Chief Information Officer. 
DEPARTMENT -WIDE SYSTEMS AND CAPITAL  
INVESTMENTS PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For development and acquisition of auto-matic data processing equipment, software, and services and for repairs and renovations to buildings owned by the Department of the Treasury, $4,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That these funds shall be transferred to accounts and in amounts as necessary to satisfy the require-ments of the Department’s offices, bureaus, and other organizations: Provided further, That this transfer authority shall be in addi-tion to any other transfer authority provided in this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to support or supplement ‘‘In-ternal Revenue Service, Operations Support’’ or ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, Business Sys-tems Modernization’’. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $37,044,000, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature, to be allocated and ex-pended under the direction of the Inspector General of the Treasury; of which up to $2,800,000 to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, shall be for audits and inves-tigations conducted pursuant to section 1608 of the Resources and Ecosystems Sustain-ability, Tourist Opportunities, and Revived Economies of the Gulf Coast States Act of 2012 (33 U.S.C. 1321 note); and of which not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official re-ception and representation expenses. TREASURY INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR TAX  
ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Treasury In-spector General for Tax Administration in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, including purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Inspector General for Tax Administra-tion; $169,634,000, of which $5,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2020; of which not to exceed $6,000,000 shall be avail-able for official travel expenses; of which not to exceed $500,000 shall be available for un-foreseen emergencies of a confidential na-ture, to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Inspector General for Tax Administration; and of which not to exceed $1,500 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
SPECIAL INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR THE  
TROUBLED ASSET RELIEF PROGRAM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Special Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 343), $17,500,000. F
INANCIAL CRIMES ENFORCEMENT NETWORK  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and training expenses of non-Federal and foreign government personnel to attend meetings and training concerned with domestic and foreign financial intelligence activities, law enforcement, and financial regulation; serv-ices authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; not to ex-ceed $10,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; and for assistance to Federal law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $117,800,000, of which not to exceed $34,335,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. B
UREAU OF THE FISCAL SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of operations of the Bureau of the Fiscal Service, $338,280,000; of which not to exceed $4,210,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, is for in-formation systems modernization initia-tives; and of which $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation ex-penses. In addition, $165,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to reimburse administrative and personnel expenses for fi-nancial management of the Fund, as author-ized by section 1012 of Public Law 101–380. A
LCOHOL AND TOBACCO TAX AND TRADE  B
UREAU  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of carrying out sec-tion 1111 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, including hire of passenger motor vehi-cles, $111,439,000; of which not to exceed $6,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses; not to exceed $50,000 for cooperative research and development programs for lab-oratory services; and provision of laboratory assistance to State and local agencies with or without reimbursement: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the costs of accel-erating the processing of formula and label applications: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. UNITED STATES MINT 
UNITED STATES MINT PUBLIC ENTERPRISE FUND  Pursuant to section 5136 of title 31, United States Code, the United States Mint is pro-vided funding through the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund for costs asso-ciated with the production of circulating coins, numismatic coins, and protective services, including both operating expenses and capital investments: Provided, That the aggregate amount of new liabilities and obli-gations incurred during fiscal year 2019 under such section 5136 for circulating coin-age and protective service capital invest-ments of the United States Mint shall not exceed $30,000,000. C
OMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FINANCIAL  I
NSTITUTIONS FUNDPROGRAM ACCOUNT  To carry out the Riegle Community Devel-opment and Regulatory Improvements Act of 1994 (subtitle A of title I of Public Law 103– 325), including services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for EX–3, $250,000,000. Of the amount appropriated under this heading— (1) not less than $182,000,000, notwith-standing section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)) with regard to Small and/ or Emerging Community Development Fi-nancial Institutions Assistance awards, is available until September 30, 2020, for finan-cial assistance and technical assistance under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 108(a)(1), respectively, of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(a)(1)(A) and (B)), of which up to $2,680,000 may be used for the cost of di-rect loans: Provided, That the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $25,000,000; (2) not less than $16,000,000, notwith-standing section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)), is available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, for financial assistance, technical assistance, training, and outreach programs designed to benefit Native Amer-ican, Native Hawaiian, and Alaska Native communities and provided primarily through qualified community development lender or-ganizations with experience and expertise in community development banking and lend-ing in Indian country, Native American or-ganizations, tribes and tribal organizations, and other suitable providers; (3) not less than $25,000,000 is available until September 30, 2020, for the Bank Enter-prise Award program; (4) up to $27,000,000 is available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, for administrative expenses, including administration of CDFI fund pro-grams and the New Markets Tax Credit Pro-gram, of which not less than $1,000,000 is for development of tools to better assess and in-form CDFI investment performance, and up to $300,000 is for administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program; and (5) during fiscal year 2019, none of the funds available under this heading are avail-able for the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of com-mitments to guarantee bonds and notes under section 114A of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4713a): Provided, That commitments to guarantee bonds and notes under such section 114A shall not exceed $500,000,000: Provided further, That such sec-tion 114A shall remain in effect until Decem-ber 31, 2019: Provided further, That of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5152 July 23, 2018 
funds awarded under this heading, not less than 10 percent shall be used for awards that support investments that serve populations living in persistent poverty counties: Pro- vided further, That for the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty coun-ties’’ means any county that has had 20 per-cent or more of its population living in pov-erty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the 2011–2015 5-year data series available from the American Community Survey of the Cen-sus Bureau. I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE  
TAXPAYER SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to provide taxpayer serv-ices, including pre-filing assistance and edu-cation, filing and account services, taxpayer advocacy services, and other services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $2,506,554,000, of which not less than $9,890,000 shall be for the Tax Counseling for the Elder-ly Program, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for low-income taxpayer clinic grants, of which not less than $15,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, shall be available for a Com-munity Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grants program for tax return preparation assistance, and of which not less than $206,000,000 shall be available for oper-ating expenses of the Taxpayer Advocate Service: Provided, That of the amounts made available for the Taxpayer Advocate Service, not less than $5,500,000 shall be for identity theft and refund fraud casework. 
ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses for tax enforce-ment activities of the Internal Revenue Service to determine and collect owed taxes, to provide legal and litigation support, to conduct criminal investigations, to enforce criminal statutes related to violations of in-ternal revenue laws and other financial crimes, to purchase and hire passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)), and to pro-vide other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $4,860,000,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which not less than $60,257,000 shall be for the Inter-agency Crime and Drug Enforcement pro-gram. 
OPERATIONS SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to support taxpayer serv-ices and enforcement programs, including rent payments; facilities services; printing; postage; physical security; headquarters and other IRS-wide administration activities; re-search and statistics of income; tele-communications; information technology de-velopment, enhancement, operations, main-tenance, and security; the hire of passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); the oper-ations of the Internal Revenue Service Over-sight Board; and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be de-termined by the Commissioner; $3,709,000,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2020; of which not to exceed $10,000,000 shall remain available until expended for acquisition of equipment and construction, repair and ren-ovation of facilities; of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021, for research; of which not to exceed $20,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for its major informa-tion technology investments, including the purpose and life-cycle stages of the invest-ments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the ex-pected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter: Provided further, That the Internal Revenue Service shall include, in its budget justification for fiscal year 2020, a summary of cost and schedule performance informa-tion for its major information technology systems. BUSINESS SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service’s business systems mod-ernization program, $110,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisi-tions, including related Internal Revenue Service labor costs, and contractual costs as-sociated with operations authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Inter-nal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for major information technology invest-ments, including the purposes and life-cycle stages of the investments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and the strategies the In-ternal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be in-curred in the next quarter. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INTERNAL  
REVENUE SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be transferred to any other Internal Revenue Service appro-priation upon the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations. S
EC. 102. The Internal Revenue Service shall maintain an employee training pro-gram, which shall include the following top-ics: taxpayers’ rights, dealing courteously with taxpayers, cross-cultural relations, eth-ics, and the impartial application of tax law. S
EC. 103. The Internal Revenue Service shall institute and enforce policies and pro-cedures that will safeguard the confiden-tiality of taxpayer information and protect taxpayers against identity theft. S
EC. 104. Funds made available by this or any other Act to the Internal Revenue Serv-ice shall be available for improved facilities and increased staffing to provide sufficient and effective 1–800 help line service for tax-payers. The Commissioner shall continue to make improvements to the Internal Revenue Service 1–800 help line service a priority and allocate resources necessary to enhance the response time to taxpayer communications, particularly with regard to victims of tax-re-lated crimes. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available to the Internal Revenue Service by this Act may be used to make a video unless the Service-Wide Video Editorial Board deter-mines in advance that making the video is appropriate, taking into account the cost, topic, tone, and purpose of the video. S
EC. 106. The Internal Revenue Service shall issue a notice of confirmation of any address change relating to an employer mak-ing employment tax payments, and such no-tice shall be sent to both the employer’s former and new address and an officer or em-ployee of the Internal Revenue Service shall give special consideration to an offer-in-com-promise from a taxpayer who has been the victim of fraud by a third party payroll tax preparer. SEC. 107. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to target citizens of the United States for exercising any right guar-anteed under the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Internal Rev-enue Service to target groups for regulatory scrutiny based on their ideological beliefs. S
EC. 109. None of funds made available by this Act to the Internal Revenue Service shall be obligated or expended on con-ferences that do not adhere to the proce-dures, verification processes, documentation requirements, and policies issued by the Chief Financial Officer, Human Capital Of-fice, and Agency-Wide Shared Services as a result of the recommendations in the report published on May 31, 2013, by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration entitled ‘‘Review of the August 2010 Small Business/Self-Employed Division’s Con-ference in Anaheim, California’’ (Reference Number 2013–10–037). S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be obligated or expended— (1) to make a payment to any employee under a bonus, award, or recognition pro-gram; or (2) under any hiring or personnel selection process with respect to re-hiring a former employee, unless such program or process takes into account the conduct and Federal tax compliance of such employee or former employee. S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to confidentiality and disclo-sure of returns and return information). S
EC. 112. Except to the extent provided in section 6014, 6020, or 6201(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, no funds in this or any other Act shall be available to the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to any person a proposed final return or statement for use by such person to satisfy a filing or reporting requirement under such Code. S
EC. 113. In addition to the amounts other-wise made available in this Act for the Inter-nal Revenue Service, $77,000,000, to be avail-able until September 30, 2020, shall be trans-ferred by the Commissioner to the ‘‘Tax-payer Services’’, ‘‘Enforcement’’, or ‘‘Oper-ations Support’’ accounts of the Internal Revenue Service for an additional amount to be used solely for carrying out Public Law 115–97: Provided, That such funds shall not be available until the Commissioner submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a spending plan for such funds. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT  
OF THE TREASURY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 114. Appropriations to the Department of the Treasury in this Act shall be available for uniforms or allowances therefor, as au-thorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning; purchase of insurance for official motor vehicles oper-ated in foreign countries; purchase of motor vehicles without regard to the general pur-chase price limitations for vehicles pur-chased and used overseas for the current fis-cal year; entering into contracts with the Department of State for the furnishing of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5153 July 23, 2018 
health and medical services to employees and their dependents serving in foreign coun-tries; and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. S
EC. 115. Not to exceed 2 percent of any ap-propriations in this title made available under the headings ‘‘Departmental Offices— Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence’’, ‘‘Office of In-spector General’’, ‘‘Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program’’, ‘‘Fi-nancial Crimes Enforcement Network’’, ‘‘Bu-reau of the Fiscal Service’’, and ‘‘Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau’’ may be transferred between such appropriations upon the advance approval of the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer under this section may increase or decrease any such appropriation by more than 2 percent. S
EC. 116. Not to exceed 2 percent of any ap-propriation made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be transferred to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration’s appropriation upon the ad-vance approval of the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer may increase or decrease any such appro-priation by more than 2 percent. S
EC. 117. None of the funds appropriated in this Act or otherwise available to the De-partment of the Treasury or the Bureau of Engraving and Printing may be used to rede-sign the $1 Federal Reserve note. S
EC. 118. The Secretary of the Treasury may transfer funds from the ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal Service-Salaries and Expenses’’ to the Debt Collection Fund as necessary to cover the costs of debt collection: Provided, That such amounts shall be reimbursed to such salaries and expenses account from debt col-lections received in the Debt Collection Fund. S
EC. 119. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the United States Mint to construct or operate any museum without the explicit approval of the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, the House Com-mittee on Financial Services, and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. S
EC. 120. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act or source to the Department of the Treasury, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, and the United States Mint, indi-vidually or collectively, may be used to con-solidate any or all functions of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint without the explicit approval of the House Committee on Financial Services; the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate. S
EC. 121. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for the Department of the Treas-ury’s intelligence or intelligence related ac-tivities are deemed to be specifically author-ized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2019 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. S
EC. 122. Not to exceed $5,000 shall be made available from the Bureau of Engraving and Printing’s Industrial Revolving Fund for necessary official reception and representa-tion expenses. S
EC. 123. The Secretary of the Treasury shall submit a Capital Investment Plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 30 days following the submission of the annual budget submitted by the Presi-dent: Provided, That such Capital Investment Plan shall include capital investment spend-ing from all accounts within the Department of the Treasury, including but not limited to the Department-wide Systems and Capital Investment Programs account, Treasury Franchise Fund account, and the Treasury Forfeiture Fund account: Provided further, That such Capital Investment Plan shall in-clude expenditures occurring in previous fis-cal years for each capital investment project that has not been fully completed. SEC. 124. Within 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit an itemized report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the amount of total funds charged to each of-fice by the Franchise Fund including the amount charged for each service provided by the Franchise Fund to each office, a detailed description of the services, a detailed expla-nation of how each charge for each service is calculated, and a description of the role cus-tomers have in governing in the Franchise Fund. S
EC. 125. During fiscal year 2019— (1) none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by the Depart-ment of the Treasury, including the Internal Revenue Service, to issue, revise, or finalize any regulation, revenue ruling, or other guidance not limited to a particular tax-payer relating to the standard which is used to determine whether an organization is op-erated exclusively for the promotion of so-cial welfare for purposes of section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (includ-ing the proposed regulations published at 78 Fed. Reg. 71535 (November 29, 2013)); and (2) the standard and definitions as in effect on January 1, 2010, which are used to make such determinations shall apply after the date of the enactment of this Act for pur-poses of determining status under section 501(c)(4) of such Code of organizations cre-ated on, before, or after such date. S
EC. 126. (a) Not later than 60 days after the end of each quarter, the Office of Finan-cial Stability and the Office of Financial Re-search shall submit reports on their activi-ties to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (b) The reports required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the obligations made during the pre-vious quarter by object class, office, and ac-tivity; (2) the estimated obligations for the re-mainder of the fiscal year by object class, of-fice, and activity; (3) the number of full-time equivalents within each office during the previous quar-ter; (4) the estimated number of full-time equivalents within each office for the re-mainder of the fiscal year; and (5) actions taken to achieve the goals, ob-jectives, and performance measures of each office. (c) At the request of any such Committees specified in subsection (a), the Office of Fi-nancial Stability and the Office of Financial Research shall make officials available to testify on the contents of the reports re-quired under subsection (a). S
EC. 127. Amounts made available under the heading ‘‘Office of Terrorism and Finan-cial Intelligence’’ shall be available to reim-burse the ‘‘Departmental Offices—Salaries and Expenses’’ account for expenses incurred in such account for reception and representa-tion expenses to support activities of the Fi-nancial Action Task Force. SEC. 128. Amounts in the Bureau of Engrav-ing and Printing Fund may be used for the acquisition of necessary land for, and con-struction of, a replacement currency produc-tion facility. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Treasury Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE II EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT T
HEWHITE HOUSE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the White House as authorized by law, including not to exceed $3,850,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 105; subsistence ex-penses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 105, which shall be expended and accounted for as pro-vided in that section; hire of passenger motor vehicles, and travel (not to exceed $100,000 to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 103); and not to exceed $19,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses, to be available for allocation within the Executive Office of the President; and for necessary expenses of the Office of Policy Development, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, $55,000,000. E
XECUTIVE RESIDENCE AT THE WHITE HOUSE  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Executive Residence at the White House, $13,081,000, to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 105, 109, 110, and 112–114. 
REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES  For the reimbursable expenses of the Exec-utive Residence at the White House, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That all reimbursable operating expenses of the Exec-utive Residence shall be made in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph: Pro- vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, such amount for re-imbursable operating expenses shall be the exclusive authority of the Executive Resi-dence to incur obligations and to receive off-setting collections, for such expenses: Pro- vided further, That the Executive Residence shall require each person sponsoring a reim-bursable political event to pay in advance an amount equal to the estimated cost of the event, and all such advance payments shall be credited to this account and remain avail-able until expended: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall require the na-tional committee of the political party of the President to maintain on deposit $25,000, to be separately accounted for and available for expenses relating to reimbursable polit-ical events sponsored by such committee during such fiscal year: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall ensure that a written notice of any amount owed for a reimbursable operating expense under this paragraph is submitted to the person owing such amount within 60 days after such ex-pense is incurred, and that such amount is collected within 30 days after the submission of such notice: Provided further, That the Ex-ecutive Residence shall charge interest and assess penalties and other charges on any such amount that is not reimbursed within such 30 days, in accordance with the interest and penalty provisions applicable to an out-standing debt on a United States Govern-ment claim under 31 U.S.C. 3717: Provided fur-ther, That each such amount that is reim-bursed, and any accompanying interest and charges, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall prepare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5154 July 23, 2018 
and submit to the Committees on Appropria-tions, by not later than 90 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Act, a re-port setting forth the reimbursable oper-ating expenses of the Executive Residence during the preceding fiscal year, including the total amount of such expenses, the amount of such total that consists of reim-bursable official and ceremonial events, the amount of such total that consists of reim-bursable political events, and the portion of each such amount that has been reimbursed as of the date of the report: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall maintain a system for the tracking of expenses related to reimbursable events within the Executive Residence that includes a standard for the classification of any such expense as polit-ical or nonpolitical: Provided further, That no provision of this paragraph may be construed to exempt the Executive Residence from any other applicable requirement of subchapter I or II of chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code. W
HITE HOUSE REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improve-ment of the Executive Residence at the White House pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 105(d), $750,000, to remain available until expended, for required maintenance, resolution of safe-ty and health issues, and continued prevent-ative maintenance. C
OUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Council of Economic Advisers in carrying out its func-tions under the Employment Act of 1946 (15 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.), $4,187,000. N
ATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL AND HOMELAND  S
ECURITY COUNCIL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Se-curity Council and the Homeland Security Council, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $11,800,000. O
FFICE OF ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ad-ministration, including services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $100,000,000, of which not to exceed $12,800,000 shall remain available until expended for continued mod-ernization of information resources within the Executive Office of the President. O
FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Management and Budget, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, to carry out the provisions of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and to prepare and submit the budget of the United States Government, in accordance with section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, $101,000,000, of which not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for official representation expenses: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Office of Management and Budget may be used for the purpose of reviewing any agri-cultural marketing orders or any activities or regulations under the provisions of the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 (7 U.S.C. 601 et seq.): Provided further, That none of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act may be expended for the altering of the transcript of actual testimony of witnesses, except for testimony of officials of the Office of Management and Budget, before the Com-mittees on Appropriations or their sub-committees: Provided further, That none of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act may be expended for the altering of the annual work plan developed by the Corps of Engineers for submission to the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act, no less than three full-time equivalent senior staff position shall be dedicated solely to the Office of the Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordi-nator: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this or prior Acts shall be used, directly or indirectly, by the Office of Management and Budget, for evaluating or determining if water resource project or study reports submitted by the Chief of En-gineers acting through the Secretary of the Army are in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and requirements relevant to the Civil Works water resource planning process: Provided further, That the Office of Management and Budget shall have not more than 60 days in which to perform budgetary policy reviews of water resource matters on which the Chief of Engineers has reported: Provided further, That the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget shall notify the appropriate authorizing and appro-priating committees when the 60-day review is initiated: Provided further, That if water resource reports have not been transmitted to the appropriate authorizing and appro-priating committees within 15 days after the end of the Office of Management and Budget review period based on the notification from the Director, Congress shall assume Office of Management and Budget concurrence with the report and act accordingly. In addition, $2,000,000 for the Office of In-formation and Regulatory Affairs to hire ad-ditional personnel dedicated to regulatory review and reforms: Provided, That these amounts shall be in addition to any other amounts available for such purpose: Provided further, That these funds may not be used to backfill vacancies. OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUGCONTROL POLICY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy; for research ac-tivities pursuant to the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469); not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses; and for participation in joint projects or in the provision of services on matters of mutual interest with nonprofit, research, or public organizations or agencies, with or without reimbursement, $18,400,000: Provided, That the Office is authorized to ac-cept, hold, administer, and utilize gifts, both real and personal, public and private, with-out fiscal year limitation, for the purpose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Office. 
FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
HIGH INTENSITY DRUG TRAFFICKING AREAS  
PROGRAM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy’s High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program, $280,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for drug control activities consistent with the approved strategy for each of the des-ignated High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (‘‘HIDTAs’’), of which not less than 51 percent shall be transferred to State and local entities for drug control activities and shall be obligated not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act: Provided, That up to 49 percent may be transferred to Fed-eral agencies and departments in amounts determined by the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, of which up to $2,700,000 may be used for auditing services and associated activities: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of Public Law 106–58, any unexpended funds ob-ligated prior to fiscal year 2017 may be used for any other approved activities of that HIDTA, subject to reprogramming require-ments: Provided further, That each HIDTA designated as of September 30, 2018, shall be funded at not less than the fiscal year 2018 base level, unless the Director submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate justifica-tion for changes to those levels based on clearly articulated priorities and published Office of National Drug Control Policy per-formance measures of effectiveness: Provided further, That the Director shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the initial allocation of fiscal year 2019 funding among HIDTAs not later than 45 days after enact-ment of this Act, and shall notify the Com-mittees of planned uses of discretionary HIDTA funding, as determined in consulta-tion with the HIDTA Directors, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds so transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein and upon notifi-cation to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation. OTHER FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For other drug control activities author-ized by the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469), $117,327,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be available as follows: $99,000,000 for the Drug-Free Commu-nities Program, of which $2,000,000 shall be made available as directed by section 4 of Public Law 107–82, as amended by Public Law 109–469 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note); $2,000,000 for drug court training and technical assistance; $9,500,000 for anti-doping activities; $2,577,000 for the United States membership dues to the World Anti-Doping Agency; and $1,250,000 shall be made available as directed by sec-tion 1105 of Public Law 109–469; and $3,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for activities authorized by section 103 of Public Law 114–198: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may be transferred to other Federal departments and agencies to carry out such activities. U
NANTICIPATED NEEDS  For expenses necessary to enable the Presi-dent to meet unanticipated needs, in further-ance of the national interest, security, or de-fense which may arise at home or abroad during the current fiscal year, as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 108, $1,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY OVERSIGHT AND  R
EFORM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the furtherance of integrated, efficient, secure, and effective uses of information technology in the Fed-eral Government, $19,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget may transfer these funds to one or more other agencies to carry out projects to meet these purposes. S
PECIAL ASSISTANCE TO THE PRESIDENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to enable the Vice President to provide assistance to the Presi-dent in connection with specially assigned functions; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 106, including subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 106, which shall be expended and accounted for as pro-vided in that section; and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,288,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5155 July 23, 2018 
OFFICIAL RESIDENCE OF THE VICEPRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the care, operation, refurnishing, im-provement, and to the extent not otherwise provided for, heating and lighting, including electric power and fixtures, of the official residence of the Vice President; the hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $90,000 pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 106(b)(2), $302,000: Provided, That advances, repayments, or transfers from this appropriation may be made to any department or agency for ex-penses of carrying out such activities. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —EXECUTIVE OF-
FICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPRO -
PRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. From funds made available in this Act under the headings ‘‘The White House’’, ‘‘Executive Residence at the White House’’, ‘‘White House Repair and Restoration’’, ‘‘Council of Economic Advisers’’, ‘‘National Security Council and Homeland Security Council’’, ‘‘Office of Administration’’, ‘‘Spe-cial Assistance to the President’’, and ‘‘Offi-cial Residence of the Vice President’’, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (or such other officer as the Presi-dent may designate in writing), may, with advance approval of the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, transfer not to exceed 10 per-cent of any such appropriation to any other such appropriation, to be merged with and available for the same time and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided, That the amount of an appropriation shall not be increased by more than 50 percent by such transfers: Provided further, That no amount shall be transferred from ‘‘Special Assistance to the President’’ or ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’ without the approval of the Vice President. S
EC. 202. (a) During fiscal year 2019, any Executive order or Presidential memo-randum issued or revoked by the President shall be accompanied by a written statement from the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget on the budgetary impact, including costs, benefits, and revenues, of such order or memorandum. (b) Any such statement shall include— (1) a narrative summary of the budgetary impact of such order or memorandum on the Federal Government; (2) the impact on mandatory and discre-tionary obligations and outlays as the result of such order or memorandum, listed by Fed-eral agency, for each year in the 5-fiscal year period beginning in fiscal year 2019; and (3) the impact on revenues of the Federal Government as the result of such order or memorandum over the 5-fiscal-year period beginning in fiscal year 2019. (c) If an Executive order or Presidential memorandum is issued during fiscal year 2019 due to a national emergency, the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget may issue the statement required by sub-section (a) not later than 15 days after the date that such order or memorandum is issued. (d) The requirement for cost estimates for Presidential memoranda shall only apply for Presidential memoranda estimated to have a regulatory cost in excess of $100,000,000. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Executive Office of the President Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE III THE JUDICIARY S
UPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the operation of the Supreme Court, as required by law, ex-cluding care of the building and grounds, in-cluding hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; and for miscellaneous expenses, to be expended as the Chief Justice may approve, $84,703,000, of which $1,500,000 shall remain available until expended. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief justice and asso-ciate justices of the court. CARE OF THE BUILDING AND GROUNDS  For such expenditures as may be necessary to enable the Architect of the Capitol to carry out the duties imposed upon the Archi-tect by 40 U.S.C. 6111 and 6112, $15,999,000, to remain available until expended. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  F
EDERAL CIRCUIT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees, and for necessary expenses of the court, as au-thorized by law, $32,016,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. U
NITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL  T
RADE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees of the court, services, and necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $19,450,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. C
OURTS OF APPEALS , DISTRICT COURTS , AND O
THER JUDICIAL SERVICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries of judges of the United States Court of Federal Claims, magistrate judges, and all other officers and employees of the Federal Judiciary not otherwise spe-cifically provided for, necessary expenses of the courts, and the purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for Probation and Pretrial Services Office staff, as authorized by law, $5,154,461,000 (including the purchase of firearms and ammunition); of which not to exceed $27,817,000 shall remain available until expended for space alteration projects and for furniture and furnishings related to new space alteration and construction projects. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of circuit and district judges (including judges of the territorial courts of the United States), bankruptcy judges, and justices and judges retired from office or from regular active service. In addition, for expenses of the United States Court of Federal Claims associated with processing cases under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–660), not to exceed $8,475,000, to be ap-propriated from the Vaccine Injury Com-pensation Trust Fund. 
DEFENDER SERVICES  For the operation of Federal Defender or-ganizations; the compensation and reim-bursement of expenses of attorneys ap-pointed to represent persons under 18 U.S.C. 3006A and 3599, and for the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of persons fur-nishing investigative, expert, and other serv-ices for such representations as authorized by law; the compensation (in accordance with the maximums under 18 U.S.C. 3006A) and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to assist the court in criminal cases where the defendant has waived rep-resentation by counsel; the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to represent jurors in civil actions for the protection of their employment, as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1875(d)(1); the com-pensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed under 18 U.S.C. 983(b)(1) in connection with certain judicial civil for-feiture proceedings; the compensation and reimbursement of travel expenses of guard-ians ad litem appointed under 18 U.S.C. 4100(b); and for necessary training and gen-eral administrative expenses, $1,140,846,000 to remain available until expended. FEES OF JURORS AND COMMISSIONERS  For fees and expenses of jurors as author-ized by 28 U.S.C. 1871 and 1876; compensation of jury commissioners as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1863; and compensation of commis-sioners appointed in condemnation cases pursuant to rule 71.1(h) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (28 U.S.C. Appendix Rule 71.1(h)), $49,750,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the compensation of land commissioners shall not exceed the daily equivalent of the highest rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5332. 
COURT SECURITY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, incident to the provision of protec-tive guard services for United States court-houses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, and the procurement, in-stallation, and maintenance of security sys-tems and equipment for United States court-houses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, including building ingress- egress control, inspection of mail and pack-ages, directed security patrols, perimeter se-curity, basic security services provided by the Federal Protective Service, and other similar activities as authorized by section 1010 of the Judicial Improvement and Access to Justice Act (Public Law 100–702), $604,460,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended, to be expended directly or transferred to the United States Marshals Service, which shall be responsible for administering the Judicial Facility Security Program consistent with standards or guidelines agreed to by the Di-rector of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the Attorney Gen-eral. A
DMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED  S
TATES COURTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administra-tive Office of the United States Courts as au-thorized by law, including travel as author-ized by 31 U.S.C. 1345, hire of a passenger motor vehicle as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343(b), advertising and rent in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $92,413,000, of which not to exceed $8,500 is authorized for official reception and representation ex-penses. F
EDERAL JUDICIAL CENTER  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Ju-dicial Center, as authorized by Public Law 90–219, $29,819,000; of which $1,800,000 shall re-main available through September 30, 2020, to provide education and training to Federal court personnel; and of which not to exceed $1,500 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. U
NITED STATES SENTENCING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries and expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 58 of title 28, United States Code, $18,548,000, of which not to exceed $1,000 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5156 July 23, 2018 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —THEJUDICIARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 301. Appropriations and authoriza-tions made in this title which are available for salaries and expenses shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. S
EC. 302. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Judiciary in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services, Defender Services’’ and ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services, Fees of Jurors and Commis-sioners’’, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under sections 604 and 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in section 608. S
EC. 303. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the salaries and expenses appro-priation for ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services’’ shall be available for official reception and represen-tation expenses of the Judicial Conference of the United States: Provided, That such avail-able funds shall not exceed $11,000 and shall be administered by the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts in the capacity as Secretary of the Judicial Conference. S
EC. 304. Section 3315(a) of title 40, United States Code, shall be applied by substituting ‘‘Federal’’ for ‘‘executive’’ each place it ap-pears. S
EC. 305. In accordance with 28 U.S.C. 561– 569, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the United States Marshals Service shall provide, for such courthouses as its Di-rector may designate in consultation with the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, for purposes of a pilot program, the security services that 40 U.S.C. 1315 authorizes the Department of Homeland Security to provide, except for the services specified in 40 U.S.C. 1315(b)(2)(E). For building-specific security services at these courthouses, the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts shall reimburse the United States Marshals Service rather than the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. S
EC. 306. (a) Section 203(c) of the Judicial Improvements Act of 1990 (Public Law 101– 650; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended in the matter following paragraph 12— (1) in the second sentence (relating to the District of Kansas), by striking ‘‘27 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘28 years and 6 months’’; and (2) in the sixth sentence (relating to the District of Hawaii), by striking ‘‘24 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years and 6 months’’. (b) Section 406 of the Transportation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judiciary, the District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2470; 28 U.S.C. 133 note) is amended in the second sentence (relating to the eastern District of Missouri) by striking ‘‘25 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘26 years and 6 months’’. (c) Section 312(c)(2) of the 21st Century De-partment of Justice Appropriations Author-ization Act (Public Law 107–273; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended— (1) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘16 years’’ and inserting ‘‘17 years’’; (2) in the second sentence (relating to the central District of California), by striking ‘‘15 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘16 years and 6 months’’; and (3) in the third sentence (relating to the western district of North Carolina), by strik-ing ‘‘14 years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years’’. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Judiciary Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE IV DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FEDERAL FUNDS  
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR RESIDENT TUITION  
SUPPORT  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia, to be deposited into a dedicated account, for a nationwide program to be ad-ministered by the Mayor, for District of Co-lumbia resident tuition support, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds, including any interest ac-crued thereon, may be used on behalf of eli-gible District of Columbia residents to pay an amount based upon the difference be-tween in-State and out-of-State tuition at public institutions of higher education, or to pay up to $2,500 each year at eligible private institutions of higher education: Provided further, That the awarding of such funds may be prioritized on the basis of a resident’s aca-demic merit, the income and need of eligible students and such other factors as may be authorized: Provided further, That the Dis-trict of Columbia government shall maintain a dedicated account for the Resident Tuition Support Program that shall consist of the Federal funds appropriated to the Program in this Act and any subsequent appropria-tions, any unobligated balances from prior fiscal years, and any interest earned in this or any fiscal year: Provided further, That the account shall be under the control of the District of Columbia Chief Financial Officer, who shall use those funds solely for the pur-poses of carrying out the Resident Tuition Support Program: Provided further, That the Office of the Chief Financial Officer shall provide a quarterly financial report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for these funds showing, by object class, the expendi-tures made and the purpose therefor. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR EMERGENCY PLANNING  
AND SECURITY COSTS IN THE DISTRICT OF CO -
LUMBIA  For a Federal payment of necessary ex-penses, as determined by the Mayor of the District of Columbia in written consultation with the elected county or city officials of surrounding jurisdictions, $12,000,000, to re-main available until expended, for the costs of providing public safety at events related to the presence of the National Capital in the District of Columbia, including support requested by the Director of the United States Secret Service in carrying out protec-tive duties under the direction of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and for the costs of providing support to respond to im-mediate and specific terrorist threats or at-tacks in the District of Columbia or sur-rounding jurisdictions. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA COURTS  For salaries and expenses for the District of Columbia Courts, $244,939,000 to be allo-cated as follows: for the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, $13,379,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; for the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, $121,251,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official re-ception and representation expenses; for the District of Columbia Court System, $71,909,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation ex-penses; and $38,400,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for capital improve-ments for District of Columbia courthouse facilities: Provided, That funds made avail-able for capital improvements shall be ex-pended consistent with the District of Co-lumbia Courts master plan study and facili-ties condition assessment: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Man-agement and Budget and obligated and ex-pended in the same manner as funds appro-priated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That 30 days after providing written notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Dis-trict of Columbia Courts may reallocate not more than $9,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading among the items and en-tities funded under this heading: Provided further, That the Joint Committee on Judi-cial Administration in the District of Colum-bia may, by regulation, establish a program substantially similar to the program set forth in subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, for employees of the Dis-trict of Columbia Courts. FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR DEFENDER SERVICES IN  
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payments authorized under section 11– 2604 and section 11–2605, D.C. Official Code (relating to representation provided under the District of Columbia Criminal Justice Act), payments for counsel appointed in pro-ceedings in the Family Court of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia under chapter 23 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, or pursuant to contractual agreements to pro-vide guardian ad litem representation, train-ing, technical assistance, and such other services as are necessary to improve the quality of guardian ad litem representation, payments for counsel appointed in adoption proceedings under chapter 3 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, and payments authorized under section 21–2060, D.C. Official Code (re-lating to services provided under the District of Columbia Guardianship, Protective Pro-ceedings, and Durable Power of Attorney Act of 1986), $46,005,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not more than $20,000,000 in unobligated funds provided in this account may be transferred to and merged with funds made available under the heading ‘‘Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Courts,’’ to be available for the same period and purposes as funds made available under that heading for capital im-provements to District of Columbia court-house facilities: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading shall be admin-istered by the Joint Committee on Judicial Administration in the District of Columbia: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, this appropriation shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for expenses of other Federal agencies. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE COURT SERVICES  
AND OFFENDER SUPERVISION AGENCY FOR THE  
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, as au-thorized by the National Capital Revitaliza-tion and Self-Government Improvement Act of 1997, $256,724,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 is for official reception and representa-tion expenses related to Community Super-vision and Pretrial Services Agency pro-grams, and of which not to exceed $25,000 is for dues and assessments relating to the im-plementation of the Court Services and Of-fender Supervision Agency Interstate Super-vision Act of 2002: Provided, That, of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5157 July 23, 2018 
funds appropriated under this heading, $183,166,000 shall be for necessary expenses of Community Supervision and Sex Offender Registration, to include expenses relating to the supervision of adults subject to protec-tion orders or the provision of services for or related to such persons, of which $5,919,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021 for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for headquarters offices, field offices, and related facilities: Provided further, That, of the funds appro-priated under this heading, $73,558,000 shall be available to the Pretrial Services Agency, of which $7,304,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021 for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for headquarters offices, field offices, and re-lated facilities: Provided further, That not- withstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be appor-tioned quarterly by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That amounts under this heading may be used for pro-grammatic incentives for defendants to suc-cessfully complete their terms of super-vision. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the District of Columbia Public Defender Serv-ice, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and Self-Government Im-provement Act of 1997, $45,858,000, of which $4,471,000 shall be available until September 30, 2021 for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for headquarters offices, field offices, and related facilities: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and ex-penses of Federal agencies. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE  
COORDINATING COUNCIL  For a Federal payment to the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council, $2,150,000, to remain available until expended, to support initiatives related to the coordination of Federal and local criminal justice resources in the District of Columbia. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR JUDICIAL COMMISSIONS  For a Federal payment, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020, to the Commis-sion on Judicial Disabilities and Tenure, $295,000, and for the Judicial Nomination Commission, $270,000. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT  For a Federal payment for a school im-provement program in the District of Colum-bia, $52,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for payments authorized under the Scholarship for Opportunity and Results Act (division C of Public Law 112–10): Provided, That, to the extent that funds are available for opportunity scholarships and following the priorities included in section 3006 of such Act, the Secretary of Education shall make scholarships available to students eligible under section 3013(3) of such Act (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 211) including students who were not offered a scholarship during any previous school year: Provided further, That within funds provided for opportunity schol-arships up to $1,200,000 shall be for the activi-ties specified in sections 3007(b) through 3007(d) of the Act and up to $500,000 shall be for the activities specified in section 3009 of the Act. FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia National Guard, $435,000, to remain available until expended for the Major Gen-eral David F. Wherley, Jr. District of Colum-bia National Guard Retention and College Access Program. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR TESTING AND  
TREATMENT OF HIV /AIDS For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia for the testing of individuals for, and the treatment of individuals with, human immunodeficiency virus and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in the District of Columbia, $2,000,000. D
ISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FUNDS  Local funds are appropriated for the Dis-trict of Columbia for the current fiscal year out of the General Fund of the District of Columbia (‘‘General Fund’’) for programs and activities set forth under the heading ‘‘
PART A —SUMMARY OF EXPENSES ’’ and at the rate set forth under such heading, as in-cluded in the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Re-quest Act of 2018 submitted to Congress by the District of Columbia, as amended as of the date of enactment of this Act: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in section 450A of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (section 1–204.50a, D.C. Official Code), sections 816 and 817 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2009 (secs. 47–369.01 and 47–369.02, D.C. Official Code), and provisions of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for operating ex-penses for the District of Columbia for fiscal year 2019 under this heading shall not exceed the estimates included in the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request Act of 2018 submitted to Congress by the District of Columbia, as amended as of the date of enactment of this Act or the sum of the total revenues of the District of Columbia for such fiscal year: Provided further, That the amount appro-priated may be increased by proceeds of one- time transactions, which are expended for emergency or unanticipated operating or capital needs: Provided further, That such in-creases shall be approved by enactment of local District law and shall comply with all reserve requirements contained in the Dis-trict of Columbia Home Rule Act: Provided further, That the Chief Financial Officer of the District of Columbia shall take such steps as are necessary to assure that the Dis-trict of Columbia meets these requirements, including the apportioning by the Chief Fi-nancial Officer of the appropriations and funds made available to the District during fiscal year 2019, except that the Chief Finan-cial Officer may not reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA WATER AND SEWER AUTHORITY  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority, $10,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, to continue implementation of the Combined Sewer Overflow Long-Term Plan: Provided, That the District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority provides a 100 percent match for this payment. This title may be cited as the ‘‘District of Columbia Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE V INDEPENDENT AGENCIES A
DMINISTRATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED  S
TATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administra-tive Conference of the United States, author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 591 et seq., $3,100,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020, of which not to exceed $1,000 is for official re-ception and representation expenses. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), including the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, and the rental of space (to include multiple year leases), in the District of Columbia and else-where, $281,500,000, including not to exceed $3,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses, and not to exceed $25,000 for the expenses for consultations and meetings hosted by the Commission with foreign gov-ernmental and other regulatory officials, of which not less than $57,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for the purchase of information technology and of which not less than $3,302,509 shall be for expenses of the Office of the Inspector General: Provided, That notwithstanding the limitations in 31 U.S.C. 1553, amounts pro-vided under this heading are available for the liquidation of obligations equal to cur-rent year payments on leases entered into prior to the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That for the purpose of re-cording and liquidating any lease obligations that should have been recorded and liq-uidated against accounts closed pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1552, and consistent with the pre-ceding proviso, such amounts shall be trans-ferred to and recorded in a no-year account in the Treasury, which has been established for the sole purpose of recording adjustments for and liquidating such unpaid obligations. C
ONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for in-dividuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5376, purchase of nominal awards to recognize non-Federal officials’ contributions to Commission activities, and not to exceed $4,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $126,000,000. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —CONSUMER  
PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  S
EC. 501. During fiscal year 2019, none of the amounts made available by this Act may be used to finalize or implement the Safety Standard for Recreational Off-Highway Vehi-cles published by the Consumer Product Safety Commission in the Federal Register on November 19, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 68964) until after— (1) the National Academy of Sciences, in consultation with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the De-partment of Defense, completes a study to determine— (A) the technical validity of the lateral stability and vehicle handling requirements proposed by such standard for purposes of re-ducing the risk of Recreational Off-Highway Vehicle (referred to in this section as ‘‘ROV’’) rollovers in the off-road environ-ment, including the repeatability and repro-ducibility of testing for compliance with such requirements; (B) the number of ROV rollovers that would be prevented if the proposed require-ments were adopted; (C) whether there is a technical basis for the proposal to provide information on a point-of-sale hangtag about a ROV’s rollover resistance on a progressive scale; and (D) the effect on the utility of ROVs used by the United States military if the proposed requirements were adopted; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5158 July 23, 2018 
(2) a report containing the results of the study completed under paragraph (1) is deliv-ered to— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. E
LECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–252), $9,200,000, of which $1,500,000 shall be transferred to the National Institute of Standards and Technology for election re-form activities authorized under the Help America Vote Act of 2002. F
EDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Communications Commission, as authorized by law, including uniforms and allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; not to exceed $4,000 for official reception and representation expenses; purchase and hire of motor vehicles; special counsel fees; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $333,118,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That $333,118,000 of offset-ting collections shall be assessed and col-lected pursuant to section 9 of title I of the Communications Act of 1934, shall be re-tained and used for necessary expenses and shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided further, That the sum herein appro-priated shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2019 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at $0: Provided fur-ther, That any offsetting collections received in excess of $333,118,000 in fiscal year 2019 shall not be available for obligation: Provided further, That remaining offsetting collec-tions from prior years collected in excess of the amount specified for collection in each such year and otherwise becoming available on October 1, 2018, shall not be available for obligation: Provided further, That, notwith-standing 47 U.S.C. 309(j)(8)(B), proceeds from the use of a competitive bidding system that may be retained and made available for obli-gation shall not exceed $130,284,000 for fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That, of the amount appropriated under this heading, not less than $11,064,000 shall be for the salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector Gen-eral. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  S
EC. 510. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Federal Commu-nications Commission to modify, amend, or change its rules or regulations for universal service support payments to implement the February 27, 2004 recommendations of the Federal-State Joint Board on Universal Service regarding single connection or pri-mary line restrictions on universal service support payments. F
EDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $42,982,000, to be derived from the Deposit In-surance Fund or, only when appropriate, the FSLIC Resolution Fund. F
EDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, $71,250,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for reception and representation expenses. FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Federal Labor Relations Author-ity, pursuant to Reorganization Plan Num-bered 2 of 1978, and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, including services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and including hire of experts and consultants, hire of passenger motor ve-hicles, and including official reception and representation expenses (not to exceed $1,500) and rental of conference rooms in the Dis-trict of Columbia and elsewhere, $26,200,000: Provided, That public members of the Fed-eral Service Impasses Panel may be paid travel expenses and per diem in lieu of sub-sistence as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5703) for persons employed intermittently in the Government service, and compensation as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided further, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received from fees charged to non-Federal participants at labor-management relations conferences shall be credited to and merged with this account, to be available without further appropriation for the costs of car-rying out these conferences. F
EDERAL TRADE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Trade Commission, including uniforms or al-lowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $309,700,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $300,000 shall be available for use to contract with a person or persons for collection services in accordance with the terms of 31 U.S.C. 3718: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $136,000,000 of offsetting collections derived from fees collected for premerger notification filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $17,000,000 in offsetting collections derived from fees sufficient to implement and en-force the Telemarketing Sales Rule, promul-gated under the Telemarketing and Con-sumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), shall be credited to this account, and be retained and used for nec-essary expenses in this appropriation: Pro- vided further, That the sum herein appro-priated from the general fund shall be re-duced as such offsetting collections are re-ceived during fiscal year 2019, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $156,700,000: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Federal Trade Commission may be used to implement sub-section (e)(2)(B) of section 43 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831t). G
ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
REAL PROPERTY ACTIVITIES  
FEDERAL BUILDINGS FUND  
LIMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY OF REVENUE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Amounts in the Fund, including revenues and collections deposited into the Fund, shall be available for necessary expenses of real property management and related ac-tivities not otherwise provided for, including operation, maintenance, and protection of federally owned and leased buildings; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; res-toration of leased premises; moving govern-mental agencies (including space adjust-ments and telecommunications relocation expenses) in connection with the assignment, allocation, and transfer of space; contractual services incident to cleaning or servicing buildings, and moving; repair and alteration of federally owned buildings, including grounds, approaches, and appurtenances; care and safeguarding of sites; maintenance, preservation, demolition, and equipment; ac-quisition of buildings and sites by purchase, condemnation, or as otherwise authorized by law; acquisition of options to purchase build-ings and sites; conversion and extension of federally owned buildings; preliminary plan-ning and design of projects by contract or otherwise; construction of new buildings (in-cluding equipment for such buildings); and payment of principal, interest, and any other obligations for public buildings acquired by installment purchase and purchase contract; in the aggregate amount of $9,633,450,000, of which— (1) $1,080,068,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and acquisi-tion (including funds for sites and expenses, and associated design and construction serv-ices) as follows: (A) $767,900,000 shall be for the Department of Transportation Lease Purchase Option, Washington, District of Columbia; (B) $100,000,000 shall be for the DHS Con-solidation at St. Elizabeths, Washington, District of Columbia; (C) $27,268,000 shall be for the Former Hardesty Federal Complex, Kansas City, Mis-souri; (D) $9,000,000 shall be for the Southeast Federal Center Remediation, Washington, District of Columbia; and (E) $175,900,000 shall be for the Calexico West Land Port of Entry, Calexico, Cali-fornia: Provided, That each of the foregoing limits of costs on new construction and acquisition projects may be exceeded to the extent that savings are effected in other such projects, but not to exceed 10 percent of the amounts included in a transmitted prospectus, if re-quired, unless advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount; (2) $890,419,000 shall remain available until expended for repairs and alterations, includ-ing associated design and construction serv-ices, of which— (A) $424,690,000 is for Major Repairs and Al-terations; (B) $373,556,000 is for Basic Repairs and Al-terations; and (C) $92,173,000 is for Special Emphasis Pro-grams, of which— (i) $30,000,000 is for Fire and Life Safety; (ii) $11,500,000 is for Judiciary Capital Secu-rity; and (iii) $50,673,000 is for Consolidation Activi-ties: Provided, That consolidation projects result in reduced annual rent paid by the tenant agency: Provided further, That no con-solidation project exceed $10,000,000 in costs: Provided further, That consolidation projects are approved by each of the committees specified in section 3307(a) of title 40, United States Code: Provided further, That pref-erence is given to consolidation projects that achieve a utilization rate of 130 usable square feet or less per person for office space: Provided further, That the obligation of funds under this paragraph for consolidation ac-tivities may not be made until 10 days after a proposed spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken, including es-timated savings, has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5159 July 23, 2018 
Provided, That funds made available in this or any previous Act in the Federal Buildings Fund for Repairs and Alterations shall, for prospectus projects, be limited to the amount identified for each project, except each project in this or any previous Act may be increased by an amount not to exceed 10 percent unless advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount: Provided further, That addi- tional projects for which prospectuses have been fully approved may be funded under this category only if advance approval is ob-tained from the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That the amounts provided in this or any prior Act for ‘‘Re-pairs and Alterations’’ may be used to fund costs associated with implementing security improvements to buildings necessary to meet the minimum standards for security in accordance with current law and in compli-ance with the reprogramming guidelines of the appropriate Committees of the House and Senate: Provided further, That the dif-ference between the funds appropriated and expended on any projects in this or any prior Act, under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alter-ations’’, may be transferred to Basic Repairs and Alterations or used to fund authorized increases in prospectus projects: Provided further, That the amount provided in this or any prior Act for Basic Repairs and Alter-ations may be used to pay claims against the Government arising from any projects under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ or used to fund authorized increases in pro-spectus projects; (3) $5,418,845,000 for rental of space to re-main available until expended; and (4) $2,244,118,000 for building operations to remain available until expended: Provided, That the total amount of funds made avail-able from this Fund to the General Services Administration shall not be available for ex-penses of any construction, repair, alteration and acquisition project for which a pro-spectus, if required by 40 U.S.C. 3307(a), has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus: Provided further, That funds available in the Federal Buildings Fund may be expended for emergency repairs when advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations: Provided fur-ther, That amounts necessary to provide re-imbursable special services to other agencies under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2) and amounts to pro-vide such reimbursable fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government owner-ship or control as may be appropriate to en-able the United States Secret Service to per-form its protective functions pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3056, shall be available from such rev-enues and collections: Provided further, That revenues and collections and any other sums accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2019, excluding reimbursements under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2), in excess of the aggregate new obligational authority authorized for Real Property Activities of the Federal Buildings Fund in this Act shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expenditure ex-cept as authorized in appropriations Acts. 
GENERAL ACTIVITIES  
GOVERNMENT -WIDE POLICY  For expenses authorized by law, not other-wise provided for, for Government-wide pol-icy and evaluation activities associated with the management of real and personal prop-erty assets and certain administrative serv-ices; Government-wide policy support re-sponsibilities relating to acquisition, travel, motor vehicles, information technology management, and related technology activi-ties; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $58,499,000. OPERATING EXPENSES  For expenses authorized by law, not other-wise provided for, for Government-wide ac-tivities associated with utilization and dona-tion of surplus personal property; disposal of real property; agency-wide policy direction, management, and communications; and serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $49,440,000, of which not less than $26,890,000 is for Real and Personal Property Management and Dis-posal; and up to $22,550,000 is for the Office of the Administrator, of which not to exceed $7,500 is for official reception and representa-tion expenses. 
CIVILIAN BOARD OF CONTRACT APPEALS  For expenses authorized by law, not other-wise provided for, for the activities associ-ated with the Civilian Board of Contract Ap-peals, $9,301,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General and service authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $65,000,000: Provided, That not to exceed $50,000 shall be available for payment for information and detection of fraud against the Government, including payment for recovery of stolen Government property: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for awards to employees of other Federal agencies and private citizens in recognition of efforts and initiatives re-sulting in enhanced Office of Inspector Gen-eral effectiveness. In addition to the foregoing appropriation, $2,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be transferred to the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Effi-ciency for enhancements to www.oversight.gov: Provided, That these amounts shall be in addition to any other amounts available to the Council of the In-spectors General on Integrity and Efficiency for such purpose. 
ALLOWANCES AND OFFICE STAFF FOR FORMER  
PRESIDENTS  For carrying out the provisions of the Act of August 25, 1958 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), and Public Law 95–138, $4,796,000. 
FEDERAL CITIZEN SERVICES FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Products and Programs, including services authorized by 40 U.S.C. 323 and 44 U.S.C. 3604; and for necessary expenses in support of interagency projects that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to con-duct activities electronically, through the development and implementation of innova-tive uses of information technology; $55,000,000, to be deposited into the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided, That the previous amount may be transferred to Fed-eral agencies to carry out the purpose of the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided fur-ther, That the appropriations, revenues, re-imbursements, and collections deposited into the Fund shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of Federal Citizen Services and other activities that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities electronically in the aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000,000: Provided further, That appropriations, reve-nues, reimbursements, and collections accru-ing to this Fund during fiscal year 2019 in ex-cess of such amount shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expendi-ture except as authorized in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That the transfer au-thorities provided herein shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. ASSET PROCEEDS AND SPACE MANAGEMENT  F
UND For carrying out the purposes of the Fed-eral Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), $15,500,000, to be depos-ited into the Asset Proceeds and Space Man-agement Fund, to remain available until ex-pended. 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW IMPROVEMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of the Environ-mental Review Improvement Fund estab-lished pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 4370m–8(d), $6,070,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —GENERAL  
SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 520. Funds available to the General Services Administration shall be available for the hire of passenger motor vehicles. S
EC. 521. Funds in the Federal Buildings Fund made available for fiscal year 2019 for Federal Buildings Fund activities may be transferred between such activities only to the extent necessary to meet program re-quirements: Provided, That any proposed transfers shall be approved in advance by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 522. Except as otherwise provided in this title, funds made available by this Act shall be used to transmit a fiscal year 2020 request for United States Courthouse con-struction only if the request: (1) meets the design guide standards for construction as established and approved by the General Services Administration, the Judicial Con-ference of the United States, and the Office of Management and Budget; (2) reflects the priorities of the Judicial Conference of the United States as set out in its approved Courthouse Project Priorities plan; and (3) includes a standardized courtroom utiliza-tion study of each facility to be constructed, replaced, or expanded. S
EC. 523. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to increase the amount of occupiable square feet, provide cleaning services, security enhancements, or any other service usually provided through the Federal Buildings Fund, to any agency that does not pay the rate per square foot assess-ment for space and services as determined by the General Services Administration in con-sideration of the Public Buildings Amend-ments Act of 1972 (Public Law 92–313). S
EC. 524. From funds made available under the heading Federal Buildings Fund, Limita-tions on Availability of Revenue, claims against the Government of less than $250,000 arising from direct construction projects and acquisition of buildings may be liquidated from savings effected in other construction projects with prior notification to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 525. In any case in which the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate adopt a resolution granting lease authority pursuant to a pro-spectus transmitted to Congress by the Ad-ministrator of the General Services Adminis-tration under 40 U.S.C. 3307, the Adminis-trator shall ensure that the delineated area of procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus for all lease agreements, except that, if the Adminis-trator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the pro-spectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to each of such com-mittees and the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5160 July 23, 2018 
the Senate prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in the resolution. S
EC. 526. With respect to each project fund-ed under the heading ‘‘Major Repairs and Al-terations’’ or ‘‘Judiciary Capital Security Program’’, and with respect to E-Govern-ment projects funded under the heading ‘‘Federal Citizen Services Fund’’, the Admin-istrator of General Services shall submit a spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. H
ARRY S TRUMAN SCHOLARSHIP FOUNDATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For payment to the Harry S Truman Scholarship Foundation Trust Fund, estab-lished by section 10 of Public Law 93–642, $1,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. M
ERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Merit Systems Protection Board pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, and the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note), including services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and else-where, hire of passenger motor vehicles, di-rect procurement of survey printing, and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $44,490,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, and in ad-dition not to exceed $2,345,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for admin-istrative expenses to adjudicate retirement appeals to be transferred from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund in amounts determined by the Merit Systems Protection Board. M
ORRIS K. U DALL AND STEWART L. U DALL  F
OUNDATION  
MORRIS K . UDALL AND STEWART L . UDALL  
TRUST FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payment to the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Trust Fund, pursuant to the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act (20 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.), $1,875,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which, notwithstanding sections 8 and 9 of such Act: (1) up to $50,000 shall be used to conduct financial audits pursuant to the Accountability of Tax Dollars Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–289); and (2) up to $1,000,000 shall be available to carry out the activities authorized by section 6(7) of Public Law 102– 259 and section 817(a) of Public Law 106–568 (20 U.S.C. 5604(7)): Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading $200,000 shall be transferred to the Office of Inspector General of the Department of the Interior, to remain available until expended, for audits and investigations of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation, con-sistent with the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
ENVIRONMENTAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION FUND  For payment to the Environmental Dis-pute Resolution Fund to carry out activities authorized in the Environmental Policy and Conflict Resolution Act of 1998, $3,200,000, to remain available until expended. N
ATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in connection with the administration of the National Archives and Records Administration and archived Federal records and related activities, as provided by law, and for expenses necessary for the review and declassification of docu-ments, the activities of the Public Interest Declassification Board, the operations and maintenance of the electronic records ar-chives, the hire of passenger motor vehicles, and for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning, $375,105,000. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Reform Act of 2008, Public Law 110–409, 122 Stat. 4302–16 (2008), and the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), and for the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,801,000. 
REPAIRS AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improve-ment of archives facilities, and to provide adequate storage for holdings, $7,500,000, to remain available until expended. 
NATIONAL HISTORICAL PUBLICATIONS AND  
RECORDS COMMISSION  
GRANTS PROGRAM  For necessary expenses for allocations and grants for historical publications and records as authorized by 44 U.S.C. 2504, $6,000,000, to remain available until expended. N
ATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION  
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT REVOLVING LOAN  
FUND  For the Community Development Revolv-ing Loan Fund program as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 9812, 9822 and 9910, $2,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for tech-nical assistance to low-income designated credit unions. O
FFICE OF GOVERNMENT ETHICS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Office of Government Ethics pur-suant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Ethics Reform Act of 1989, and the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $1,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $16,439,000. O
FFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978 and the Civil Service Re-form Act of 1978, including services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; medical examina-tions performed for veterans by private phy-sicians on a fee basis; rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and else-where; hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; advances for reim-bursements to applicable funds of OPM and the Federal Bureau of Investigation for ex-penses incurred under Executive Order No. 10422 of January 9, 1953, as amended; and pay-ment of per diem and/or subsistence allow-ances to employees where Voting Rights Act activities require an employee to remain overnight at his or her post of duty, $132,172,000: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $14,000,000 shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2020, for information technology infrastructure modernization and Trust Fund Federal Financial System migra-tion or modernization, and shall be in addi-tion to funds otherwise made available for such purposes: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $639,018 may be made available for strengthening the capacity and capabilities of the acquisition workforce (as defined by the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act, as amended (41 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.)), in-cluding the recruitment, hiring, training, and retention of such workforce and infor-mation technology in support of acquisition workforce effectiveness or for management solutions to improve acquisition manage-ment; and in addition $133,483,000 for admin-istrative expenses, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of OPM without re-gard to other statutes, including direct pro-curement of printed materials, for the retire-ment and insurance programs: Provided fur-ther, That the provisions of this appropria-tion shall not affect the authority to use ap-plicable trust funds as provided by sections 8348(a)(1)(B), 8958(f)(2)(A), 8988(f)(2)(A), and 9004(f)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code: Provided further, That no part of this appro-priation shall be available for salaries and expenses of the Legal Examining Unit of OPM established pursuant to Executive Order No. 9358 of July 1, 1943, or any suc-cessor unit of like purpose: Provided further, That the President’s Commission on White House Fellows, established by Executive Order No. 11183 of October 3, 1964, may, dur-ing fiscal year 2019, accept donations of money, property, and personal services: Pro- vided further, That such donations, including those from prior years, may be used for the development of publicity materials to pro-vide information about the White House Fel-lows, except that no such donations shall be accepted for travel or reimbursement of travel expenses, or for the salaries of em-ployees of such Commission. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, hire of passenger motor vehicles, $5,000,000, and in addition, not to exceed $25,265,000 for administrative expenses to audit, investigate, and provide other over-sight of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment’s retirement and insurance programs, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, as determined by the Inspector Gen-eral: Provided, That the Inspector General is authorized to rent conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere. O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out func-tions of the Office of Special Counsel pursu-ant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–454), the Whistleblower Pro-tection Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–12) as amended by Public Law 107–304, the Whistle-blower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–199), and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–353), in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, payment of fees and expenses for wit-nesses, rental of conference rooms in the Dis-trict of Columbia and elsewhere, and hire of passenger motor vehicles; $26,535,000. P
OSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Postal Regu-latory Commission in carrying out the provi-sions of the Postal Accountability and En-hancement Act (Public Law 109–435), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5161 July 23, 2018 
$15,200,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as author-ized by section 603(a) of such Act. P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, as author-ized by section 1061 of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), $5,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020. S
ECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Securities and Exchange Commission, including serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, the rental of space (to include multiple year leases) in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, and not to exceed $3,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $1,658,302,000, to re-main available until expended; of which not less than $15,206,269 shall be for the Office of Inspector General; of which not to exceed $75,000 shall be available for a permanent secretariat for the International Organiza-tion of Securities Commissions; and of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for expenses for consultations and meetings hosted by the Commission with foreign gov-ernmental and other regulatory officials, members of their delegations and staffs to exchange views concerning securities mat-ters, such expenses to include necessary lo-gistic and administrative expenses and the expenses of Commission staff and foreign invitees in attendance including: (1) inci-dental expenses such as meals; (2) travel and transportation; and (3) related lodging or subsistence; and of which not less than $75,081,000 shall be for the Division of Eco-nomic and Risk Analysis. In addition to the foregoing appropriation, for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commission’s New York regional office facilities, not to exceed $37,188,942, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That for purposes of calcu-lating the fee rate under section 31(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee(j)) for fiscal year 2019, all amounts ap-propriated under this heading shall be deemed to be the regular appropriation to the Commission for fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That fees and charges authorized by section 31 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections: Provided further, That not to exceed $1,658,302,000 of such offsetting collections shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of this account and not to exceed $37,188,942 of such offsetting collections shall be available until expended for costs under this heading associ-ated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commission’s New York re-gional office facilities: Provided further, That the total amount appropriated under this heading from the general fund for fiscal year 2019 shall be reduced as such offsetting fees are received so as to result in a final total fiscal year 2019 appropriation from the gen-eral fund estimated at not more than $0: Pro- vided further, That if any amount of the ap-propriation for costs associated with reloca-tion under a replacement lease for the Com-mission’s New York regional office facilities is subsequently de-obligated by the Commis-sion, such amount that was derived from the general fund shall be returned to the general fund, and such amounts that were derived from fees or assessments collected for such purpose shall be paid to each national securi-ties exchange and national securities asso-ciation, respectively, in proportion to any fees or assessments paid by such national se-curities exchange or national securities asso-ciation under section 31 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) in fiscal year 2019. SELECTIVE SERVICE SYSTEM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Selective Service System, including expenses of at-tendance at meetings and of training for uni-formed personnel assigned to the Selective Service System, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 4101–4118 for civilian employees; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and not to exceed $750 for of-ficial reception and representation expenses; $26,000,000: Provided, That during the current fiscal year, the President may exempt this appropriation from the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 1341, whenever the President deems such action to be necessary in the interest of national defense: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be expended for or in connection with the in-duction of any person into the Armed Forces of the United States. S
MALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the Small Business Administra-tion, including hire of passenger motor vehi-cles as authorized by sections 1343 and 1344 of title 31, United States Code, and not to ex-ceed $3,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $267,500,000, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for examinations, reviews, and other lender oversight activities: Provided, That the Ad-ministrator is authorized to charge fees to cover the cost of publications developed by the Small Business Administration, and cer-tain loan program activities, including fees authorized by section 5(b) of the Small Busi-ness Act: Provided further, That, notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, revenues received from all such activities shall be credited to this account, to remain available until ex-pended, for carrying out these purposes with-out further appropriations: Provided further, That the Small Business Administration may accept gifts in an amount not to exceed $4,000,000 and may co-sponsor activities, each in accordance with section 132(a) of division K of Public Law 108–447, during fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That $6,100,000 shall be available for the Loan Modernization and Accounting System, to be available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That $3,000,000 shall be for the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program under sec-tion 34 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d). 
ENTREPRENEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of programs sup-porting entrepreneurial and small business development, $241,600,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That $130,000,000 shall be available to fund grants for performance in fiscal year 2019 or fiscal year 2020 as authorized by section 21 of the Small Business Act: Provided further, That $31,000,000 shall be for marketing, manage-ment, and technical assistance under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)) by intermediaries that make microloans under the microloan program: Provided further, That $18,000,000 shall be available for grants to States to carry out export programs that assist small business concerns authorized under section 22(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 649(l)). 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $21,900,000. OFFICE OF ADVOCACY  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ad-vocacy in carrying out the provisions of title II of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 634a et seq.) and the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), $9,120,000, to remain avail-able until expended. 
BUSINESS LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the cost of direct loans, $4,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2019 commitments to guar-antee loans under section 503 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not ex-ceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That dur- ing fiscal year 2019 commitments for general business loans authorized under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act shall not exceed $30,000,000,000 for a combination of amor-tizing term loans and the aggregated max-imum line of credit provided by revolving loans: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2019 commitments for loans authorized under subparagraph (C) of section 502(7) of The Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(7)) shall not exceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2019 commitments to guarantee loans for debentures under section 303(b) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not exceed $4,000,000,000: Provided fur-ther, That during fiscal year 2019, guarantees of trust certificates authorized by section 5(g) of the Small Business Act shall not ex-ceed a principal amount of $12,000,000,000. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $155,150,000, which may be trans-ferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —SMALL BUSINESS  
ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 530. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Small Business Adminis-tration in this Act may be transferred be-tween such appropriations, but no such ap-propriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. S
EC. 531. For loans and loan guarantees that do not require budget authority and the program level has been established in this Act, the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration may increase the pro-gram level for such loans and loan guaran-tees by not more than 10 percent: Provided, That prior to the Administrator imple-menting such an increase, the Administrator notifies, in writing, the Committees on Ap-propriations and Small Business of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in ad-vance. U
NITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE  
PAYMENT TO THE POSTAL SERVICE FUND  For payment to the Postal Service Fund for revenue forgone on free and reduced rate mail, pursuant to subsections (c) and (d) of section 2401 of title 39, United States Code, $55,235,000: Provided, That mail for overseas voting and mail for the blind shall continue to be free: Provided further, That 6-day deliv-ery and rural delivery of mail shall continue at not less than the 1983 level: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds made available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5162 July 23, 2018 
to the Postal Service by this Act shall be used to implement any rule, regulation, or policy of charging any officer or employee of any State or local child support enforcement agency, or any individual participating in a State or local program of child support en-forcement, a fee for information requested or provided concerning an address of a postal customer: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act shall be used to consolidate or close small rural and other small post offices. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $250,000,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as au-thorized by section 603(b)(3) of the Postal Ac-countability and Enhancement Act (Public Law 109–435). U
NITED STATES TAXCOURT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including contract reporting and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $51,515,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That travel expenses of the judges shall be paid upon the written certificate of the judge. TITLE VI GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT S
EC. 601. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, non-Federal parties intervening in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. S
EC. 602. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 603. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through procurement contract pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3109, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under exist-ing Executive order issued pursuant to exist-ing law. S
EC. 604. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tions Act. S
EC. 605. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for any activ-ity or for paying the salary of any Govern-ment employee where funding an activity or paying a salary to a Government employee would result in a decision, determination, rule, regulation, or policy that would pro-hibit the enforcement of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307). S
EC. 606. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity un-less the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with chap-ter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 607. No funds appropriated or other-wise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 608. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2019, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activ-ity for which funds have been denied or re-stricted by the Congress; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a specific activity by the Committee on Appropriations of either the House of Representatives or the Senate for a different purpose; (5) augments existing pro-grams, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or ac-tivities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) creates or reorganizes offices, programs, or activities unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That prior to any significant reorganization or restructuring of offices, programs, or activities, each agen-cy or entity funded in this Act shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a re-port to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That at a minimum the report shall include: (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget re-quest, adjustments made by Congress, ad-justments due to enacted rescissions, if ap-propriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appro-priation both by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in the budg-et appendix for the respective appropriation; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest: Provided further, That the amount appropriated or limited for sala-ries and expenses for an agency shall be re-duced by $100,000 per day for each day after the required date that the report has not been submitted to the Congress. SEC. 609. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2019 from appropria-tions made available for salaries and ex-penses for fiscal year 2019 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for each such account for the purposes au-thorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate for approval prior to the expendi-ture of such funds: Provided further, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines. S
EC. 610. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used by the Execu-tive Office of the President to request— (1) any official background investigation report on any individual from the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or (2) a determination with respect to the treatment of an organization as described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under sec-tion 501(a) of such Code from the Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply— (1) in the case of an official background in-vestigation report, if such individual has given express written consent for such re-quest not more than 6 months prior to the date of such request and during the same presidential administration; or (2) if such request is required due to ex-traordinary circumstances involving na-tional security. SEC. 611. The cost accounting standards promulgated under chapter 15 of title 41, United States Code shall not apply with re-spect to a contract under the Federal Em-ployees Health Benefits Program established under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 612. For the purpose of resolving liti-gation and implementing any settlement agreements regarding the nonforeign area cost-of-living allowance program, the Office of Personnel Management may accept and utilize (without regard to any restriction on unanticipated travel expenses imposed in an Appropriations Act) funds made available to the Office of Personnel Management pursu-ant to court approval. S
EC. 613. No funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay for an abortion, or the administrative expenses in connection with any health plan under the Federal em-ployees health benefits program which pro-vides any benefits or coverage for abortions. S
EC. 614. The provision of section 613 shall not apply where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. S
EC. 615. In order to promote Government access to commercial information tech-nology, the restriction on purchasing non-domestic articles, materials, and supplies set forth in chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (popularly known as the Buy American Act), shall not apply to the acquisition by the Federal Government of information technology (as defined in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code), that is a com-mercial item (as defined in section 103 of title 41, United States Code). S
EC. 616. Notwithstanding section 1353 of title 31, United States Code, no officer or em-ployee of any regulatory agency or commis-sion funded by this Act may accept on behalf of that agency, nor may such agency or com-mission accept, payment or reimbursement from a non-Federal entity for travel, subsist-ence, or related expenses for the purpose of enabling an officer or employee to attend and participate in any meeting or similar function relating to the official duties of the officer or employee when the entity offering payment or reimbursement is a person or en-tity subject to regulation by such agency or commission, or represents a person or entity subject to regulation by such agency or com-mission, unless the person or entity is an or-ganization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and ex-empt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code. S
EC. 617. Notwithstanding section 708 of this Act, funds made available to the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission by this or any other Act may be used for the inter-agency funding and sponsorship of a joint ad-visory committee to advise on emerging reg-ulatory issues. S
EC. 618. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an Executive agency cov-ered by this Act otherwise authorized to enter into contracts for either leases or the construction or alteration of real property for office, meeting, storage, or other space must consult with the General Services Ad-ministration before issuing a solicitation for offers of new leases or construction con-tracts, and in the case of succeeding leases, before entering into negotiations with the current lessor. (2) Any such agency with authority to enter into an emergency lease may do so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5163 July 23, 2018 
during any period declared by the President to require emergency leasing authority with respect to such agency. (b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Executive agency covered by this Act’’ means any Executive agency provided funds by this Act, but does not include the General Services Administration or the United States Postal Service. S
EC. 619. (a) There are appropriated for the following activities the amounts required under current law: (1) Compensation of the President (3 U.S.C. 102). (2) Payments to— (A) the Judicial Officers’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 377(o)); (B) the Judicial Survivors’ Annuities Fund (28 U.S.C. 376(c)); and (C) the United States Court of Federal Claims Judges’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 178(l)). (3) Payment of Government contribu-tions— (A) with respect to the health benefits of retired employees, as authorized by chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, and the Re-tired Federal Employees Health Benefits Act (74 Stat. 849); and (B) with respect to the life insurance bene-fits for employees retiring after December 31, 1989 (5 U.S.C. ch. 87). (4) Payment to finance the unfunded liabil-ity of new and increased annuity benefits under the Civil Service Retirement and Dis-ability Fund (5 U.S.C. 8348). (5) Payment of annuities authorized to be paid from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund by statutory provisions other than subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code. (b) Nothing in this section may be con-strued to exempt any amount appropriated by this section from any otherwise applica-ble limitation on the use of funds contained in this Act. S
EC. 620. In addition to amounts made available in prior fiscal years, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (Board) shall have authority to obligate funds for the scholarship program estab-lished by section 109(c)(2) of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–204) in an aggregate amount not exceeding the amount of funds collected by the Board between Jan-uary 1, 2018 and December 31, 2018, including accrued interest, as a result of the assess-ment of monetary penalties. Funds available for obligation in fiscal year 2019 shall remain available until expended. S
EC. 621. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Federal Trade Commission to complete the draft report en-titled ‘‘Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Children: Preliminary Proposed Nutrition Principles to Guide Industry Self- Regulatory Efforts’’ unless the Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Chil-dren complies with Executive Order No. 13563. S
EC. 622. None of the funds in this Act may be used for the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management to award a contract, enter an extension of, or exercise an option on a contract to a contractor conducting the final quality review processes for back-ground investigation fieldwork services or background investigation support services that, as of the date of the award of the con-tract, are being conducted by that con-tractor. S
EC. 623. (a) The head of each executive branch agency funded by this Act shall en-sure that the Chief Information Officer of the agency has the authority to participate in decisions regarding the budget planning process related to information technology. (b) Amounts appropriated for any execu-tive branch agency funded by this Act that are available for information technology shall be allocated within the agency, con-sistent with the provisions of appropriations Acts and budget guidelines and recommenda-tions from the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, in such manner as specified by, or approved by, the Chief Infor-mation Officer of the agency in consultation with the Chief Financial Officer of the agen-cy and budget officials. SEC. 624. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of chapter 29, 31, or 33 of title 44, United States Code. S
EC. 625. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a governmental entity to require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service to the public or remote computing service of the contents of a wire or electronic communica-tion that is in electronic storage with the provider (as such terms are defined in sec-tions 2510 and 2711 of title 18, United States Code) in a manner that violates the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. S
EC. 626. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Federal Commu-nications Commission to modify, amend, or change the rules or regulations of the Com-mission for universal service high-cost sup-port for competitive eligible telecommuni-cations carriers in a way that is inconsistent with paragraph (e)(5) or (e)(6) of section 54.307 of title 47, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on July 15, 2015: Provided, That this section shall not prohibit the Com-mission from considering, developing, or adopting other support mechanisms as an al-ternative to Mobility Fund Phase II. S
EC. 627. No funds provided in this Act shall be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials avail-able to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978, or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to the Inspector General and expressly limits the Inspector General’s right of access. A de-partment or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with ac-cess to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. Each In-spector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure rel-evant to the information provided by the es-tablishment over which that Inspector Gen-eral has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978. Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this requirement. S
EC. 628. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, adjudication ac-tivities, or other law enforcement- or victim assistance-related activity. S
EC. 629. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used by the Securities and Exchange Commission to finalize, issue, or implement any rule, regulation, or order regarding the disclosure of political con-tributions, contributions to tax exempt orga-nizations, or dues paid to trade associations. S
EC. 630. None of the funds appropriated or other-wise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractors whose performance has been judged to be below satisfactory, behind schedule, over budget, or has failed to meet the basic requirements of a contract, unless the Agency determines that any such devi-ations are due to unforeseeable events, government- driven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program and unless such awards or incentive fees are consistent with 16.401(e)(2) of the FAR. SEC. 631. (a) None of the funds made avail-able under this Act may be used to pay for travel and conference activities that result in a total cost to an Executive branch de-partment, agency, board or commission of more than $500,000 at any single conference unless the head of the Executive branch de-partment, agency, board, or commission de-termines that such attendance is in the na-tional interest and advance notice is trans-mitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate that includes the basis of that deter-mination. (b) None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to pay for the travel to or attendance of more than 50 employees, who are stationed in the United States, at any single conference occurring outside the United States unless the head of the Execu-tive branch department, agency, board, or commission determines that such attendance is in the national interest and advance no-tice is transmitted to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that includes the basis of that determination. S
EC. 632. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by departments and agencies funded in this Act to acquire telecommuni-cations equipment produced by Huawei Tech-nologies Company, ZTE Corporation or a high-impact or moderate-impact information system, as defined for security categoriza-tion in the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s (NIST) Federal Informa-tion Processing Standard Publication 199, ‘‘Standards for Security Categorization of Federal Information and Information Sys-tems’’ unless the agency has— (1) reviewed the supply chain risk for the information systems against criteria devel-oped by NIST to inform acquisition decisions for high-impact and moderate-impact infor-mation systems within the Federal Govern-ment; (2) reviewed the supply chain risk from the presumptive awardee against available and relevant threat information provided by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other appropriate agencies; and (3) in consultation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation or other appropriate Federal entity, conducted an assessment of any risk of cyber-espionage or sabotage associated with the acquisition of such system, includ-ing any risk associated with such system being produced, manufactured, or assembled by one or more entities identified by the United States Government as posing a cyber threat, including but not limited to, those that may be owned, directed, or subsidized by the People’s Republic of China, the Is-lamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, or the Russian Fed-eration. (b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available under this Act may be used to acquire a high-impact or moderate impact information system reviewed and as-sessed under subsection (a) unless the head of the assessing entity described in sub-section (a) has— (1) developed, in consultation with NIST and supply chain risk management experts, a mitigation strategy for any identified risks; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5164 July 23, 2018 
(2) determined, in consultation with NIST and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, that the acquisition of such system is in the vital national security interest of the United States; and (3) reported that determination to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in a man-ner that identifies the system intended for acquisition and a detailed description of the mitigation strategies identified in (1), pro-vided that such report may include a classi-fied annex as necessary. S
EC. 633. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used for airline accom-modations for any officer (as defined in sec-tion 2104 of title 5, United States Code) or employee (as defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code) in the executive branch that are not coach-class accommoda-tions (which term is defined, for purposes of this section, as the basic class of accommo-dation by airlines that is normally the low-est fare offered regardless of airline termi-nology used, and (as referred to by airlines) may include tourist class or economy class, as well as single class when the airline offers only one class of accommodations to all travelers), unless such accommodations are consistent with section 301–10.123 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act) and, with respect to subsection (a)(3) and (b)(2) of such section, written authorization is provided by the head of the agency (or, if the accom-modations are for the head of the agency, by the Inspector General of the agency). TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS—GOVERNMENT- WIDE D
EPARTMENTS , AGENCIES , ANDCORPORATIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 701. No department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States receiving ap-propriated funds under this or any other Act for fiscal year 2019 shall obligate or expend any such funds, unless such department, agency, or instrumentality has in place, and will continue to administer in good faith, a written policy designed to ensure that all of its workplaces are free from the illegal use, possession, or distribution of controlled sub-stances (as defined in the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)) by the officers and employees of such department, agency, or instrumentality. S
EC. 702. Unless otherwise specifically pro-vided, the maximum amount allowable dur-ing the current fiscal year in accordance with subsection 1343(c) of title 31, United States Code, for the purchase of any pas-senger motor vehicle (exclusive of buses, am-bulances, law enforcement vehicles, protec-tive vehicles, and undercover surveillance vehicles), is hereby fixed at $19,947 except station wagons for which the maximum shall be $19,997: Provided, That these limits may be exceeded by not to exceed $7,250 for police- type vehicles: Provided further, That the lim-its set forth in this section may not be ex-ceeded by more than 5 percent for electric or hybrid vehicles purchased for demonstration under the provisions of the Electric and Hy-brid Vehicle Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1976: Provided further, That the limits set forth in this section may be exceeded by the incremental cost of clean alternative fuels vehicles acquired pursuant to Public Law 101–549 over the cost of com-parable conventionally fueled vehicles: Pro- vided further, That the limits set forth in this section shall not apply to any vehicle that is a commercial item and which operates on al-ternative fuel, including but not limited to electric, plug-in hybrid electric, and hydro-gen fuel cell vehicles. SEC. 703. Appropriations of the executive departments and independent establishments for the current fiscal year available for ex-penses of travel, or for the expenses of the activity concerned, are hereby made avail-able for quarters allowances and cost-of-liv-ing allowances, in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 5922–5924. S
EC. 704. Unless otherwise specified in law during the current fiscal year, no part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be used to pay the compensation of any officer or employee of the Government of the United States (including any agency the majority of the stock of which is owned by the Government of the United States) whose post of duty is in the continental United States unless such person: (1) is a cit-izen of the United States; (2) is a person who is lawfully admitted for permanent residence and is seeking citizenship as outlined in 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)(B); (3) is a person who is admitted as a refugee under 8 U.S.C. 1157 or is granted asylum under 8 U.S.C. 1158 and has filed a declaration of intention to become a lawful permanent resident and then a citizen when eligible; or (4) is a person who owes al-legiance to the United States: Provided, That for purposes of this section, affidavits signed by any such person shall be considered prima facie evidence that the requirements of this section with respect to his or her status are being complied with: Provided further, That for purposes of subsections (2) and (3) such affidavits shall be submitted prior to em-ployment and updated thereafter as nec-essary: Provided further, That any person making a false affidavit shall be guilty of a felony, and upon conviction, shall be fined no more than $4,000 or imprisoned for not more than 1 year, or both: Provided further, That the above penal clause shall be in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other provisions of existing law: Provided further, That any payment made to any officer or employee contrary to the provisions of this section shall be recoverable in action by the Federal Government: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to any person who is an officer or employee of the Govern-ment of the United States on the date of en-actment of this Act, or to international broadcasters employed by the Broadcasting Board of Governors, or to temporary employ-ment of translators, or to temporary em-ployment in the field service (not to exceed 60 days) as a result of emergencies: Provided further, That this section does not apply to the employment as Wildland firefighters for not more than 120 days of nonresident aliens employed by the Department of the Interior or the USDA Forest Service pursuant to an agreement with another country. S
EC. 705. Appropriations available to any department or agency during the current fis-cal year for necessary expenses, including maintenance or operating expenses, shall also be available for payment to the General Services Administration for charges for space and services and those expenses of ren-ovation and alteration of buildings and fa-cilities which constitute public improve-ments performed in accordance with the Public Buildings Act of 1959 (73 Stat. 479), the Public Buildings Amendments of 1972 (86 Stat. 216), or other applicable law. S
EC. 706. In addition to funds provided in this or any other Act, all Federal agencies are authorized to receive and use funds re-sulting from the sale of materials, including Federal records disposed of pursuant to a records schedule recovered through recycling or waste prevention programs. Such funds shall be available until expended for the fol-lowing purposes: (1) Acquisition, waste reduction and pre-vention, and recycling programs as described in Executive Order No. 13693 (March 19, 2015), including any such programs adopted prior to the effective date of the Executive order. (2) Other Federal agency environmental management programs, including, but not limited to, the development and implemen-tation of hazardous waste management and pollution prevention programs. (3) Other employee programs as authorized by law or as deemed appropriate by the head of the Federal agency. SEC. 707. Funds made available by this or any other Act for administrative expenses in the current fiscal year of the corporations and agencies subject to chapter 91 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available, in ad-dition to objects for which such funds are otherwise available, for rent in the District of Columbia; services in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 3109; and the objects specified under this head, all the provisions of which shall be applicable to the expenditure of such funds unless otherwise specified in the Act by which they are made available: Provided, That in the event any functions budgeted as administrative expenses are subsequently transferred to or paid from other funds, the limitations on administrative expenses shall be correspondingly reduced. S
EC. 708. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be available for interagency financing of boards (except Federal Executive Boards), commis-sions, councils, committees, or similar groups (whether or not they are interagency entities) which do not have a prior and spe-cific statutory approval to receive financial support from more than one agency or in-strumentality. S
EC. 709. None of the funds made available pursuant to the provisions of this or any other Act shall be used to implement, admin-ister, or enforce any regulation which has been disapproved pursuant to a joint resolu-tion duly adopted in accordance with the ap-plicable law of the United States. S
EC. 710. During the period in which the head of any department or agency, or any other officer or civilian employee of the Fed-eral Government appointed by the President of the United States, holds office, no funds may be obligated or expended in excess of $5,000 to furnish or redecorate the office of such department head, agency head, officer, or employee, or to purchase furniture or make improvements for any such office, un-less advance notice of such furnishing or re-decoration is transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate. For the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘office’’ shall include the entire suite of offices assigned to the in-dividual, as well as any other space used pri-marily by the individual or the use of which is directly controlled by the individual. S
EC. 711. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the inter-agency funding of national security and emergency preparedness telecommunications initiatives which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities, as pro-vided by Executive Order No. 13618 (July 6, 2012). S
EC. 712. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this or any other Act may be obli-gated or expended by any department, agen-cy, or other instrumentality of the Federal Government to pay the salaries or expenses of any individual appointed to a position of a confidential or policy-determining char-acter that is excepted from the competitive service under section 3302 of title 5, United States Code, (pursuant to schedule C of sub-part C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations) unless the head of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5165 July 23, 2018 
applicable department, agency, or other in-strumentality employing such schedule C in-dividual certifies to the Director of the Of-fice of Personnel Management that the schedule C position occupied by the indi-vidual was not created solely or primarily in order to detail the individual to the White House. (b) The provisions of this section shall not apply to Federal employees or members of the armed forces detailed to or from an ele-ment of the intelligence community (as that term is defined under section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))). S
EC. 713. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be available for the payment of the salary of any officer or employee of the Federal Gov-ernment, who— (1) prohibits or prevents, or attempts or threatens to prohibit or prevent, any other officer or employee of the Federal Govern-ment from having any direct oral or written communication or contact with any Member, committee, or subcommittee of the Congress in connection with any matter pertaining to the employment of such other officer or em-ployee or pertaining to the department or agency of such other officer or employee in any way, irrespective of whether such com-munication or contact is at the initiative of such other officer or employee or in response to the request or inquiry of such Member, committee, or subcommittee; or (2) removes, suspends from duty without pay, demotes, reduces in rank, seniority, sta-tus, pay, or performance or efficiency rating, denies promotion to, relocates, reassigns, transfers, disciplines, or discriminates in re-gard to any employment right, entitlement, or benefit, or any term or condition of em-ployment of, any other officer or employee of the Federal Government, or attempts or threatens to commit any of the foregoing ac-tions with respect to such other officer or employee, by reason of any communication or contact of such other officer or employee with any Member, committee, or sub-committee of the Congress as described in paragraph (1). S
EC. 714. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this or any other Act may be obli-gated or expended for any employee training that— (1) does not meet identified needs for knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing di-rectly upon the performance of official du-ties; (2) contains elements likely to induce high levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; (3) does not require prior employee notifi-cation of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evaluation; (4) contains any methods or content associ-ated with religious or quasi-religious belief systems or ‘‘new age’’ belief systems as de-fined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Notice N–915.022, dated Sep-tember 2, 1988; or (5) is offensive to, or designed to change, participants’ personal values or lifestyle out-side the workplace. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. S
EC. 715. No part of any funds appropriated in this or any other Act shall be used by an agency of the executive branch, other than for normal and recognized executive-legisla-tive relationships, for publicity or propa-ganda purposes, and for the preparation, dis-tribution or use of any kit, pamphlet, book-let, publication, radio, television, or film presentation designed to support or defeat legislation pending before the Congress, ex-cept in presentation to the Congress itself. SEC. 716. None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act may be used by an agency to provide a Federal employee’s home address to any labor organization ex-cept when the employee has authorized such disclosure or when such disclosure has been ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. S
EC. 717. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pro-vide any non-public information such as mailing, telephone or electronic mailing lists to any person or any organization out-side of the Federal Government without the approval of the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate. S
EC. 718. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this or any other Act shall be used directly or indirectly, including by private contractor, for publicity or propaganda pur-poses within the United States not here-tofore authorized by Congress. S
EC. 719. (a) In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’— (1) means an Executive agency, as defined under 5 U.S.C. 105; and (2) includes a military department, as de-fined under section 102 of such title, the United States Postal Service, and the Postal Regulatory Commission. (b) Unless authorized in accordance with law or regulations to use such time for other purposes, an employee of an agency shall use official time in an honest effort to perform official duties. An employee not under a leave system, including a Presidential ap-pointee exempted under 5 U.S.C. 6301(2), has an obligation to expend an honest effort and a reasonable proportion of such employee’s time in the performance of official duties. S
EC. 720. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, funds made avail-able for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act to any department or agency, which is a member of the Federal Account-ing Standards Advisory Board (FASAB), shall be available to finance an appropriate share of FASAB administrative costs. S
EC. 721. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, the head of each Executive department and agency is hereby authorized to transfer to or reimburse ‘‘Gen-eral Services Administration, Government- wide Policy’’ with the approval of the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act, including re-bates from charge card and other contracts: Provided, That these funds shall be adminis-tered by the Administrator of General Serv-ices to support Government-wide and other multi-agency financial, information tech-nology, procurement, and other management innovations, initiatives, and activities, in-cluding improving coordination and reducing duplication, as approved by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the appropriate inter-agency and multi-agency groups designated by the Director (including the President’s Management Council for overall manage-ment improvement initiatives, the Chief Fi-nancial Officers Council for financial man-agement initiatives, the Chief Information Officers Council for information technology initiatives, the Chief Human Capital Officers Council for human capital initiatives, the Chief Acquisition Officers Council for pro-curement initiatives, and the Performance Improvement Council for performance im-provement initiatives): Provided further, That the total funds transferred or reim-bursed shall not exceed $15,000,000 to improve coordination, reduce duplication, and for other activities related to Federal Govern-ment Priority Goals established by 31 U.S.C. 1120, and not to exceed $17,000,000 for Govern-ment-Wide innovations, initiatives, and ac-tivities: Provided further, That the funds transferred to or for reimbursement of ‘‘Gen-eral Services Administration, Government- wide Policy’’ during fiscal year 2019 shall re-main available for obligation through Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided further, That such transfers or reimbursements may only be made after 15 days following notification of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. SEC. 722. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, a woman may breastfeed her child at any location in a Federal building or on Federal property, if the woman and her child are otherwise authorized to be present at the location. S
EC. 723. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the inter-agency funding of specific projects, work-shops, studies, and similar efforts to carry out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Council (authorized by Execu-tive Order No. 12881), which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities: Provided, That the Office of Management and Budget shall provide a report describing the budget of and resources connected with the National Science and Technology Council to the Committees on Appropriations, the House Committee on Science and Tech-nology, and the Senate Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation 90 days after enactment of this Act. S
EC. 724. Any request for proposals, solici-tation, grant application, form, notification, press release, or other publications involving the distribution of Federal funds shall com-ply with any relevant requirements in part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided, That this section shall apply to di-rect payments, formula funds, and grants re-ceived by a State receiving Federal funds. S
EC. 725. (a) P ROHIBITION OF FEDERAL AGEN-
CYMONITORING OF INDIVIDUALS ’ INTERNET  U
SE.—None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by any Federal agency— (1) to collect, review, or create any aggre-gation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable informa-tion relating to an individual’s access to or use of any Federal Government Internet site of the agency; or (2) to enter into any agreement with a third party (including another government agency) to collect, review, or obtain any ag-gregation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable in-formation relating to an individual’s access to or use of any nongovernmental Internet site. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The limitations estab-lished in subsection (a) shall not apply to— (1) any record of aggregate data that does not identify particular persons; (2) any voluntary submission of personally identifiable information; (3) any action taken for law enforcement, regulatory, or supervisory purposes, in ac-cordance with applicable law; or (4) any action described in subsection (a)(1) that is a system security action taken by the operator of an Internet site and is nec-essarily incident to providing the Internet site services or to protecting the rights or property of the provider of the Internet site. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) The term ‘‘regulatory’’ means agency actions to implement, interpret or enforce authorities provided in law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5166 July 23, 2018 
(2) The term ‘‘supervisory’’ means exami-nations of the agency’s supervised institu-tions, including assessing safety and sound-ness, overall financial condition, manage-ment practices and policies and compliance with applicable standards as provided in law. S
EC. 726. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to enter into or renew a contract which includes a provision providing prescription drug coverage, except where the contract also includes a provision for contraceptive coverage. (b) Nothing in this section shall apply to a contract with— (1) any of the following religious plans: (A) Personal Care’s HMO; and (B) OSF HealthPlans, Inc.; and (2) any existing or future plan, if the car-rier for the plan objects to such coverage on the basis of religious beliefs. (c) In implementing this section, any plan that enters into or renews a contract under this section may not subject any individual to discrimination on the basis that the indi-vidual refuses to prescribe or otherwise pro-vide for contraceptives because such activi-ties would be contrary to the individual’s re-ligious beliefs or moral convictions. (d) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to require coverage of abortion or abortion-related services. S
EC. 727. The United States is committed to ensuring the health of its Olympic, Pan American, and Paralympic athletes, and sup-ports the strict adherence to anti-doping in sport through testing, adjudication, edu-cation, and research as performed by nation-ally recognized oversight authorities. S
EC. 728. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds appropriated for official travel to Federal departments and agencies may be used by such departments and agen-cies, if consistent with Office of Management and Budget Circular A–126 regarding official travel for Government personnel, to partici-pate in the fractional aircraft ownership pilot program. S
EC. 729. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this or any other ap-propriations Act may be used to implement or enforce restrictions or limitations on the Coast Guard Congressional Fellowship Pro-gram, or to implement the proposed regula-tions of the Office of Personnel Management to add sections 300.311 through 300.316 to part 300 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regula-tions, published in the Federal Register, vol-ume 68, number 174, on September 9, 2003 (re-lating to the detail of executive branch em-ployees to the legislative branch). S
EC. 730. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no executive branch agency shall purchase, construct, or lease any additional facilities, except within or contiguous to ex-isting locations, to be used for the purpose of conducting Federal law enforcement train-ing without the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training which can-not be accommodated in existing Center fa-cilities. S
EC. 731. Unless otherwise authorized by existing law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act may be used by an ex-ecutive branch agency to produce any pre-packaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States, unless the story includes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. S
EC. 732. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of section 552a of title 5, United States Code (popularly known as the Privacy Act), and regulations implementing that section. SEC. 733. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this or any other Act may be used for any Federal Government contract with any foreign incorporated entity which is treated as an inverted domestic corporation under section 835(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(b)) or any subsidiary of such an entity. (b) W
AIVERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any Secretary shall waive subsection (a) with respect to any Federal Government contract under the authority of such Secretary if the Secretary determines that the waiver is required in the interest of national security. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Any Secretary issuing a waiver under paragraph (1) shall re-port such issuance to Congress. (c) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not apply to any Federal Government contract entered into before the date of the enact-ment of this Act, or to any task order issued pursuant to such contract. S
EC. 734. During fiscal year 2019, for each employee who— (1) retires under section 8336(d)(2) or 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code; or (2) retires under any other provision of subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of such title 5 and receives a payment as an in-centive to separate, the separating agency shall remit to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund an amount equal to the Office of Personnel Management’s average unit cost of processing a retirement claim for the preceding fiscal year. Such amounts shall be available until expended to the Of-fice of Personnel Management and shall be deemed to be an administrative expense under section 8348(a)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 735. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this or any other Act may be used to recommend or require any entity submitting an offer for a Federal contract to disclose any of the following information as a condi-tion of submitting the offer: (1) Any payment consisting of a contribu-tion, expenditure, independent expenditure, or disbursement for an electioneering com-munication that is made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to a candidate for election for Federal office or to a political committee, or that is otherwise made with respect to any election for Federal office. (2) Any disbursement of funds (other than a payment described in paragraph (1)) made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to any person with the intent or the reasonable expecta-tion that the person will use the funds to make a payment described in paragraph (1). (b) In this section, each of the terms ‘‘con-tribution’’, ‘‘expenditure’’, ‘‘independent ex-penditure’’, ‘‘electioneering communica-tion’’, ‘‘candidate’’, ‘‘election’’, and ‘‘Federal office’’ has the meaning given such term in the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.). S
EC. 736. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay for the painting of a portrait of an officer or employee of the Federal government, includ-ing the President, the Vice President, a member of Congress (including a Delegate or a Resident Commissioner to Congress), the head of an executive branch agency (as de-fined in section 133 of title 41, United States Code), or the head of an office of the legisla-tive branch. S
EC. 737. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except as otherwise provided in this section, no part of any of the funds appropriated for fiscal year 2019, by this or any other Act, may be used to pay any prevailing rate employee described in section 5342(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code— (A) during the period from the date of expi-ration of the limitation imposed by the com-parable section for the previous fiscal years until the normal effective date of the appli-cable wage survey adjustment that is to take effect in fiscal year 2019, in an amount that exceeds the rate payable for the applicable grade and step of the applicable wage sched-ule in accordance with such section; and (B) during the period consisting of the re-mainder of fiscal year 2019, in an amount that exceeds, as a result of a wage survey ad-justment, the rate payable under subpara-graph (A) by more than the sum of— (i) the percentage adjustment taking effect in fiscal year 2019 under section 5303 of title 5, United States Code, in the rates of pay under the General Schedule; and (ii) the difference between the overall aver-age percentage of the locality-based com-parability payments taking effect in fiscal year 2019 under section 5304 of such title (whether by adjustment or otherwise), and the overall average percentage of such pay-ments which was effective in the previous fiscal year under such section. (2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no prevailing rate employee described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 5342(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, and no em-ployee covered by section 5348 of such title, may be paid during the periods for which paragraph (1) is in effect at a rate that ex-ceeds the rates that would be payable under paragraph (1) were paragraph (1) applicable to such employee. (3) For the purposes of this subsection, the rates payable to an employee who is covered by this subsection and who is paid from a schedule not in existence on September 30, 2018, shall be determined under regulations prescribed by the Office of Personnel Man-agement. (4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, rates of premium pay for employees sub-ject to this subsection may not be changed from the rates in effect on September 30, 2018, except to the extent determined by the Office of Personnel Management to be con-sistent with the purpose of this subsection. (5) This subsection shall apply with respect to pay for service performed after September 30, 2018. (6) For the purpose of administering any provision of law (including any rule or regu-lation that provides premium pay, retire-ment, life insurance, or any other employee benefit) that requires any deduction or con-tribution, or that imposes any requirement or limitation on the basis of a rate of salary or basic pay, the rate of salary or basic pay payable after the application of this sub-section shall be treated as the rate of salary or basic pay. (7) Nothing in this subsection shall be con-sidered to permit or require the payment to any employee covered by this subsection at a rate in excess of the rate that would be pay-able were this subsection not in effect. (8) The Office of Personnel Management may provide for exceptions to the limita-tions imposed by this subsection if the Office determines that such exceptions are nec-essary to ensure the recruitment or reten-tion of qualified employees. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the ad-justment in rates of basic pay for the statu-tory pay systems that take place in fiscal year 2019 under sections 5344 and 5348 of title 5, United States Code, shall be— (1) not less than the percentage received by employees in the same location whose rates of basic pay are adjusted pursuant to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5167 July 23, 2018 
statutory pay systems under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code: Pro- vided, That prevailing rate employees at lo-cations where there are no employees whose pay is increased pursuant to sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code, and prevailing rate employees described in sec-tion 5343(a)(5) of title 5, United States Code, shall be considered to be located in the pay locality designated as ‘‘Rest of United States’’ pursuant to section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, for purposes of this sub-section; and (2) effective as of the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018. S
EC. 738. (a) The Vice President may not receive a pay raise in calendar year 2019, not-withstanding the rate adjustment made under section 104 of title 3, United States Code, or any other provision of law. (b) An employee serving in an Executive Schedule position, or in a position for which the rate of pay is fixed by statute at an Ex-ecutive Schedule rate, may not receive a pay rate increase in calendar year 2019, notwith-standing schedule adjustments made under section 5318 of title 5, United States Code, or any other provision of law, except as pro-vided in subsection (g), (h), or (i). This sub-section applies only to employees who are holding a position under a political appoint-ment. (c) A chief of mission or ambassador at large may not receive a pay rate increase in calendar year 2019, notwithstanding section 401 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–465) or any other provision of law, ex-cept as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i). (d) Notwithstanding sections 5382 and 5383 of title 5, United States Code, a pay rate in-crease may not be received in calendar year 2019 (except as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i)) by— (1) a noncareer appointee in the Senior Ex-ecutive Service paid a rate of basic pay at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule; or (2) a limited term appointee or limited emergency appointee in the Senior Execu-tive Service serving under a political ap-pointment and paid a rate of basic pay at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule. (e) Any employee paid a rate of basic pay (including any locality-based payments under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, or similar authority) at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule who serves under a political appointment may not re-ceive a pay rate increase in calendar year 2019, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i). This subsection does not apply to em-ployees in the General Schedule pay system or the Foreign Service pay system, or to em-ployees appointed under section 3161 of title 5, United States Code, or to employees in an-other pay system whose position would be classified at GS–15 or below if chapter 51 of title 5, United States Code, applied to them. (f) Nothing in subsections (b) through (e) shall prevent employees who do not serve under a political appointment from receiving pay increases as otherwise provided under applicable law. (g) A career appointee in the Senior Execu-tive Service who receives a Presidential ap-pointment and who makes an election to re-tain Senior Executive Service basic pay enti-tlements under section 3392 of title 5, United States Code, is not subject to this section. (h) A member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice who receives a Presidential appointment to any position in the executive branch and who makes an election to retain Senior For-eign Service pay entitlements under section 302(b) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–465) is not subject to this sec-tion. (i) Notwithstanding subsections (b) through (e), an employee in a covered posi-tion may receive a pay rate increase upon an authorized movement to a different covered position with higher-level duties and a pre- established higher level or range of pay, ex-cept that any such increase must be based on the rates of pay and applicable pay limita-tions in effect on December 31, 2013. (j) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for an individual who is newly appointed to a covered position during the period of time subject to this section, the initial pay rate shall be based on the rates of pay and applicable pay limitations in effect on De-cember 31, 2013. (k) If an employee affected by subsections (b) through (e) is subject to a biweekly pay period that begins in calendar year 2019 but ends in calendar year 2020, the bar on the em-ployee’s receipt of pay rate increases shall apply through the end of that pay period. S
EC. 739. (a) The head of any Executive branch department, agency, board, commis-sion, or office funded by this or any other ap-propriations Act shall submit annual reports to the Inspector General or senior ethics offi-cial for any entity without an Inspector Gen-eral, regarding the costs and contracting procedures related to each conference held by any such department, agency, board, com-mission, or office during fiscal year 2019 for which the cost to the United States Govern-ment was more than $100,000. (b) Each report submitted shall include, for each conference described in subsection (a) held during the applicable period— (1) a description of its purpose; (2) the number of participants attending; (3) a detailed statement of the costs to the United States Government, including— (A) the cost of any food or beverages; (B) the cost of any audio-visual services; (C) the cost of employee or contractor travel to and from the conference; and (D) a discussion of the methodology used to determine which costs relate to the con-ference; and (4) a description of the contracting proce-dures used including— (A) whether contracts were awarded on a competitive basis; and (B) a discussion of any cost comparison conducted by the departmental component or office in evaluating potential contractors for the conference. (c) Within 15 days after the end of a quar-ter, the head of any such department, agen-cy, board, commission, or office shall notify the Inspector General or senior ethics offi-cial for any entity without an Inspector Gen-eral, of the date, location, and number of em-ployees attending a conference held by any Executive branch department, agency, board, commission, or office funded by this or any other appropriations Act during fiscal year 2019 for which the cost to the United States Government was more than $20,000. (d) A grant or contract funded by amounts appropriated by this or any other appropria-tions Act may not be used for the purpose of defraying the costs of a conference described in subsection (c) that is not directly and pro-grammatically related to the purpose for which the grant or contract was awarded, such as a conference held in connection with planning, training, assessment, review, or other routine purposes related to a project funded by the grant or contract. (e) None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used for travel and conference activities that are not in compliance with Office of Manage-ment and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012 or any subsequent revi-sions to that memorandum. S
EC. 740. None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used to increase, eliminate, or reduce funding for a program, project, or activity as proposed in the President’s budget request for a fiscal year until such proposed change is subsequently enacted in an appropriation Act, or unless such change is made pursuant to the reprogramming or transfer provisions of this or any other appropriations Act. SEC. 741. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to im-plement, administer, enforce, or apply the rule entitled ‘‘Competitive Area’’ published by the Office of Personnel Management in the Federal Register on April 15, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 20180 et seq.). S
EC. 742. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to begin or announce a study or public-private competition re-garding the conversion to contractor per-formance of any function performed by Fed-eral employees pursuant to Office of Manage-ment and Budget Circular A–76 or any other administrative regulation, directive, or pol-icy. S
EC. 743. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be available for a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with an en-tity that requires employees or contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or con-tractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a Fed-eral department or agency authorized to re-ceive such information. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not contravene requirements applicable to Standard Form 312, Form 4414, or any other form issued by a Federal department or agency governing the nondisclosure of classi-fied information. S
EC. 744. (a) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or enforce the agreements in Standard Forms 312 and 4414 of the Government or any other nondisclosure policy, form, or agree-ment if such policy, form, or agreement does not contain the following provisions: ‘‘These provisions are consistent with and do not su-persede, conflict with, or otherwise alter the employee obligations, rights, or liabilities created by existing statute or Executive order relating to (1) classified information, (2) communications to Congress, (3) the re-porting to an Inspector General of a viola-tion of any law, rule, or regulation, or mis-management, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and spe-cific danger to public health or safety, or (4) any other whistleblower protection. The definitions, requirements, obligations, rights, sanctions, and liabilities created by controlling Executive orders and statutory provisions are incorporated into this agree-ment and are controlling.’’: Provided, That notwithstanding the preceding provision of this section, a nondisclosure policy form or agreement that is to be executed by a person connected with the conduct of an intel-ligence or intelligence-related activity, other than an employee or officer of the United States Government, may contain pro-visions appropriate to the particular activity for which such document is to be used. Such form or agreement shall, at a minimum, re-quire that the person will not disclose any classified information received in the course of such activity unless specifically author-ized to do so by the United States Govern-ment. Such nondisclosure forms shall also make it clear that they do not bar disclo-sures to Congress, or to an authorized offi-cial of an executive agency or the Depart-ment of Justice, that are essential to report-ing a substantial violation of law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5168 July 23, 2018 
(b) A nondisclosure agreement may con-tinue to be implemented and enforced not-withstanding subsection (a) if it complies with the requirements for such agreement that were in effect when the agreement was entered into. (c) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or en-force any agreement entered into during fis-cal year 2014 which does not contain substan-tially similar language to that required in subsection (a). S
EC. 745. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of un-derstanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been as-sessed, for which all judicial and administra-tive remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. S
EC. 746. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of un-derstanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that was con-victed of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determina-tion that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. S
EC. 747. (a) During fiscal year 2019, on the date on which a request is made for a trans-fer of funds in accordance with section 1017 of Public Law 111–203, the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate of such request. (b) Any notification required by this sec-tion shall be made available on the Bureau’s public Web site. S
EC. 748. If, for fiscal year 2019, new budget authority provided in appropriations Acts exceeds the discretionary spending limit for any category set forth in section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 due to estimating dif-ferences with the Congressional Budget Of-fice, an adjustment to the discretionary spending limit in such category for fiscal year 2019 shall be made by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the amount of the excess but the total of all such adjustments shall not exceed 0.2 per-cent of the sum of the adjusted discretionary spending limits for all categories for that fis-cal year. S
EC. 749. (a) The adjustment in rates of basic pay for employees under the statutory pay systems that takes effect in fiscal year 2019 under section 5303 of title 5, United States Code, shall be an increase of 1.4 per-cent, and the overall average percentage of the adjustments taking effect in such fiscal year under sections 5304 and 5304a of such title 5 shall be an increase of 0.5 percent (with comparability payments to be deter-mined and allocated among pay localities by the President). All adjustments under this subsection shall be effective as of the first day of the first applicable pay period begin-ning on or after January 1, 2019. (b) Notwithstanding section 737, the ad-justment in rates of basic pay for the statu-tory pay systems that take place in fiscal year 2019 under sections 5344 and 5348 of title 5, United States Code, shall be no less than the percentages in subsection (a) as employ-ees in the same location whose rates of basic pay are adjusted pursuant to the statutory pay systems under section 5303, 5304, and 5304a of title 5, United States Code. Pre-vailing rate employees at locations where there are no employees whose pay is in-creased pursuant to sections 5303, 5304, and 5304a of such title 5 and prevailing rate em-ployees described in section 5343(a)(5) of such title 5 shall be considered to be located in the pay locality designated as ″Rest of U.S.″ pursuant to section 5304 of such title 5 for purposes of this subsection. (c) Funds used to carry out this section shall be paid from appropriations, which are made to each applicable department or agen-cy for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2019. SEC. 750. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in any title other than title IV or VIII shall not apply to such title IV or VIII. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS—DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 801. There are appropriated from the applicable funds of the District of Columbia such sums as may be necessary for making refunds and for the payment of legal settle-ments or judgments that have been entered against the District of Columbia govern-ment. S
EC. 802. None of the Federal funds pro-vided in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes or implementation of any policy including boycott designed to support or defeat legislation pending before Congress or any State legislature. S
EC. 803. (a) None of the Federal funds pro-vided under this Act to the agencies funded by this Act, both Federal and District gov-ernment agencies, that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2019, or provided from any accounts in the Treas-ury of the United States derived by the col-lection of fees available to the agencies fund-ed by this Act, shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditures for an agency through a reprogramming of funds which— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or re-sponsibility center; (3) establishes or changes allocations spe-cifically denied, limited or increased under this Act; (4) increases funds or personnel by any means for any program, project, or responsi-bility center for which funds have been de-nied or restricted; (5) re-establishes any program or project previously deferred through reprogramming; (6) augments any existing program, project, or responsibility center through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $3,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) increases by 20 percent or more per-sonnel assigned to a specific program, project or responsibility center, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (b) The District of Columbia government is authorized to approve and execute re-programming and transfer requests of local funds under this title through November 7, 2019. S
EC. 804. None of the Federal funds pro-vided in this Act may be used by the District of Columbia to provide for salaries, expenses, or other costs associated with the offices of United States Senator or United States Rep-resentative under section 4(d) of the District of Columbia Statehood Constitutional Con-vention Initiatives of 1979 (D.C. Law 3–171; D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–123). SEC. 805. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made avail-able by this Act or by any other Act may be used to provide any officer or employee of the District of Columbia with an official ve-hicle unless the officer or employee uses the vehicle only in the performance of the offi-cer’s or employee’s official duties. For pur-poses of this section, the term ‘‘official du-ties’’ does not include travel between the of-ficer’s or employee’s residence and work-place, except in the case of— (1) an officer or employee of the Metropoli-tan Police Department who resides in the District of Columbia or is otherwise des-ignated by the Chief of the Department; (2) at the discretion of the Fire Chief, an officer or employee of the District of Colum-bia Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (3) at the discretion of the Director of the Department of Corrections, an officer or em-ployee of the District of Columbia Depart-ment of Corrections who resides in the Dis-trict of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (4) at the discretion of the Chief Medical Examiner, an officer or employee of the Of-fice of the Chief Medical Examiner who re-sides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (5) at the discretion of the Director of the Homeland Security and Emergency Manage-ment Agency, an officer or employee of the Homeland Security and Emergency Manage-ment Agency who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (6) the Mayor of the District of Columbia; and (7) the Chairman of the Council of the Dis-trict of Columbia. S
EC. 806. (a) None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used by the Dis-trict of Columbia Attorney General or any other officer or entity of the District govern-ment to provide assistance for any petition drive or civil action which seeks to require Congress to provide for voting representa-tion in Congress for the District of Colum-bia. (b) Nothing in this section bars the Dis-trict of Columbia Attorney General from re-viewing or commenting on briefs in private lawsuits, or from consulting with officials of the District government regarding such law-suits. S
EC. 807. None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used to distribute any needle or syringe for the purpose of pre-venting the spread of blood borne pathogens in any location that has been determined by the local public health or local law enforce-ment authorities to be inappropriate for such distribution. S
EC. 808. Nothing in this Act may be con-strued to prevent the Council or Mayor of the District of Columbia from addressing the issue of the provision of contraceptive cov-erage by health insurance plans, but it is the intent of Congress that any legislation en-acted on such issue should include a ‘‘con-science clause’’ which provides exceptions for religious beliefs and moral convictions. S
EC. 809. (a) None of the Federal funds con-tained in this Act may be used to enact or carry out any law, rule, or regulation to le-galize or otherwise reduce penalties associ-ated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5169 July 23, 2018 
(b) No funds available for obligation or ex-penditure by the District of Columbia gov-ernment under any authority may be used to enact any law, rule, or regulation to legalize or otherwise reduce penalties associated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative for recreational purposes. S
EC. 810. No funds available for obligation or expenditure by the District of Columbia government under any authority shall be ex-pended for any abortion except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term or where the preg-nancy is the result of an act of rape or in-cest. S
EC. 811. (a) No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council of the District of Columbia, a re-vised appropriated funds operating budget in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42), for all agencies of the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2019 that is in the total amount of the approved appropriation and that realigns all budgeted data for per-sonal services and other-than-personal serv-ices, respectively, with anticipated actual expenditures. (b) This section shall apply only to an agency for which the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia certifies that a reallocation is required to address unantici-pated changes in program requirements. S
EC. 812. No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council for the District of Columbia, a re-vised appropriated funds operating budget for the District of Columbia Public Schools that aligns schools budgets to actual enroll-ment. The revised appropriated funds budget shall be in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Co-lumbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42). S
EC. 813. (a) Amounts appropriated in this Act as operating funds may be transferred to the District of Columbia’s enterprise and capital funds and such amounts, once trans-ferred, shall retain appropriation authority consistent with the provisions of this Act. (b) The District of Columbia government is authorized to reprogram or transfer for oper-ating expenses any local funds transferred or reprogrammed in this or the four prior fiscal years from operating funds to capital funds, and such amounts, once transferred or repro-grammed, shall retain appropriation author-ity consistent with the provisions of this Act. (c) The District of Columbia government may not transfer or reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. S
EC. 814. None of the Federal funds appro-priated in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appro-priations, unless expressly so provided here-in. S
EC. 815. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law or under this Act, not to ex-ceed 50 percent of unobligated balances re-maining available at the end of fiscal year 2019 from appropriations of Federal funds made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2019 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for each such account for the purposes author-ized: Provided, That a request shall be sub-mitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided further, That these re-quests shall be made in compliance with re-programming guidelines outlined in section 803 of this Act. SEC. 816. (a)(1) During fiscal year 2020, dur-ing a period in which neither a District of Columbia continuing resolution or a regular District of Columbia appropriation bill is in effect, local funds are appropriated in the amount provided for any project or activity for which local funds are provided in the Act referred to in paragraph (2) (subject to any modifications enacted by the District of Co-lumbia as of the beginning of the period dur-ing which this subsection is in effect) at the rate set forth by such Act. (2) The Act referred to in this paragraph is the Act of the Council of the District of Co-lumbia pursuant to which a proposed budget is approved for fiscal year 2020 which (subject to the requirements of the District of Colum-bia Home Rule Act) will constitute the local portion of the annual budget for the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2020 for purposes of section 446 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–204.46, D.C. Official Code). (b) Appropriations made by subsection (a) shall cease to be available— (1) during any period in which a District of Columbia continuing resolution for fiscal year 2020 is in effect; or (2) upon the enactment into law of the reg-ular District of Columbia appropriation bill for fiscal year 2020. (c) An appropriation made by subsection (a) is provided under the authority and con-ditions as provided under this Act and shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by this Act. (d) An appropriation made by subsection (a) shall cover all obligations or expendi-tures incurred for such project or activity during the portion of fiscal year 2020 for which this section applies to such project or activity. (e) This section shall not apply to a project or activity during any period of fiscal year 2020 if any other provision of law (other than an authorization of appropriations)— (1) makes an appropriation, makes funds available, or grants authority for such project or activity to continue for such pe-riod; or (2) specifically provides that no appropria-tion shall be made, no funds shall be made available, or no authority shall be granted for such project or activity to continue for such period. (f) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to affect obligations of the govern-ment of the District of Columbia mandated by other law. S
EC. 817. Except as expressly provided oth-erwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ con-tained in this title or in title IV shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this title or of title IV. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Finan-cial Services and General Government Ap-propriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION C—AGRICULTURE, RURAL DE-VELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINIS-TRATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, for Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I AGRICULTURAL PROGRAMS PROCESSING , RESEARCH , ANDMARKETING  O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary, $46,532,000, of which not to exceed $5,051,000 shall be available for the imme-diate Office of the Secretary; not to exceed $800,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant to the Secretary for Rural De-velopment: Provided, That funds made avail-able by this Act to an agency in the Rural Development mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one ad-ministrative support staff for the Office; not to exceed $1,496,000 shall be available for the Office of Homeland Security; not to exceed $4,711,000 shall be available for the Office of Partnerships and Public Engagement; not to exceed $23,105,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Admin-istration, of which $22,301,000 shall be avail-able for Departmental Administration to provide for necessary expenses for manage-ment support services to offices of the De-partment and for general administration, se-curity, repairs and alterations, and other miscellaneous supplies and expenses not oth-erwise provided for and necessary for the practical and efficient work of the Depart-ment: Provided further, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Ad-ministration mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one ad-ministrative support staff for the Office; not to exceed $3,869,000 shall be available for the Office of Assistant Secretary for Congres-sional Relations to carry out the programs funded by this Act, including programs in-volving intergovernmental affairs and liai-son within the executive branch; and not to exceed $7,500,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of Communications: Provided further, That the Secretary of Agriculture is author-ized to transfer funds appropriated for any office of the Office of the Secretary to any other office of the Office of the Secretary: Provided further, That no appropriation for any office shall be increased or decreased by more than 5 percent: Provided further, That not to exceed $11,000 of the amount made available under this paragraph for the imme-diate Office of the Secretary shall be avail-able for official reception and representation expenses, not otherwise provided for, as de-termined by the Secretary: Provided further, That the amount made available under this heading for Departmental Administration shall be reimbursed from applicable appro-priations in this Act for travel expenses inci-dent to the holding of hearings as required by 5 U.S.C. 551–558: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Con-gressional Relations may be transferred to agencies of the Department of Agriculture funded by this Act to maintain personnel at the agency level: Provided further, That no funds made available under this heading for the Office of Assistant Secretary for Con-gressional Relations may be obligated after 30 days from the date of enactment of this Act, unless the Secretary has notified the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress on the allocation of these funds by USDA agency. E
XECUTIVE OPERATIONS  
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ECONOMIST  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Economist, $19,786,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be for grants or cooperative agreements for policy research under 7 U.S.C. 3155. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5170 July 23, 2018 
OFFICE OF HEARINGS AND APPEALS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Hearings and Appeals, $15,222,000. 
OFFICE OF BUDGET AND PROGRAM ANALYSIS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, $9,525,000. O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Information Officer, $63,950,000, of which not less than $38,000,000 is for cyberse-curity requirements of the department. O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Financial Officer, $6,028,000. O
FFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR  C
IVILRIGHTS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, $901,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Civil Rights mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. O
FFICE OF CIVILRIGHTS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Civil Rights, $24,206,000. A
GRICULTURE BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For payment of space rental and related costs pursuant to Public Law 92–313, includ-ing authorities pursuant to the 1984 delega-tion of authority from the Administrator of General Services to the Department of Agri-culture under 40 U.S.C. 121, for programs and activities of the Department which are in-cluded in this Act, and for alterations and other actions needed for the Department and its agencies to consolidate unneeded space into configurations suitable for release to the Administrator of General Services, and for the operation, maintenance, improve-ment, and repair of Agriculture buildings and facilities, and for related costs, $58,330,000, to remain available until ex-pended. H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Department of Agriculture, to comply with the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), $3,503,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That appropriations and funds available herein to the Department for Hazardous Materials Management may be transferred to any agency of the Department for its use in meeting all requirements pur-suant to the above Acts on Federal and non- Federal lands. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, including employment pur-suant to the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.), $98,208,000, including such sums as may be necessary for contracting and other arrangements with public agencies and private persons pursuant to section 6(a)(9) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.), and including not to exceed $125,000 for cer-tain confidential operational expenses, in-cluding the payment of informants, to be ex-pended under the direction of the Inspector General pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.) and section 1337 of the Agriculture and Food Act of 1981 (Public Law 97–98). O
FFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL  For necessary expenses of the Office of the General Counsel, $45,146,000. OFFICE OF ETHICS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ethics, $4,136,000. O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  R
ESEARCH , EDUCATION , ANDECONOMICS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Economics, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Research, Education, and Economics mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. E
CONOMIC RESEARCH SERVICE  For necessary expenses of the Economic Research Service, $86,757,000. N
ATIONAL AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS SERVICE  For necessary expenses of the National Ag-ricultural Statistics Service, $174,767,000, of which up to $45,300,000 shall be available until expended for the Census of Agriculture: Provided, That amounts made available for the Census of Agriculture may be used to conduct Current Industrial Report surveys subject to 7 U.S.C. 2204g(d) and (f). A
GRICULTURAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Agricultural Research Service and for acquisition of lands by donation, exchange, or purchase at a nominal cost not to exceed $100, and for land exchanges where the lands exchanged shall be of equal value or shall be equalized by a payment of money to the grantor which shall not exceed 25 percent of the total value of the land or interests transferred out of Federal ownership, $1,300,966,000, of which $10,600,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be used to carry out the science program at the National Bio- and Agro-de-fense Facility located in Manhattan, Kansas; and of which not less than $7,000,000 shall be available for purposes of entering into a management, operations, and research sup-port contract to expedite the hiring of a ca-pable workforce for the commissioning of the Central Utility Plant and in support of operations and management of the National Bio- and Agro-defense Facility: Provided, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for the operation and maintenance of aircraft and the purchase of not to exceed one for replacement only: Provided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250 for the construction, alteration, and repair of build-ings and improvements, but unless otherwise provided, the cost of constructing any one building shall not exceed $500,000, except for headhouses or greenhouses which shall each be limited to $1,800,000, except for 10 build-ings to be constructed or improved at a cost not to exceed $1,100,000 each, and except for two buildings to be constructed at a cost not to exceed $3,000,000 each, and the cost of al-tering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the cur-rent replacement value of the building or $500,000, whichever is greater: Provided fur-ther, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for entering into lease agreements at any Agricultural Research Service loca-tion for the construction of a research facil-ity by a non-Federal entity for use by the Agricultural Research Service and a condi-tion of the lease shall be that any facility shall be owned, operated, and maintained by the non-Federal entity and shall be removed upon the expiration or termination of the lease agreement: Provided further, That the limitations on alterations contained in this Act shall not apply to modernization or re-placement of existing facilities at Beltsville, Maryland: Provided further, That appropria-tions hereunder shall be available for grant-ing easements at the Beltsville Agricultural Research Center: Provided further, That the foregoing limitations shall not apply to re-placement of buildings needed to carry out the Act of April 24, 1948 (21 U.S.C. 113a): Pro- vided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for granting easements at any Agricultural Research Service location for the construction of a research facility by a non-Federal entity for use by, and accept-able to, the Agricultural Research Service and a condition of the easements shall be that upon completion the facility shall be accepted by the Secretary, subject to the availability of funds herein, if the Secretary finds that acceptance of the facility is in the interest of the United States: Provided fur-ther, That funds may be received from any State, other political subdivision, organiza-tion, or individual for the purpose of estab-lishing or operating any research facility or research project of the Agricultural Re-search Service, as authorized by law. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF FOOD AND  A
GRICULTURE  
RESEARCH AND EDUCATION ACTIVITIES  For payments to agricultural experiment stations, for cooperative forestry and other research, for facilities, and for other ex-penses, $898,535,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Research and Education Ac-tivities’’ in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That funds for research grants for 1994 institutions, education grants for 1890 institutions, capacity building for non- land-grant colleges of agriculture, the agri-culture and food research initiative, veteri-nary medicine loan repayment, multicul-tural scholars, graduate fellowship and insti-tution challenge grants, and grants manage-ment systems shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That each institu-tion eligible to receive funds under the Evans-Allen program receives no less than $1,000,000: Provided further, That funds for education grants for Alaska Native and Na-tive Hawaiian-serving institutions be made available to individual eligible institutions or consortia of eligible institutions with funds awarded equally to each of the States of Alaska and Hawaii: Provided further, That funds for education grants for 1890 institu-tions shall be made available to institutions eligible to receive funds under 7 U.S.C. 3221 and 3222: Provided further, That not more than 5 percent of the amounts made avail-able by this or any other Act to carry out the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative under 7 U.S.C. 450i(b) may be retained by the Secretary of Agriculture to pay administra-tive costs incurred by the Secretary in car-rying out that authority. 
NATIVE AMERICAN INSTITUTIONS ENDOWMENT  
FUND  For the Native American Institutions En-dowment Fund authorized by Public Law 103–382 (7 U.S.C. 301 note), $11,880,000, to re-main available until expended. 
EXTENSION ACTIVITIES  For payments to States, the District of Co-lumbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Is-lands, Micronesia, the Northern Marianas, and American Samoa, $486,692,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled ‘‘Na-tional Institute of Food and Agriculture, Ex-tension Activities’’ in the report accom-panying this Act: Provided, That funds for fa-cility improvements at 1890 institutions shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided further, That institutions eligible to re-ceive funds under 7 U.S.C. 3221 for coopera-tive extension receive no less than $1,000,000: Provided further, That funds for cooperative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5171 July 23, 2018 
extension under sections 3(b) and (c) of the Smith-Lever Act (7 U.S.C. 343(b) and (c)) and section 208(c) of Public Law 93–471 shall be available for retirement and employees’ compensation costs for extension agents. 
INTEGRATED ACTIVITIES  For the integrated research, education, and extension grants programs, including necessary administrative expenses, $38,000,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table ti-tled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agri-culture, Integrated Activities’’ in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That funds for the Food and Agriculture Defense Initia-tive shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, indirect costs shall not be charged against any Ex-tension Implementation Program Area grant awarded under the Crop Protection/Pest Management Program (7 U.S.C. 7626). O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  M
ARKETING AND REGULATORY PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Marketing and Regu-latory Programs, $901,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agen-cy in the Marketing and Regulatory Pro-grams mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administra-tive support staff for the Office. A
NIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH INSPECTION  S
ERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, including up to $30,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4085), $1,000,493,000, of which $470,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available for the control of outbreaks of insects, plant diseases, animal diseases and for control of pest animals and birds (‘‘contingency fund’’) to the extent necessary to meet emergency conditions; of which $11,520,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used for the cotton pests program for cost share pur-poses or for debt retirement for active eradi-cation zones; of which $37,857,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for Animal Health Technical Services; of which $705,000 shall be for activities under the authority of the Horse Protection Act of 1970, as amended (15 U.S.C. 1831); of which $62,840,000, to re-main available until expended, shall be used to support avian health; of which $4,251,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for information technology infrastructure; of which $178,170,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for specialty crop pests; of which, $11,826,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for field crop and range-land ecosystem pests; of which $16,523,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for zoonotic disease management; of which $41,466,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for emergency preparedness and response; of which $60,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for tree and wood pests; of which $5,725,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the Na-tional Veterinary Stockpile; of which up to $1,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for the scrapie program for indemnities; of which $2,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the wildlife damage management program for aviation safety: Provided, That of amounts available under this heading for wildlife services methods development, $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided further, That of amounts available under this heading for the screwworm pro-gram, $4,990,000 shall remain available until expended; of which $13,600,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used to carry out the science program at the Na-tional Bio- and Agro-defense Facility located in Manhattan, Kansas: Provided further, That no funds shall be used to formulate or ad-minister a brucellosis eradication program for the current fiscal year that does not re-quire minimum matching by the States of at least 40 percent: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available for the oper-ation and maintenance of aircraft and the purchase of not to exceed five, of which two shall be for replacement only: Provided fur-ther, That in addition, in emergencies which threaten any segment of the agricultural production industry of the United States, the Secretary may transfer from other ap-propriations or funds available to the agen-cies or corporations of the Department such sums as may be deemed necessary, to be available only in such emergencies for the arrest and eradication of contagious or infec-tious disease or pests of animals, poultry, or plants, and for expenses in accordance with sections 10411 and 10417 of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8310 and 8316) and sections 431 and 442 of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7751 and 7772), and any unex-pended balances of funds transferred for such emergency purposes in the preceding fiscal year shall be merged with such transferred amounts: Provided further, That appropria-tions hereunder shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the repair and alter-ation of leased buildings and improvements, but unless otherwise provided the cost of al-tering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the cur-rent replacement value of the building. In fiscal year 2019, the agency is authorized to collect fees to cover the total costs of pro-viding technical assistance, goods, or serv-ices requested by States, other political sub-divisions, domestic and international organi-zations, foreign governments, or individuals, provided that such fees are structured such that any entity’s liability for such fees is reasonably based on the technical assistance, goods, or services provided to the entity by the agency, and such fees shall be reim-bursed to this account, to remain available until expended, without further appropria-tion, for providing such assistance, goods, or services. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For plans, construction, repair, preventive maintenance, environmental support, im-provement, extension, alteration, and pur-chase of fixed equipment or facilities, as au-thorized by 7 U.S.C. 2250, and acquisition of land as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 428a, $3,175,000, to remain available until expended. A
GRICULTURAL MARKETING SERVICE  
MARKETING SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Agricultural Marketing Service, $155,845,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be available for the purposes of section 12306 of Public Law 113–79: Pro- vided, That this appropriation shall be avail-able pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the alteration and repair of buildings and im-provements, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not ex-ceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. Fees may be collected for the cost of stand-ardization activities, as established by regu-lation pursuant to law (31 U.S.C. 9701). 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  Not to exceed $60,982,000 (from fees col-lected) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for administrative expenses: Pro- vided, That if crop size is understated and/or other uncontrollable events occur, the agen-cy may exceed this limitation by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. FUNDS FOR STRENGTHENING MARKETS , INCOME , 
AND SUPPLY (SECTION 32)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Funds available under section 32 of the Act of August 24, 1935 (7 U.S.C. 612c), shall be used only for commodity program expenses as authorized therein, and other related op-erating expenses, except for: (1) transfers to the Department of Commerce as authorized by the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 U.S.C. 742a et seq.); (2) transfers otherwise provided in this Act; and (3) not more than $20,489,000 for formulation and administration of mar-keting agreements and orders pursuant to the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 and the Agricultural Act of 1961 (Pub-lic Law 87–128). 
PAYMENTS TO STATES AND POSSESSIONS  For payments to departments of agri-culture, bureaus and departments of mar-kets, and similar agencies for marketing ac-tivities under section 204(b) of the Agricul-tural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1623(b)), $1,235,000. 
LIMITATION ON INSPECTION AND WEIGHING  
SERVICES EXPENSES  Not to exceed $55,000,000 (from fees col-lected) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for inspection and weighing serv-ices: Provided, That if grain export activities require additional supervision and oversight, or other uncontrollable factors occur, this limitation may be exceeded by up to 10 per-cent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR FOOD S
AFETY  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Food Safety, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Food Safety mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. F
OODSAFETY AND INSPECTION SERVICE  For necessary expenses to carry out serv-ices authorized by the Federal Meat Inspec-tion Act, the Poultry Products Inspection Act, and the Egg Products Inspection Act, including not to exceed $10,000 for represen-tation allowances and for expenses pursuant to section 8 of the Act approved August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 1766), $1,049,344,000; and in addi-tion, $1,000,000 may be credited to this ac-count from fees collected for the cost of lab-oratory accreditation as authorized by sec-tion 1327 of the Food, Agriculture, Conserva-tion and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 138f): Pro- vided, That funds provided for the Public Health Data Communication Infrastructure system shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That no fewer than 148 full-time equivalent positions shall be employed during fiscal year 2019 for purposes dedicated solely to inspections and enforce-ment related to the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act (7 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.): Provided further, That the Food Safety and Inspection Service shall continue implementation of section 11016 of Public Law 110–246 as further clarified by the amendments made in section 12106 of Public Law 113–79: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the alter-ation and repair of buildings and improve-ments, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not ex-ceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5172 July 23, 2018 
TITLE II FARM PRODUCTION AND CONSERVATION PROGRAMS O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR FARM P
RODUCTION AND CONSERVATION  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Farm Production and Conservation, $901,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Farm Production and Conservation mis-sion area for salaries and expenses are avail-able to fund up to one administrative sup-port staff for the Office. F
ARMPRODUCTION AND CONSERVATION  B
USINESS CENTER  For necessary expenses of the Farm Pro-duction and Conservation Business Center, $1,028,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That $149,000 of amounts appropriated for the current fiscal year pur-suant to section 1241(a) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(a)) shall be transferred to and merged with this account. F
ARMSERVICE AGENCY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Farm Serv-ice Agency, $1,202,146,000: Provided, That not more than 50 percent of the $44,691,000 made available under this heading for information technology related to farm program deliv-ery, including the Modernize and Innovate the Delivery of Agricultural Systems and other farm program delivery systems, may be obligated until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, and receives written or electronic notification of receipt from such Committees of, a plan for expenditure that (1) identifies for each project/investment over $25,000 (a) the functional and perform-ance capabilities to be delivered and the mis-sion benefits to be realized, (b) the estimated lifecycle cost, including estimates for devel-opment as well as maintenance and oper-ations, and (c) key milestones to be met; (2) demonstrates that each project/investment is, (a) consistent with the Farm Service Agency Information Technology Roadmap, (b) being managed in accordance with appli-cable lifecycle management policies and guidance, and (c) subject to the applicable Department’s capital planning and invest-ment control requirements; and (3) has been reviewed by the Government Accountability Office and approved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That the agency shall sub-mit a report by the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019 to the Committees on Ap-propriations and the Government Account-ability Office, that identifies for each project/investment that is operational (a) current performance against key indicators of customer satisfaction, (b) current per-formance of service level agreements or other technical metrics, (c) current perform-ance against a pre-established cost baseline, (d) a detailed breakdown of current and planned spending on operational enhance-ments or upgrades, and (e) an assessment of whether the investment continues to meet business needs as intended as well as alter-natives to the investment: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to use the services, facilities, and authorities (but not the funds) of the Commodity Credit Corpora-tion to make program payments for all pro-grams administered by the Agency: Provided further, That other funds made available to the Agency for authorized activities may be advanced to and merged with this account: Provided further, That funds made available to county committees shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That none of the funds available to the Farm Service Agency shall be used to close Farm Service Agency county offices: Provided further, That none of the funds available to the Farm Service Agency shall be used to permanently relocate county based employees that would result in an office with two or fewer employ-ees without prior notification and approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. STATE MEDIATION GRANTS  For grants pursuant to section 502(b) of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987, as amended (7 U.S.C. 5101–5106), $3,904,000. 
GRASSROOTS SOURCE WATER PROTECTION  
PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out well-head or groundwater protection activities under section 1240O of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–2), $6,500,000, to re-main available until expended. 
DAIRY INDEMNITY PROGRAM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses involved in making indemnity payments to dairy farmers and manufacturers of dairy products under a dairy indemnity program, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That such program is car-ried out by the Secretary in the same man-ner as the dairy indemnity program de-scribed in the Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–387, 114 Stat. 1549A–12). 
AGRICULTURAL CREDIT INSURANCE FUND  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed farm own-ership (7 U.S.C. 1922 et seq.) and operating (7 U.S.C. 1941 et seq.) loans, emergency loans (7 U.S.C. 1961 et seq.), Indian tribe land acquisi-tion loans (25 U.S.C. 488), boll weevil loans (7 U.S.C. 1989), guaranteed conservation loans (7 U.S.C. 1924 et seq.), and Indian highly fractionated land loans (25 U.S.C. 488) to be available from funds in the Agricultural Credit Insurance Fund, as follows: $2,750,000,000 for guaranteed farm ownership loans and $1,500,000,000 for farm ownership di-rect loans; $1,960,000,000 for unsubsidized guaranteed operating loans and $1,530,000,000 for direct operating loans; emergency loans, $37,668,000; Indian tribe land acquisition loans, $20,000,000; guaranteed conservation loans, $150,000,000; Indian highly fractionated land loans, $10,000,000; and for boll weevil eradication program loans, $60,000,000: Pro- vided, That the Secretary shall deem the pink bollworm to be a boll weevil for the purpose of boll weevil eradication program loans. For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans and grants, including the cost of modifying loans as defined in section 502 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974, as follows: farm operating loans, $59,670,000 for direct operating loans, $21,168,000 for unsubsidized guaranteed operating loans, emergency loans, $1,567,000 and $2,134,000 for Indian high-ly fractionated land loans to remain avail-able until expended. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct and guar-anteed loan programs, $325,068,000: Provided, That of this amount, $314,998,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appro-priation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’, of which $8,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020. Funds appropriated by this Act to the Ag-ricultural Credit Insurance Program Ac-count for farm ownership, operating and con-servation direct loans and guaranteed loans may be transferred among these programs: Provided, That the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. RISKMANAGEMENT AGENCY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Risk Man-agement Agency, $74,829,000: Provided, That not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for of-ficial reception and representation expenses, as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 1506(i). N
ATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE  
CONSERVATION OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses for carrying out the provisions of the Act of April 27, 1935 (16 U.S.C. 590a–f), including preparation of con-servation plans and establishment of meas-ures to conserve soil and water (including farm irrigation and land drainage and such special measures for soil and water manage-ment as may be necessary to prevent floods and the siltation of reservoirs and to control agricultural related pollutants); operation of conservation plant materials centers; classi-fication and mapping of soil; dissemination of information; acquisition of lands, water, and interests therein for use in the plant ma-terials program by donation, exchange, or purchase at a nominal cost not to exceed $100 pursuant to the Act of August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 428a); purchase and erection or alter-ation or improvement of permanent and tem-porary buildings; and operation and mainte-nance of aircraft, $879,107,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250 for con-struction and improvement of buildings and public improvements at plant materials cen-ters, except that the cost of alterations and improvements to other buildings and other public improvements shall not exceed $250,000: Provided further, That when build-ings or other structures are erected on non- Federal land, that the right to use such land is obtained as provided in 7 U.S.C. 2250a: Pro- vided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $5,600,000, shall remain available until expended for the au-thorities under 16 U.S.C. 1001–1005 and 1007– 1009 for authorized ongoing watershed projects with a primary purpose of providing water to rural communities. 
WATERSHED AND FLOOD PREVENTION  
OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses to carry out pre-ventive measures, including but not limited to surveys and investigations, engineering operations, works of improvement, and changes in use of land, in accordance with the Watershed Protection and Flood Preven-tion Act (16 U.S.C. 1001–1005 and 1007–1009) and in accordance with the provisions of laws relating to the activities of the Depart-ment, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That for funds provided by this Act or any other prior Act, the limi-tation regarding the size of the watershed or subwatershed exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand acres in which such activities can be undertaken shall only apply for ac-tivities undertaken for the primary purpose of flood prevention (including structural and land treatment measures): Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $50,000,000 shall be allocated to projects and activities that can commence promptly following enactment; that address regional priorities for flood prevention, agri-cultural water management, inefficient irri-gation systems, fish and wildlife habitat, or watershed protection; or that address au-thorized ongoing projects under the authori-ties of section 13 of the Flood Control Act of December 22, 1944 (Public Law 78–534) with a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5173 July 23, 2018 
primary purpose of watershed protection by preventing floodwater damage and stabi-lizing stream channels, tributaries, and banks to reduce erosion and sediment trans-port. CORPORATIONS The following corporations and agencies are hereby authorized to make expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing au-thority available to each such corporation or agency and in accord with law, and to make contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by sec-tion 104 of the Government Corporation Con-trol Act as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation or agency, except as hereinafter provided. F
EDERAL CROPINSURANCE CORPORATION FUND For payments as authorized by section 516 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1516), such sums as may be necessary, to re-main available until expended. C
OMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION FUND 
REIMBURSEMENT FOR NET REALIZED LOSSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary to reimburse the Com-modity Credit Corporation for net realized losses sustained, but not previously reim-bursed, pursuant to section 2 of the Act of August 17, 1961 (15 U.S.C. 713a–11): Provided, That of the funds available to the Com-modity Credit Corporation under section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Char-ter Act (15 U.S.C. 714i) for the conduct of its business with the Foreign Agricultural Serv-ice, up to $5,000,000 may be transferred to and used by the Foreign Agricultural Service for information resource management activities of the Foreign Agricultural Service that are not related to Commodity Credit Corpora-tion business. 
HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT  
(LIMITATION ON EXPENSES)  For the current fiscal year, the Commodity Credit Corporation shall not expend more than $5,000,000 for site investigation and cleanup expenses, and operations and main-tenance expenses to comply with the require-ment of section 107(g) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9607(g)), and section 6001 of the Resource Conservation and Recov-ery Act (42 U.S.C. 6961). TITLE III RURAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS R
URAL DEVELOPMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for carrying out the administration and implementation of Rural Development programs, including ac-tivities with institutions concerning the de-velopment and operation of agricultural co-operatives; and for cooperative agreements; $232,835,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appro-priated under this heading may be used for advertising and promotional activities that support Rural Development programs: Pro- vided further, That in addition to any other funds appropriated for purposes authorized by section 502(i) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472(i)), any amounts collected under such section will immediately be cred-ited to this account and will remain avail-able until expended for such purposes. R
URAL HOUSING SERVICE  
RURAL HOUSING INSURANCE FUND PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as au-thorized by title V of the Housing Act of 1949, to be available from funds in the rural housing insurance fund, as follows: $1,100,000,000 shall be for direct loans and $24,000,000,000 shall be for unsubsidized guar-anteed loans; $28,000,000 for section 504 hous-ing repair loans; $40,000,000 for section 515 rental housing; $230,000,000 for section 538 guaranteed multi-family housing loans; $10,000,000 for credit sales of single family housing acquired property; $5,000,000 for sec-tion 523 self-help housing land development loans; and $5,000,000 for section 524 site devel-opment loans. For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as follows: section 502 loans, $53,900,000 shall be for direct loans; section 504 housing repair loans, $3,419,000; section 523 self-help housing land develop-ment loans, $431,000; section 524 site develop-ment loans, $176,000; and repair, rehabilita-tion, and new construction of section 515 rental housing, $9,484,000: Provided, That to support the loan program level for section 538 guaranteed loans made available under this heading the Secretary may charge or ad-just any fees to cover the projected cost of such loan guarantees pursuant to the provi-sions of the Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), and the interest on such loans may not be subsidized: Provided further, That applicants in communities that have a current rural area waiver under section 541 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490q) shall be treated as living in a rural area for purposes of section 502 guaranteed loans pro-vided under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts available under this paragraph for section 502 direct loans, no less than $5,000,000 shall be available for direct loans for individuals whose homes will be built pursuant to a program funded with a mutual and self-help housing grant author-ized by section 523 of the Housing Act of 1949 until June 1, 2019: Provided further, That the Secretary shall implement provisions to pro-vide incentives to nonprofit organizations and public housing authorities to facilitate the acquisition of Rural Housing Service (RHS) multifamily housing properties by such nonprofit organizations and public housing authorities that commit to keep such properties in the RHS multifamily housing program for a period of time as de-termined by the Secretary, with such incen-tives to include, but not be limited to, the following: allow such nonprofit entities and public housing authorities to earn a Return on Investment on their own resources to in-clude proceeds from low income housing tax credit syndication, own contributions, grants, and developer loans at favorable rates and terms, invested in a deal; and allow reimbursement of organizational costs asso-ciated with owner’s oversight of asset re-ferred to as ‘‘Asset Management Fee’’ of up to $7,500 per property. In addition, for the cost of direct loans, grants, and contracts, as authorized by sec-tions 514 and 516 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1484, 1486), $14,281,000, to remain available until expended, for direct farm labor housing loans and domestic farm labor housing grants and contracts: Provided, That any balances available for the Farm Labor Program Account shall be transferred to and merged with this account. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct and guar-anteed loan programs, $412,254,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appro-priation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. RENTAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  For rental assistance agreements entered into or renewed pursuant to the authority under section 521(a)(2) of the Housing Act of 1949 or agreements entered into in lieu of debt forgiveness or payments for eligible households as authorized by section 502(c)(5)(D) of the Housing Act of 1949, $1,331,400,000, of which $40,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020; and in ad-dition such sums as may be necessary, as au-thorized by section 521(c) of the Act, to liq-uidate debt incurred prior to fiscal year 1992 to carry out the rental assistance program under section 521(a)(2) of the Act: Provided, That rental assistance agreements entered into or renewed during the current fiscal year shall be funded for a one-year period: Provided further, That any unexpended bal-ances remaining at the end of such one-year agreements may be transferred and used for purposes of any debt reduction; mainte-nance, repair, or rehabilitation of any exist-ing projects; preservation; and rental assist-ance activities authorized under title V of the Act: Provided further, That rental assist-ance provided under agreements entered into prior to fiscal year 2019 for a farm labor multi-family housing project financed under section 514 or 516 of the Act may not be re-captured for use in another project until such assistance has remained unused for a period of 12 consecutive months, if such project has a waiting list of tenants seeking such assistance or the project has rental as-sistance eligible tenants who are not receiv-ing such assistance: Provided further, That such recaptured rental assistance shall, to the extent practicable, be applied to another farm labor multi-family housing project fi-nanced under section 514 or 516 of the Act: Provided further, That except as provided in the third proviso under this heading and not-withstanding any other provision of the Act, the Secretary may recapture rental assist-ance provided under agreements entered into prior to fiscal year 2019 for a project that the Secretary determines no longer needs rental assistance and use such recaptured funds for current needs. MULTI -FAMILY HOUSING REVITALIZATION  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the rural housing voucher program as authorized under section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949, but notwithstanding subsection (b) of such section, and for additional costs to conduct a demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of multi-fam-ily rental housing properties described in this paragraph, $50,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading, $26,000,000, shall be available for rural hous-ing vouchers to any low-income household (including those not receiving rental assist-ance) residing in a property financed with a section 515 loan which has been prepaid after September 30, 2005: Provided further, That the amount of such voucher shall be the dif-ference between comparable market rent for the section 515 unit and the tenant paid rent for such unit: Provided further, That funds made available for such vouchers shall be subject to the availability of annual appro-priations: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, administer such vouchers with cur-rent regulations and administrative guid-ance applicable to section 8 housing vouchers administered by the Secretary of the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development: Provided further, That if the Secretary deter-mines that the amount made available for vouchers in this or any other Act is not needed for vouchers, the Secretary may use such funds for the demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of multi-family rental housing properties de-scribed in this paragraph: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5174 July 23, 2018 
heading, $24,000,000 shall be available for a demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of the sections 514, 515, and 516 multi-family rental housing prop-erties to restructure existing USDA multi- family housing loans, as the Secretary deems appropriate, expressly for the purposes of en-suring the project has sufficient resources to preserve the project for the purpose of pro-viding safe and affordable housing for low-in-come residents and farm laborers including reducing or eliminating interest; deferring loan payments, subordinating, reducing or reamortizing loan debt; and other financial assistance including advances, payments and incentives (including the ability of owners to obtain reasonable returns on investment) re-quired by the Secretary: Provided further, That the Secretary shall as part of the pres-ervation and revitalization agreement obtain a restrictive use agreement consistent with the terms of the restructuring: Provided fur-ther, That if the Secretary determines that additional funds for vouchers described in this paragraph are needed, funds for the pres-ervation and revitalization demonstration program may be used for such vouchers: Pro- vided further, That if Congress enacts legisla-tion to permanently authorize a multi-fam-ily rental housing loan restructuring pro-gram similar to the demonstration program described herein, the Secretary may use funds made available for the demonstration program under this heading to carry out such legislation with the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That in addition to any other available funds, the Secretary may expend not more than $1,000,000 total, from the program funds made available under this heading, for administra-tive expenses for activities funded under this heading. 
MUTUAL AND SELF -HELP HOUSING GRANTS  For grants and contracts pursuant to sec-tion 523(b)(1)(A) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490c), $30,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
RURAL HOUSING ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For grants for very low-income housing re-pair and rural housing preservation made by the Rural Housing Service, as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 1474, and 1490m, $40,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
RURAL COMMUNITY FACILITIES PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as au-thorized by section 306 and described in sec-tion 381E(d)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $3,000,000,000 for di-rect loans and $148,287,000 for guaranteed loans. For the cost of guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, $4,285,000, to remain available until expended. For the cost of grants for rural community facilities programs as authorized by section 306 and described in section 381E(d)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $47,778,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That $6,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be available for a Rural Community Development Initiative: Provided further, That such funds shall be used solely to de-velop the capacity and ability of private, nonprofit community-based housing and community development organizations, low- income rural communities, and Federally Recognized Native American Tribes to un-dertake projects to improve housing, com-munity facilities, community and economic development projects in rural areas: Provided further, That such funds shall be made avail-able to qualified private, nonprofit and pub-lic intermediary organizations proposing to carry out a program of financial and tech-nical assistance: Provided further, That such intermediary organizations shall provide matching funds from other sources, includ-ing Federal funds for related activities, in an amount not less than funds provided: Pro- vided further, That $5,778,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be to provide grants for facilities in rural commu-nities with extreme unemployment and se-vere economic depression (Public Law 106– 387), with up to 5 percent for administration and capacity building in the State rural de-velopment offices: Provided further, That $4,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be available for commu-nity facilities grants to tribal colleges, as authorized by section 306(a)(19) of such Act: Provided further, That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act are not applicable to the funds made available under this heading. RURAL BUSINESS —COOPERATIVE SERVICE  
RURAL BUSINESS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For the cost of loan guarantees and grants, for the rural business development programs authorized by section 310B and described in subsections (a), (c), (f) and (g) of section 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act, $69,619,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, not to ex-ceed $500,000 shall be made available for one grant to a qualified national organization to provide technical assistance for rural trans-portation in order to promote economic de-velopment and $8,000,000 shall be for grants to the Delta Regional Authority (7 U.S.C. 2009aa et seq.), the Northern Border Regional Commission (40 U.S.C. 15101 et seq.), and the Appalachian Regional Commission (40 U.S.C. 14101 et seq.) for any Rural Community Ad-vancement Program purpose as described in section 381E(d) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, of which not more than 5 percent may be used for administra-tive expenses: Provided further, That $4,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for business grants to benefit Federally Recognized Native Amer-ican Tribes, including $250,000 for a grant to a qualified national organization to provide technical assistance for rural transportation in order to promote economic development: Provided further, That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act are not applicable to funds made available under this heading. 
INTERMEDIARY RELENDING PROGRAM FUND  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized by the Intermediary Relending Program Fund Account (7 U.S.C. 1936b), $18,889,000. For the cost of direct loans, $4,157,000, as authorized by the Intermediary Relending Program Fund Account (7 U.S.C. 1936b), of which $557,000 shall be available through June 30, 2019, for Federally Recognized Na-tive American Tribes; and of which $1,072,000 shall be available through June 30, 2019, for Mississippi Delta Region counties (as deter-mined in accordance with Public Law 100– 460): Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as de-fined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan programs, $4,468,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Sala-ries and Expenses’’. RURAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT LOANS  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized under section 313 of the Rural Electrification Act, for the purpose of pro-moting rural economic development and job creation projects, $45,000,000. The cost of grants authorized under sec-tion 313 of the Rural Electrification Act, for the purpose of promoting rural economic de-velopment and job creation projects shall not exceed $10,000,000. 
RURAL COOPERATIVE DEVELOPMENT GRANTS  For rural cooperative development grants authorized under section 310B(e) of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932), $30,050,000, of which $3,750,000 shall be for cooperative agreements for the appropriate technology transfer for rural areas program: Provided, That not to exceed $3,000,000 shall be for grants for cooperative development centers, individual coopera-tives, or groups of cooperatives that serve socially disadvantaged groups and a major-ity of the boards of directors or governing boards of which are comprised of individuals who are members of socially disadvantaged groups; and of which $17,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for value- added agricultural product market develop-ment grants, as authorized by section 231 of the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 1632a), of which $2,500,000 shall be for Agriculture Innovation Centers author-ized pursuant to section 6402 of Public Law 107–171. 
RURAL ENERGY FOR AMERICA PROGRAM  For the cost of a program of loan guaran-tees, under the same terms and conditions as authorized by section 9007 of the Farm Secu-rity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107), $338,000: Provided, That the cost of loan guarantees, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. R
URAL UTILITIES SERVICE  
RURAL WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For the cost of direct loans, loan guaran-tees, and grants for the rural water, waste water, waste disposal, and solid waste man-agement programs authorized by sections 306, 306A, 306C, 306D, 306E, and 310B and de-scribed in sections 306C(a)(2), 306D, 306E, and 381E(d)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $558,183,000, to re-main available until expended, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be available for the rural utilities program described in section 306(a)(2)(B) of such Act, and of which not to exceed $993,000 shall be available for the rural utilities program described in section 306E of such Act: Provided, That not to ex-ceed $15,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for grants au-thorized by section 306A(i)(2) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act in addition to funding authorized by section 306A(i)(1) of such Act and such grants may not exceed $1,000,000 notwithstanding section 306A(f)(1) of such Act: Provided further, That $68,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for loans and grants in-cluding water and waste disposal systems grants authorized by section 306C(a)(2)(B) and section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, and Federally Recognized Native American Tribes author-ized by 306C(a)(1) of such Act: Provided fur-ther, That funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act may be provided to a consortium 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5175 July 23, 2018 
formed pursuant to section 325 of Public Law 105–83: Provided further, That not more than 2 percent of the funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act may be used by the State of Alaska for training and technical assistance programs and not more than 2 percent of the funding provided for section 306D of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act may be used by a consortium formed pursu-ant to section 325 of Public Law 105–83 for training and technical assistance programs: Provided further, That not to exceed $40,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for technical assistance grants for rural water and waste systems pursuant to section 306(a)(14) of such Act, un-less the Secretary makes a determination of extreme need, of which $8,000,000 shall be made available for a grant to a qualified nonprofit multi-State regional technical as-sistance organization, with experience in working with small communities on water and waste water problems, the principal pur-pose of such grant shall be to assist rural communities with populations of 3,300 or less, in improving the planning, financing, development, operation, and management of water and waste water systems, and of which not less than $800,000 shall be for a qualified national Native American organization to provide technical assistance for rural water systems for tribal communities: Provided fur-ther, That not to exceed $19,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for contracting with qualified na-tional organizations for a circuit rider pro-gram to provide technical assistance for rural water systems: Provided further, That not to exceed $4,000,000 shall be for solid waste management grants: Provided further, That $10,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be transferred to, and merged with, the Rural Utilities Service, High Energy Cost Grants Account to provide grants authorized under section 19 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 918a): Provided further, That any prior year balances for high-energy cost grants author-ized by section 19 of the Rural Electrifica-tion Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 918a) shall be trans-ferred to and merged with the Rural Utilities Service, High Energy Cost Grants Account: Provided further, That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act are not applicable to the funds made available under this heading. 
RURAL ELECTRIFICATION AND TELECOMMUNI -
CATIONS LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The principal amount of direct and guaran-teed loans as authorized by sections 305, 306, and 317 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 935, 936, and 940g) shall be made as follows: loans made pursuant to sections 305, 306, and 317, notwithstanding 317(c), of that Act, rural electric, $5,500,000,000; guar-anteed underwriting loans pursuant to sec-tion 313A, $750,000,000; 5 percent rural tele-communications loans, cost of money rural telecommunications loans, and for loans made pursuant to section 306 of that Act, rural telecommunications loans, $690,000,000: Provided, That up to $2,000,000,000 shall be used for the construction, acquisition, design and engineering or improvement of fossil- fueled electric generating plants (whether new or existing) that utilize carbon sub-surface utilization and storage systems. For the cost of direct loans as authorized by section 305 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 935), including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, cost of money rural telecommunications loans, $1,725,000. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct and guar-anteed loan programs, $33,270,000, which shall be transferred to and merged with the appro-priation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. DISTANCE LEARNING , TELEMEDICINE , AND 
BROADBAND PROGRAM  For the principal amount of broadband telecommunication loans, $29,851,000. For grants for telemedicine and distance learning services in rural areas, as author-ized by 7 U.S.C. 950aaa et seq., $33,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That $3,000,000 shall be made available for grants authorized by 379G of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act: Pro- vided further, That funding provided under this heading for grants under 379G of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act may only be provided to entities that meet all of the eligibility criteria for a con-sortium as established by this section. For the cost of broadband loans, as author-ized by section 601 of the Rural Electrifica-tion Act, $5,830,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the cost of direct loans shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. In addition, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended, for a grant program to fi-nance broadband transmission in rural areas eligible for Distance Learning and Telemedi-cine Program benefits authorized by 7 U.S.C. 950aaa. TITLE IV DOMESTIC FOOD PROGRAMS O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR FOOD, N
UTRITION , ANDCONSUMER SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agen-cy in the Food, Nutrition and Consumer Services mission area for salaries and ex-penses are available to fund up to one admin-istrative support staff for the Office. F
OOD AND NUTRITION SERVICE  
CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), except section 21, and the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.), except sections 17 and 21; $23,184,012,000 to remain available through September 30, 2020, of which such sums as are made available under section 14222(b)(1) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246), as amended by this Act, shall be merged with and available for the same time period and purposes as pro-vided herein: Provided, That of the total amount available, $17,004,000 shall be avail-able to carry out section 19 of the Child Nu-trition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.): Provided further, That of the total amount available, $30,000,000 shall be available to provide competitive grants to State agencies for subgrants to local educational agencies and schools to purchase the equipment, with a value of greater than $1,000, needed to serve healthier meals, improve food safety, and to help support the establishment, main-tenance, or expansion of the school breakfast program: Provided further, That of the total amount available, $28,000,000 shall remain available until expended to carry out section 749(g) of the Agriculture Appropriations Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–80): Provided further, That section 26(d) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769g(d)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2010 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2010 through 2019’’: Provided further, That section 9(h)(3) of the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(h)(3)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for fis-cal year 2019’’: Provided further, That section 9(h)(4) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(h)(4)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for fis-cal year 2019’’. SPECIAL SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION PROGRAM  
FOR WOMEN , INFANTS , AND CHILDREN (WIC)  For necessary expenses to carry out the special supplemental nutrition program as authorized by section 17 of the Child Nutri-tion Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786), $6,150,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020, of which $25,000,000 shall be placed in re-serve, to remain available until expended, to be allocated as the Secretary deemed nec-essary, notwithstanding section 17(i) of such Act, to support participation should cost or participation exceed budget estimates: Pro- vided, That notwithstanding section 17(h)(10) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786(h)(10)), not less than $60,000,000 shall be used for breastfeeding peer counselors and other related activities, and $19,000,000 shall be used for infrastructure, of which $5,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to promote breastfeeding and improved nutritional health through technologies and services, in-cluding telemedicine: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this account shall be available for the purchase of infant formula except in accordance with the cost containment and competitive bidding re-quirements specified in section 17 of such Act: Provided further, That none of the funds provided shall be available for activities that are not fully reimbursed by other Federal Government departments or agencies unless authorized by section 17 of such Act: Pro- vided further, That upon termination of a fed-erally mandated vendor moratorium and subject to terms and conditions established by the Secretary, the Secretary may waive the requirement at 7 CFR 246.12(g)(6) at the request of a State agency. 
SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), $73,219,274,000, of which $3,000,000,000, to remain available through December 31, 2020, shall be placed in reserve for use only in such amounts and at such times as may be-come necessary to carry out program oper-ations: Provided, That funds provided herein shall be expended in accordance with section 16 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008: Pro- vided further, That of the funds made avail-able under this heading, $998,000 may be used to provide nutrition education services to State agencies and Federally Recognized Tribes participating in the Food Distribution Program on Indian Reservations: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be sub-ject to any work registration or workfare re-quirements as may be required by law: Pro- vided further, That funds made available for Employment and Training under this head-ing shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for sec-tion 28(d)(1), section 4(b), and section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 shall re-main available through September 30, 2020: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be obli-gated or expended in contravention of sec-tion 213A of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1183A): Provided further, That funds made available under this head-ing may be used to enter into contracts and employ staff to conduct studies, evaluations, or to conduct activities related to program integrity provided that such activities are authorized by the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5176 July 23, 2018 
COMMODITY ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out dis-aster assistance and the Commodity Supple-mental Food Program as authorized by sec-tion 4(a) of the Agriculture and Consumer Protection Act of 1973 (7 U.S.C. 612c note); the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983; special assistance for the nuclear affected is-lands, as authorized by section 103(f)(2) of the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–188); and the Farmers’ Market Nutrition Program, as au-thorized by section 17(m) of the Child Nutri-tion Act of 1966, $322,139,000, to remain avail-able through September 30, 2020: Provided, That none of these funds shall be available to reimburse the Commodity Credit Corpora-tion for commodities donated to the pro-gram: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, effective with funds made available in fiscal year 2019 to support the Seniors Farmers’ Market Nutri-tion Program, as authorized by section 4402 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, such funds shall remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided further, That of the funds made available under sec-tion 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)), the Secretary may use up to 15 percent for costs associated with the distribution of commodities. 
NUTRITION PROGRAMS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary administrative expenses of the Food and Nutrition Service for carrying out any domestic nutrition assistance pro-gram, $164,688,000: Provided, That of the funds provided herein, $2,000,000 shall be used for the purposes of section 4404 of Public Law 107–171, as amended by section 4401 of Public Law 110–246. TITLE V FOREIGN ASSISTANCE AND RELATED PROGRAMS O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR TRADE  
ANDFOREIGN AGRICULTURAL AFFAIRS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Trade and Foreign Agri-cultural Affairs, $875,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to any agency in the Trade and Foreign Agricul-tural Affairs mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one ad-ministrative support staff for the Office. 
OFFICE OF CODEX ALIMENTARIUS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Codex Alimentarius, $3,976,000, including not to exceed $40,000 for official reception and representation expenses. F
OREIGN AGRICULTURAL SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Foreign Ag-ricultural Service, including not to exceed $250,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to section 8 of the Act ap-proved August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 1766), $212,230,000, of which no more than 6 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for overseas operations to include the payment of locally employed staff: Provided, That the Service may utilize advances of funds, or reimburse this appropriation for ex-penditures made on behalf of Federal agen-cies, public and private organizations and in-stitutions under agreements executed pursu-ant to the agricultural food production as-sistance programs (7 U.S.C. 1737) and the for-eign assistance programs of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment: Provided further, That funds made available for middle-income country training programs, funds made available for the Borlaug International Agricultural Science and Technology Fellowship program, and up to $2,000,000 of the Foreign Agricultural Service appropriation solely for the purpose of offsetting fluctuations in international currency exchange rates, subject to docu-mentation by the Foreign Agricultural Serv-ice, shall remain available until expended. FOOD FOR PEACE TITLE I DIRECT CREDIT AND  
FOOD FOR PROGRESS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the credit program of title I, Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480) and the Food for Progress Act of 1985, $142,000, shall be trans-ferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Ex-penses’’. 
FOOD FOR PEACE TITLE II GRANTS  For expenses during the current fiscal year, not otherwise recoverable, and unre-covered prior years’ costs, including interest thereon, under the Food for Peace Act (Pub-lic Law 83–480), for commodities supplied in connection with dispositions abroad under title II of said Act, $1,716,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
MCGOVERN -DOLE INTERNATIONAL FOOD FOR  
EDUCATION AND CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAM  
GRANTS  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 3107 of the Farm Secu-rity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 1736o–1), $210,255,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That the Com-modity Credit Corporation is authorized to provide the services, facilities, and authori-ties for the purpose of implementing such section, subject to reimbursement from amounts provided herein: Provided further, That of the amount made available under this heading, $15,000,000, shall remain avail-able until expended for necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 3207 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 1726c). 
COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION EXPORT  
(LOANS) CREDIT GUARANTEE PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the Commodity Credit Corporation’s Export Guarantee Program, GSM 102 and GSM 103, $8,845,000; to cover common overhead ex-penses as permitted by section 11 of the Com-modity Credit Corporation Charter Act and in conformity with the Federal Credit Re-form Act of 1990, of which $6,382,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appro-priation for ‘‘Foreign Agricultural Service, Salaries and Expenses’’, and of which $2,463,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’. TITLE VI RELATED AGENCY AND FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION D
EPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN  S
ERVICES  
FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Food and Drug Administration, including hire and pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles; for pay-ment of space rental and related costs pursu-ant to Public Law 92–313 for programs and activities of the Food and Drug Administra-tion which are included in this Act; for rent-al of special purpose space in the District of Columbia or elsewhere; in addition to amounts appropriated to the FDA Innova-tion Account, for carrying out the activities described in section 1002(b)(4) of the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act (Public Law 114–255); for mis-cellaneous and emergency expenses of en-forcement activities, authorized and ap-proved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $25,000; and notwithstanding sec-tion 521 of Public Law 107–188; $5,419,299,000: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $960,568,000 shall be derived from prescription drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379h, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until ex-pended; $196,668,000 shall be derived from medical device user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j, and shall be credited to this ac-count and remain available until expended; $501,396,000 shall be derived from human ge-neric drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–42, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $40,922,000 shall be derived from biosimilar biological product user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–52, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until ex-pended; $30,331,000 shall be derived from ani-mal drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–12, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $18,336,000 shall be derived from generic new animal drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–21, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $712,000,000 shall be derived from tobacco product user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 387s, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Pro- vided further, That in addition to and not-withstanding any other provision under this heading, amounts collected for prescription drug user fees, medical device user fees, human generic drug user fees, biosimilar bio-logical product user fees, animal drug user fees, and generic new animal drug user fees that exceed the respective fiscal year 2019 limitations are appropriated and shall be credited to this account and remain avail-able until expended: Provided further, That fees derived from prescription drug, medical device, human generic drug, biosimilar bio-logical product, animal drug, and generic new animal drug assessments for fiscal year 2019, including any such fees collected prior to fiscal year 2019 but credited for fiscal year 2019, shall be subject to the fiscal year 2019 limitations: Provided further, That the Sec-retary may accept payment during fiscal year 2019 of user fees specified under this heading and authorized for fiscal year 2020, prior to the due date for such fees, and that amounts of such fees assessed for fiscal year 2020 for which the Secretary accepts pay-ment in fiscal year 2019 shall not be included in amounts under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That none of these funds shall be used to develop, establish, or operate any program of user fees authorized by 31 U.S.C. 9701: Pro- vided further, That of the total amount ap-propriated: (1) $1,052,315,000 shall be for the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutri-tion and related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (2) $1,720,807,000 shall be for the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (3) $369,857,000 shall be for the Center for Biologics Evalua-tion and Research and for related field ac-tivities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (4) $216,914,000 shall be for the Center for Vet-erinary Medicine and for related field activi-ties in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (5) $495,988,000 shall be for the Center for De-vices and Radiological Health and for related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (6) $65,531,000 shall be for the Na-tional Center for Toxicological Research; (7) $662,043,000 shall be for the Center for To-bacco Products and for related field activi-ties in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (8) not to exceed $174,751,000 shall be for Rent and Related activities, of which $50,987,000 is for White Oak Consolidation, other than the amounts paid to the General Services Ad-ministration for rent; (9) not to exceed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5177 July 23, 2018 
$240,887,000 shall be for payments to the Gen-eral Services Administration for rent; and (10) $420,206,000 shall be for other activities, including the Office of the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, the Office of Foods and Vet-erinary Medicine, the Office of Medical and Tobacco Products, the Office of Global and Regulatory Policy, the Office of Operations, the Office of the Chief Scientist, and central services for these offices: Provided further, That not to exceed $25,000 of this amount shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses, not otherwise provided for, as determined by the Commissioner: Provided further, That any transfer of funds pursuant to section 770(n) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379dd(n)) shall only be from amounts made available under this heading for other activities: Provided further, That of the amounts that are made available under this heading for ‘‘other ac-tivities’’, and that are not derived from user fees, $1,500,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Depart-ment of Health and Human Services—Office of Inspector General’’ for oversight of the programs and operations of the Food and Drug Administration and shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available for over-sight of the Food and Drug Administration: Provided further, That funds may be trans-ferred from one specified activity to another with the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. In addition, mammography user fees au-thorized by 42 U.S.C. 263b, export certifi-cation user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 381, priority review user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360n and 360ff, food and feed recall fees, food reinspection fees, and voluntary qualified importer program fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–31, outsourcing facility fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–62, prescription drug wholesale distributor licensing and in-spection fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 353(e)(3), third-party logistics provider li-censing and inspection fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360eee–3(c)(1), third-party auditor fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 384d(c)(8), and med-ical countermeasure priority review voucher user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4a, shall be credited to this account, to remain available until expended. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For plans, construction, repair, improve-ment, extension, alteration, demolition, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of or used by the Food and Drug Administra-tion, where not otherwise provided, $11,788,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
FDA INNOVATION ACCOUNT , CURES ACT  For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described under section 1002(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act, in addition to amounts available for such purposes under the heading ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’, $70,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That amounts appropriated in this paragraph are appropriated pursuant to section 1002(b)(3) of the 21st Century Cures Act, are to be derived from amounts trans-ferred under section 1002(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs to the appropriation for ‘‘Department of Health and Human Serv-ices—Food and Drug Administration—Sala-ries and Expenses’’ solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Commissioner that funds transferred pursuant to the pre-vious proviso are not necessary for the pur-poses provided, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to the account: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. INDEPENDENT AGENCY FARMCREDIT ADMINISTRATION  
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  Not to exceed $74,600,000 (from assessments collected from farm credit institutions, in-cluding the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for administrative ex-penses as authorized under 12 U.S.C. 2249: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to expenses associated with receiver-ships: Provided further, That the agency may exceed this limitation by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress. TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS AND TRANSFERS OF  
FUNDS)  S
EC. 701. Within the unit limit of cost fixed by law, appropriations and authorizations made for the Department of Agriculture for the current fiscal year under this Act shall be available for the purchase, in addition to those specifically provided for, of not to ex-ceed 71 passenger motor vehicles of which 68 shall be for replacement only, and for the hire of such vehicles: Provided, That notwith-standing this section, the only purchase of new passenger vehicles shall be for those de-termined by the Secretary to be necessary for transportation safety, to reduce oper-ational costs, and for the protection of life, property, and public safety. S
EC. 702. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may transfer unobligated balances of discre-tionary funds appropriated by this Act or any other available unobligated discre-tionary balances that are remaining avail-able of the Department of Agriculture to the Working Capital Fund for the acquisition of plant and capital equipment necessary for the delivery of financial, administrative, and information technology services of primary benefit to the agencies of the Department of Agriculture, such transferred funds to re-main available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act shall be trans-ferred to the Working Capital Fund without the prior approval of the agency adminis-trator: Provided further, That none of the funds transferred to the Working Capital Fund pursuant to this section shall be avail-able for obligation without written notifica-tion to and the prior approval of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act or made available to the Department’s Working Cap-ital Fund shall be available for obligation or expenditure to make any changes to the De-partment’s National Finance Center without written notification to and prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress as required by section 717 of this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act or made available to the Department’s Working Cap-ital Fund shall be available for obligation or expenditure to initiate, plan, develop, imple-ment, or make any changes to remove or re-locate any systems, missions, or functions of the offices of the Chief Financial Officer or any personnel from the National Finance Center prior to written notification to and prior approval of the Committee on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress and in accordance with the requirements of section 717 of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary of Agriculture and the offices of the Chief Financial Officer shall actively market to existing and new Departments and other government agencies National Finance Center shared services including, but not limited to, payroll, financial management, and human capital shared services and allow the National Finance Center to perform technology upgrades: Provided further, That of annual income amounts in the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agri-culture attributable to the amounts in ex-cess of the true costs of the shared services provided by the National Finance Center and budgeted for the National Finance Center, the Secretary shall reserve not more than 4 percent for the replacement or acquisition of capital equipment, including equipment for the improvement, delivery, and implementa-tion of financial, administrative, and infor-mation technology services, and other sys-tems of the National Finance Center or to pay any unforeseen, extraordinary cost of the National Finance Center: Provided fur-ther, That none of the amounts reserved shall be available for obligation unless the Secretary submits written notification of the obligation to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress: Pro- vided further, That the limitations on the ob-ligation of funds pending notification to Congressional Committees shall not apply to any obligation that, as determined by the Secretary, is necessary to respond to a de-clared state of emergency that significantly impacts the operations of the National Fi-nance Center; or to evacuate employees of the National Finance Center to a safe haven to continue operations of the National Fi-nance Center. SEC. 703. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 704. No funds appropriated by this Act may be used to pay negotiated indirect cost rates on cooperative agreements or similar arrangements between the United States De-partment of Agriculture and nonprofit insti-tutions in excess of 10 percent of the total di-rect cost of the agreement when the purpose of such cooperative arrangements is to carry out programs of mutual interest between the two parties. This does not preclude appro-priate payment of indirect costs on grants and contracts with such institutions when such indirect costs are computed on a simi-lar basis for all agencies for which appropria-tions are provided in this Act. S
EC. 705. Appropriations to the Department of Agriculture for the cost of direct and guaranteed loans made available in the cur-rent fiscal year shall remain available until expended to disburse obligations made in the current fiscal year for the following ac-counts: the Rural Development Loan Fund program account, the Rural Electrification and Telecommunication Loans program ac-count, and the Rural Housing Insurance Fund program account. S
EC. 706. None of the funds made available to the Department of Agriculture by this Act may be used to acquire new information technology systems or significant upgrades, as determined by the Office of the Chief In-formation Officer, without the approval of the Chief Information Officer and the con-currence of the Executive Information Tech-nology Investment Review Board: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or other-wise made available by this Act may be transferred to the Office of the Chief Infor-mation Officer without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress: Provided further, That, notwith-standing section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, none of the funds available to the Department of Agriculture for informa-tion technology shall be obligated for projects, contracts, or other agreements over $25,000 prior to receipt of written approval by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5178 July 23, 2018 
the Chief Information Officer: Provided fur-ther, That the Chief Information Officer may authorize an agency to obligate funds with-out written approval from the Chief Informa-tion Officer for projects, contracts, or other agreements up to $250,000 based upon the per-formance of an agency measured against the performance plan requirements described in the explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 113–235. S
EC. 707. Funds made available under sec-tion 524(b) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1524(b)) in the current fiscal year shall remain available until expended to dis-burse obligations made in the current fiscal year. S
EC. 708. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any former RUS borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured, direct or guaranteed loan under the Rural Electrifica-tion Act of 1936, or any not-for-profit utility that is eligible to receive an insured or di-rect loan under such Act, shall be eligible for assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the same manner as a borrower under such Act. S
EC. 709. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not more than $20,000,000 in unobligated balances from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses in this Act for the Farm Service Agency shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for information technology expenses: Pro- vided, That except as otherwise specifically provided by law, unobligated balances from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses in this Act for the Rural Devel-opment mission area shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for information technology expenses. S
EC. 710. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for first-class travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contraven-tion of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 711. In the case of each program estab-lished or amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79), other than by title I or subtitle A of title III of such Act, or pro-grams for which indefinite amounts were provided in that Act, that is authorized or required to be carried out using funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation— (1) such funds shall be available for salaries and related administrative expenses, includ-ing technical assistance, associated with the implementation of the program, without re-gard to the limitation on the total amount of allotments and fund transfers contained in section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corpora-tion Charter Act (15 U.S.C. 714i); and (2) the use of such funds for such purpose shall not be considered to be a fund transfer or allotment for purposes of applying the limitation on the total amount of allotments and fund transfers contained in such section. S
EC. 712. Of the funds made available by this Act, not more than $2,900,000 shall be used to cover necessary expenses of activi-ties related to all advisory committees, pan-els, commissions, and task forces of the De-partment of Agriculture, except for panels used to comply with negotiated rule makings and panels used to evaluate competitively awarded grants. S
EC. 713. None of the funds in this Act shall be available to pay indirect costs charged against any agricultural research, education, or extension grant awards issued by the Na-tional Institute of Food and Agriculture that exceed 30 percent of total Federal funds pro-vided under each award: Provided, That not- withstanding section 1462 of the National Ag-ricultural Research, Extension, and Teach-ing Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3310), funds provided by this Act for grants awarded com-petitively by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture shall be available to pay full allowable indirect costs for each grant awarded under section 9 of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638). SEC. 714. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 715. Notwithstanding subsection (b) of section 14222 of Public Law 110–246 (7 U.S.C. 612c–6; in this section referred to as ‘‘section 14222’’), none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel to carry out a pro-gram under section 32 of the Act of August 24, 1935 (7 U.S.C. 612c; in this section referred to as ‘‘section 32’’) in excess of $1,299,600,000 (exclusive of carryover appropriations from prior fiscal years), as follows: Child Nutri-tion Programs Entitlement Commodities— $485,000,000; State Option Contracts— $5,000,000; Removal of Defective Commod-ities— $2,500,000; Administration of Section 32 Commodity Purchases—$35,853,000: Pro- vided, That of the total funds made available in the matter preceding this proviso that re-main unobligated on October 1, 2019, such un-obligated balances shall carryover into fiscal year 2020 and shall remain available until ex-pended for any of the purposes of section 32, except that any such carryover funds used in accordance with clause (3) of section 32 may not exceed $350,000,000 and may not be obli-gated until the Secretary of Agriculture pro-vides written notification of the expendi-tures to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least two weeks in advance: Provided further, That, with the exception of any available carry-over funds authorized in any prior appropria-tions Act to be used for the purposes of clause (3) of section 32, none of the funds ap-propriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries or expenses of any employee of the Department of Agriculture to carry out clause (3) of section 32. S
EC. 716. None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel who pre-pare or submit appropriations language as part of the President’s budget submission to the Congress for programs under the juris-diction of the Appropriations Subcommit-tees on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies that assumes revenues or reflects a reduction from the previous year due to user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budg-et unless such budget submission identifies which additional spending reductions should occur in the event the user fees proposals are not enacted prior to the date of the con-vening of a committee of conference for the fiscal year 2020 appropriations Act. S
EC. 717. (a) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous appropria-tions Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or ex-penditure in the current fiscal year, or pro-vided from any accounts in the Treasury de-rived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming, transfer of funds, or reimbursements as authorized by the Economy Act, or in the case of the Depart-ment of Agriculture, through use of the au-thority provided by section 702(b) of the De-partment of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257) or section 8 of Public Law 89– 106 (7 U.S.C. 2263), that— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes offices, programs, or activi-ties; or (6) contracts out or privatizes any func-tions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless the Secretary of Agriculture, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services (as the case may be) notifies in writing and re-ceives approval from the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of the reprogram-ming of such funds or the use of such author-ity. (b) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that re-main available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for ob-ligation or expenditure for activities, pro-grams, or projects through a reprogramming or use of the authorities referred to in sub-section (a) involving funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments existing programs, projects, or activities; (2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as ap-proved by Congress; or (3) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Secretary of Agriculture or the Secretary of Health and Human Services (as the case may be) notifies in writing and receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of the reprogramming or transfer of such funds or the use of such authority. (c) The Secretary of Agriculture or the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall notify in writing and receive approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress before imple-menting any program or activity not carried out during the previous fiscal year unless the program or activity is funded by this Act or specifically funded by any other Act. (d) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that re-main available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for— (1) modifying major capital investments funding levels, including information tech-nology systems, that involves increasing or decreasing funds in the current fiscal year for the individual investment in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent of the total cost, which-ever is less; (2) realigning or reorganizing new, current, or vacant positions or agency activities or functions to establish a center, office, branch, or similar entity with five or more personnel; or (3) carrying out activities or functions that were not described in the budget request; un-less the agencies funded by this Act notify, in writing, the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress at least 30 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5179 July 23, 2018 
days in advance of using the funds for these purposes. (e) As described in this section, no funds may be used for any activities unless the Secretary of Agriculture or the Secretary of Health and Human Services receives from the Committee on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress written or electronic mail confirmation of receipt of the notifica-tion as required in this section. S
EC. 718. Notwithstanding section 310B(g)(5) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(g)(5)), the Secretary may assess a one-time fee for any guaranteed business and industry loan in an amount that does not exceed 3 percent of the guaranteed principal portion of the loan. S
EC. 719. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Agriculture, the Food and Drug Adminis-tration, or the Farm Credit Administration shall be used to transmit or otherwise make available reports, questions, or responses to questions that are a result of information re-quested for the appropriations hearing proc-ess to any non-Department of Agriculture, non-Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, or non-Farm Credit Administration em-ployee. S
EC. 720. Unless otherwise authorized by existing law, none of the funds provided in this Act, may be used by an executive branch agency to produce any prepackaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States unless the story in-cludes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. S
EC. 721. No employee of the Department of Agriculture may be detailed or assigned from an agency or office funded by this Act or any other Act to any other agency or of-fice of the Department for more than 60 days in a fiscal year unless the individual’s em-ploying agency or office is fully reimbursed by the receiving agency or office for the sal-ary and expenses of the employee for the pe-riod of assignment. S
EC. 722. There is hereby appropriated $2,000,000 for a pilot program to provide com-petitive grants to State departments of agri-culture, State cooperative extension serv-ices, and nonprofit organizations to carry out programs to address farmer stress and suicide. S
EC. 723. Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, and the Chairman of the Farm Credit Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress a de-tailed spending plan by program, project, and activity for all the funds made available under this Act including appropriated user fees, as defined in the report accompanying this Act. S
EC. 724. Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available for the supple-mental nutrition program as authorized by section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786), $400,000,000 are hereby re-scinded. S
EC. 725. The Secretary shall continue an intermediary loan packaging program based on the pilot program in effect for fiscal year 2013 for packaging and reviewing section 502 single family direct loans. The Secretary shall continue agreements with current intermediary organizations and with addi-tional qualified intermediary organizations. The Secretary shall work with these organi-zations to increase effectiveness of the sec-tion 502 single family direct loan program in rural communities and shall set aside and make available from the national reserve section 502 loans an amount necessary to support the work of such intermediaries and provide a priority for review of such loans. SEC. 726. For loans and loan guarantees that do not require budget authority and the program level has been established in this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may in-crease the program level for such loans and loan guarantees by not more than 25 percent: Provided, That prior to the Secretary imple-menting such an increase, the Secretary no-tifies, in writing, the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress at least 15 days in advance. S
EC. 727. None of the credit card refunds or rebates transferred to the Working Capital Fund pursuant to section 729 of the Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2002 (7 U.S.C. 2235a; Public Law 107–76) shall be available for obligation without written notification to, and the prior approval of, the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress: Pro- vided, That the refunds or rebates so trans-ferred shall be available for obligation only for the acquisition of plant and capital equipment necessary for the delivery of fi-nancial, administrative, and information technology services of primary benefit to the agencies of the Department of Agriculture. S
EC. 728. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the ‘‘variety’’ require-ments of the final rule entitled ‘‘Enhancing Retailer Standards in the Supplemental Nu-trition Assistance Program (SNAP)’’ pub-lished by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on December 15, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 90675) until the Secretary of Agri-culture amends the definition of the term ‘‘variety’’ as de fined in section 278.1(b)(1)(ii)(C) of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, and ‘‘variety’’ as applied in the definition of the term ‘‘staple food’’ as de-fined in section 271.2 of title 7, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to increase the number of items that qualify as acceptable varieties in each staple food category so that the total number of such items in each staple food cat-egory exceeds the number of such items in each staple food category included in the final rule as published on December 15, 2016: Provided, That until the Secretary promul-gates such regulatory amendments, the Sec-retary shall apply the requirements regard-ing acceptable varieties and breadth of stock to Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Pro-gram retailers that were in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). S
EC. 729. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used— (1) in contravention of section 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 5940); or (2) to prohibit the transportation, proc-essing, sale, or use of industrial hemp, or seeds of such plant, that is grown or cul-tivated in accordance with subsection sec-tion 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014, within or outside the State in which the in-dustrial hemp is grown or cultivated. S
EC. 730. Funds provided by this or any prior Appropriations Act for the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative under 7 U.S.C. 450i(b) shall be made available without re-gard to section 7128 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 3371 note), under the match-ing requirements in laws in effect on the date before the date of enactment of such section: Provided, That the requirements of 7 U.S.C. 450i(b)(9) shall continue to apply. S
EC. 731. In carrying out subsection (h) of section 502 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472), the Secretary of Agriculture shall have the same authority with respect to loans guaranteed under such section and eligible lenders for such loans as the Sec-retary has under subsections (h) and (j) of section 538 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1490p–2) with respect to loans guaranteed under such section 538 and eligible lenders for such loans. SEC. 732. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, promul-gate, or implement any rule, or take any other action with respect to, allowing or re-quiring information intended for a pre-scribing health care professional, in the case of a drug or biological product subject to sec-tion 503(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 353(b)(1)), to be dis-tributed to such professional electronically (in lieu of in paper form) unless and until a Federal law is enacted to allow or require such distribution. S
EC. 733. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to notify a sponsor or otherwise acknowledge receipt of a sub-mission for an exemption for investigational use of a drug or biological product under sec-tion 505(i) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(i)) or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(a)(3)) in research in which a human embryo is intentionally created or modified to include a heritable genetic modi-fication. Any such submission shall be deemed to have not been received by the Sec-retary, and the exemption may not go into effect. S
EC. 734. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to carry out the final rule promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration and put into effect November 16, 2015, in regards to the hazard analysis and risk-based preventive control requirements of the current good manufacturing practice, hazard analysis, and risk-based preventive controls for food for animals rule with respect to the regulation of the production, distribution, sale, or re-ceipt of dried spent grain byproducts of the alcoholic beverage production process. S
EC. 735. There is hereby appropriated $1,996,000 to carry out section 1621 of Public Law 110–246. S
EC. 736. No partially hydrogenated oils as defined in the order published by the Food and Drug Administration in the Federal Reg-ister on June 17, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 34650 et seq.) shall be deemed unsafe within the meaning of section 409(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 348(a)) and no food that is introduced or de-livered for introduction into interstate com-merce that bears or contains a partially hy-drogenated oil shall be deemed adulterated under sections 402(a)(1) or 402(a)(2)(C)(i) of this Act by virtue of bearing or containing a partially hydrogenated oil until the compli-ance date as specified in such order (June 18, 2018). S
EC. 737. There is hereby appropriated $10,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, to carry out section 6407 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107a): Provided, That the Secretary may allow eligible entities to offer loans to customers in any part of their service terri-tory and to offer loans to replace a manufac-tured housing unit with another manufac-tured housing unit, if replacement would be more cost effective in saving energy. S
EC. 738. For fiscal years 2019 through 2025, the Administrators of the Agricultural Re-search Service and the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service may make not to exceed 50 appointments in any fiscal year for employees of such agencies at the National Bio- and Agro-defense Facility (NBAF) in Manhattan, Kansas: Provided, That such ap-pointments may be made in the manner pro-vided by 7 U.S.C. 7657(b)(4)(A)(i-v): Provided further, That such appointments may be made at a rate of basic pay that exceeds the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5180 July 23, 2018 
rate payable for such positions under the General Schedule or the Executive Schedule, or other applicable schedule, as appropriate. S
EC. 739. There is hereby appropriated $1,000,000 for the Secretary to carry out a pilot program that provides forestry inven-tory analysis, forest management and eco-nomic outcomes modelling for certain cur-rently enrolled Conservation Reserve Pro-gram participants. The Secretary shall allow the Commodity Credit Corporation to enter into agreements with and provide grants to qualified non-profit organizations dedicated to conservation, forestry and wildlife habi-tats, that also have experience in conducting accurate forest inventory analysis through the use of advanced, cost-effective tech-nology. The Secretary shall focus the anal-ysis on lands enrolled for at least eight years and located in areas with a substantial con-centration of acres enrolled under conserva-tion practices devoted to multiple bottom-land hardwood tree species including CP03, CP03A, CP11, CP22, CP31 and CP40. S
EC. 740. During fiscal year 2019, the Food and Drug Administration shall not allow the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of any food that contains genetically engineered salmon until the FDA publishes final labeling guidelines for informing consumers of such content. S
EC. 741. In addition to amounts otherwise made available by this Act and notwith-standing the last sentence of 16 U.S.C. 1310, there is appropriated $4,000,000, to remain available until expended, to implement non- renewable agreements on eligible lands, in-cluding flooded agricultural lands, as deter-mined by the Secretary, under the Water Bank Act (16 U.S.C. 1301–1311). S
EC. 742. (a)(1) No Federal funds made available for this fiscal year for the rural water, waste water, waste disposal, and solid waste management programs authorized by sections 306, 306A, 306C, 306D, 306E, and 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 1926 et seq.) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of a public water or wastewater system unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are pro-duced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term ‘‘iron and steel products’’ means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or un-lined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Sec-retary of Agriculture (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) or the designee of the Secretary finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be incon-sistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reason-ably available quantities or of a satisfactory quality; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products pro-duced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Secretary or the designee re-ceives a request for a waiver under this sec-tion, the Secretary or the designee shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Secretary or the designee concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Secretary or the des-ignee shall make the request and accom-panying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Inter-net Web site of the Department. (d) This section shall be applied in a man-ner consistent with United States obliga-tions under international agreements. (e) The Secretary may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Rural Utilities Service—Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account’’ for carrying out the provisions described in sub-section (a)(1) for management and oversight of the requirements of this section. (f) Subsection (a) shall not apply with re-spect to a project for which the engineering plans and specifications include use of iron and steel products otherwise prohibited by such subsection if the plans and specifica-tions have received required approvals from State agencies prior to the date of enact-ment of this Act. (g) For purposes of this section, the terms ‘‘United States’’ and ‘‘State’’ shall include each of the several States, the District of Co-lumbia, and each federally recognized Indian tribe. SEC. 743. The Secretary shall set aside for Rural Economic Area Partnership (REAP) Zones, until August 15, 2019, an amount of funds made available in title III under the headings of Rural Housing Insurance Fund Program Account, Mutual and Self-Help Housing Grants, Rural Housing Assistance Grants, Rural Community Facilities Pro-gram Account, Rural Business Program Ac-count, Rural Development Loan Fund Pro-gram Account, and Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account, equal to the amount obligated in REAP Zones with re-spect to funds provided under such headings in the most recent fiscal year any such funds were obligated under such headings for REAP Zones. S
EC. 744. For the purposes of determining eligibility or level of program assistance for Rural Development programs the Secretary shall not include incarcerated prison popu-lations. S
EC. 745. There is hereby appropriated $1,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for a pilot program for the Secretary to provide grants to qualified non-profit or-ganizations and public housing authorities to provide technical assistance, including fi-nancial and legal services, to RHS multi- family housing borrowers to facilitate the acquisition of RHS multi-family housing properties in areas where the Secretary de-termines a risk of loss of affordable housing, by non-profit housing organizations and pub-lic housing authorities as authorized by law that commit to keep such properties in the RHS multi-family housing program for a pe-riod of time as determined by the Secretary. S
EC. 746. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to com-municate to Members of Congress as de-scribed in 18 U.S.C. 1913. S
EC. 747. (a) The Secretary of Agriculture (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall carry out a pilot program dur-ing fiscal year 2019 with respect to the 2018 crop year for county-level agriculture risk coverage payments under section 1117(b)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017(b)(1)), that provides all or some of the State Farm Service Agency offices in each State the opportunity to provide agricul-tural producers in the State a supplemental payment described in subsection (c) based on the alternate calculation method described in subsection (b) for 1 or more counties in a State if the office for that State determines that the alternate calculation method is nec-essary to ensure that, to the maximum ex-tent practicable, there are not significant yield calculation disparities between com-parable counties in the State. (b) The alternate calculation method re-ferred to in subsection (a) is a method of cal-culating the actual yield for the 2018 crop year for county-level agriculture risk cov-erage payments under section 1117(b)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017(b)(1)), under which— (1) county data of the National Agricul-tural Statistics Service (referred to in this section as ‘‘NASS data’’) is used for the cal-culations; (2) if there is insufficient NASS data for a county (as determined under standards of the Secretary in effect as of the date of en-actment of this Act) or the available NASS data produces a substantially disparate re-sult, the calculation of the county yield is determined using comparable contiguous county NASS data as determined by the Farm Service Agency office in the applicable State; and (3) if there is insufficient NASS data for a comparable contiguous county (as deter-mined under standards of the Secretary in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act), the calculation of the county yield is determined using reliable yield data from other sources, such as Risk Management Agency data, National Agricultural Statis-tics Service district data, National Agricul-tural Statistics Service State yield data, or other data as determined by the Farm Serv-ice Agency office in the applicable State. (c)(1) A supplemental payment made under the pilot program established under this sec-tion may be made to an agricultural pro-ducer who is subject to the alternate calcula-tion method described in subsection (b) if that agricultural producer would otherwise receive a county-level agriculture risk cov-erage payment for the 2018 crop year in an amount that is less than the payment that the agricultural producer would receive under the alternate calculation method. (2) The amount of a supplemental payment to an agricultural producer under this sec-tion may not exceed the difference between— (A) the payment that the agricultural pro-ducer would have received without the alter-nate calculation method described in sub-section (b); and (B) the payment that the agricultural pro-ducer would receive using the alternate cal-culation method. (d)(1) There is appropriated to the Sec-retary, out of funds of the Treasury not oth-erwise appropriated, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, to carry out the pilot program described in this sec-tion. (2) Of the funds appropriated, the Sec-retary shall use not more than $5,000,000 to carry out the pilot program described in this section. (e)(1) To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall select States to partici-pate in the pilot program under this section so the cost of the pilot program equals the amount provided under subsection (d). (2) To the extent that the cost of the pilot program exceeds the amount made available, the Secretary shall reduce all payments under the pilot program on a pro rata basis. (f) Nothing in this section affects the cal-culation of actual yield for purposes of coun-ty-level agriculture risk coverage payments under section 1117(b)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017(b)(1)) other than payments made in accordance with the pilot program under this section. (g) A calculation of actual yield made using the alternate calculation method de-scribed in subsection (b) shall not be used as a basis for any agriculture risk coverage payment determinations under section 1117 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017) other than for purposes of the pilot program under this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5181 July 23, 2018 
SEC. 748. The Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary’s designees are hereby granted the same access to information and subject to the same requirements applicable to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment as provided in section 453 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 653) and section 6103(1)(7)(D)(ix) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 1603(1)(7)(D)(ix)) to verify the income for individuals participating in sections 502, 504, 521, and 542 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472, 1474, 1490a, and 1490r), notwithstanding section 453(l)(1) of the Social Security Act. S
EC. 749. In addition to any other funds made available in this Act or any other Act, there is appropriated $5,000,000 to carry out section 18(g)(8) of the Richard B. Russell Na-tional School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769(g)), to remain available until expended. S
EC. 750. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Food and Drug Administration to develop, issue, pro-mote, or advance any regulations applicable to food manufacturers for population-wide sodium reduction actions or to develop, issue, promote or advance final guidance ap-plicable to food manufacturers for long term population-wide sodium reduction actions until the date on which a dietary reference intake report with respect to sodium is com-pleted. S
EC. 751. There is hereby appropriated $1,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, for the cost of loans and grants that is consistent with section 4206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014, for necessary expenses of the Secretary to support projects that provide access to healthy food in under-served areas, to create and preserve quality jobs, and to revitalize low-income commu-nities. S
EC. 752. For an additional amount for ‘‘Animal and Plant Health Inspection Serv-ice—Salaries and Expenses’’, $7,500,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020, for one-time control and management and asso-ciated activities directly related to the mul-tiple-agency response to citrus greening. S
EC. 753. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to en-force the final rule promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration entitled ‘‘Stand-ards for the Growing, Harvesting, Packing, and Holding of Produce for Human Consump-tion,’’ and published on November 27, 2015, with respect to the regulation of the produc-tion, distribution, sale, or receipt of grape varietals that are grown, harvested and used solely for wine and receive commercial proc-essing that adequately reduces the presence of microorganisms of public health signifi-cance. S
EC. 754. There is hereby appropriated $20,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for an additional amount for tele-medicine and distance learning services in rural areas, as authorized by 7 U.S.C 950aaa et seq., to help address the opioid epidemic in rural America. S
EC. 755. There is hereby appropriated $5,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, for a pilot program for the National Institute of Food and Agriculture to provide grants to nonprofit organizations for programs and services to establish and enhance farming and ranching opportunities for military veterans. S
EC. 756. There is hereby appropriated $425,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for an additional amount for Sec. 779 of P.L. 115–141. S
EC. 757. For an additional amount for the cost of direct loans and grants made under the ‘‘Rural Water and Waste Disposal Pro-gram Account’’, $400,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended. S
EC. 758. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel— (1) to inspect horses under section 3 of the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 603); (2) to inspect horses under section 903 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 1901 note; Public Law 104–127); or (3) to implement or enforce section 352.19 of title 9, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation). This division may be cited as the ‘‘Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION D—TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban De-velopment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary, $113,535,000, of which not to ex-ceed $3,001,000 shall be available for the im-mediate Office of the Secretary; not to ex-ceed $1,040,000 shall be available for the im-mediate Office of the Deputy Secretary; not to exceed $20,428,000 shall be available for the Office of the General Counsel; not to exceed $10,265,000 shall be available for the Office of the Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy; not to exceed $14,019,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Sec-retary for Budget and Programs; not to ex-ceed $2,550,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Govern-mental Affairs; not to exceed $29,244,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration; not to exceed $2,142,000 shall be available for the Office of Public Affairs; not to exceed $1,835,000 shall be available for the Office of the Executive Secretariat; not to exceed $12,325,000 shall be available for the Office of Intelligence, Secu-rity, and Emergency Response; and not to exceed $16,686,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Information Officer: Pro- vided, That the Secretary of Transportation is authorized to transfer funds appropriated for any office of the Office of the Secretary to any other office of the Office of the Sec-retary: Provided further, That no appropria-tion for any office shall be increased or de-creased by more than 5 percent by all such transfers: Provided further, That notice of any change in funding greater than 5 percent shall be submitted for approval to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That not to exceed $60,000 shall be for allocation within the Depart-ment for official reception and representa-tion expenses as the Secretary may deter-mine: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, excluding fees au-thorized in Public Law 107–71, there may be credited to this appropriation up to $2,500,000 in funds received in user fees: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for the position of As-sistant Secretary for Public Affairs. 
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses related to the Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology, $8,471,000, of which $2,218,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That there may be credited to this appropriation, to be available until ex-pended, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training: Provided further, That any reference in law, regulation, judicial proceedings, or elsewhere to the Research and Innovative Technology Administration shall continue to be deemed to be a reference to the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology of the Department of Transpor-tation. NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENTS  For capital investments in surface trans-portation infrastructure, $1,000,000,000, to re-main available through September 30, 2021: Provided, That the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall distribute funds provided under this heading as discretionary grants to be awarded to a State, local government, tran-sit agency, port authority, or a collaboration among such entities on a competitive basis for projects that will have a significant local or regional impact: Provided further, That projects eligible for funding provided under this heading shall include, but not be limited to, highway or bridge projects eligible under title 23, United States Code; public transpor-tation projects eligible under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code; passenger and freight rail transportation projects; and port infrastructure investments (including inland port infrastructure and land ports of entry): Provided further, That of the amount made available under this heading, the Secretary may use an amount not to exceed $15,000,000 for the planning, preparation or design of projects eligible for funding under this head-ing: Provided further, That grants awarded under the previous proviso shall not be sub-ject to a minimum grant size: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary may use up to 20 percent of the funds made available under this heading for the purpose of paying the subsidy and administrative costs of projects eligible for Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code, or sections 501 through 504 of the Railroad Revi-talization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–210), as amended, if the Sec-retary finds that such use of the funds would advance the purposes of this paragraph: Pro- vided further, That in distributing funds pro-vided under this heading, the Secretary shall take such measures so as to ensure an equi-table geographic distribution of funds, an ap-propriate balance in addressing the needs of urban and rural areas, and the investment in a variety of transportation modes: Provided further, That a grant funded under this head-ing shall be not less than $5,000,000 and not greater than $25,000,000: Provided further, That not more than 10 percent of the funds made available under this heading may be awarded to projects in a single State: Pro- vided further, That the Federal share of the costs for which an expenditure is made under this heading shall be, at the option of the re-cipient, up to 80 percent: Provided further, That the Secretary shall give priority to projects that require a contribution of Fed-eral funds in order to complete an overall fi-nancing package: Provided further, That not less than 30 percent of the funds provided under this heading shall be for projects lo-cated in rural areas: Provided further, That for projects located in rural areas, the min-imum grant size shall be $1,000,000 and the Secretary may increase the Federal share of costs above 80 percent: Provided further, That projects conducted using funds provided under this heading must comply with the re-quirements of subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code: Provided further, That the Secretary shall conduct a new com-petition to select the grants and credit as-sistance awarded under this heading: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary may retain up to $25,000,000 of the funds provided under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5182 July 23, 2018 
this heading, and may transfer portions of those funds to the Administrators of the Federal Highway Administration, the Fed-eral Transit Administration, the Federal Railroad Administration, and the Maritime Administration to fund the award and over-sight of grants and credit assistance made under the National Infrastructure Invest-ments program: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in the previous proviso may be used to hire additional personnel: Provided further, That the Secretary shall consider and award projects based solely on the selection criteria from the fiscal year 2016 Notice of Funding Opportunity: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not use the Federal share or an applicant’s ability to generate non-Federal revenue as a selection criteria in awarding projects: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall issue the No-tice of Funding Opportunity no later than 60 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Notice of Funding Oppor-tunity shall require application submissions 90 days after the publishing of such Notice: Provided further, That of the applications submitted under the previous two provisos, the Secretary shall make grants no later than 270 days after enactment of this Act in such amounts that the Secretary deter-mines. 
NATIONAL SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND  
INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU  For necessary expenses of the National Surface Transportation and Innovative Fi-nance Bureau as authorized by 49 U.S.C. 116, $2,987,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT CAPITAL  For necessary expenses for upgrading and enhancing the Department of Transpor-tation’s financial systems and re-engineering business processes, $2,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020. 
CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVES  For necessary expenses for cyber security initiatives, including necessary upgrades to wide area network and information tech-nology infrastructure, improvement of net-work perimeter controls and identity man-agement, testing and assessment of informa-tion technology against business, security, and other requirements, implementation of Federal cyber security initiatives and infor-mation infrastructure enhancements, and implementation of enhanced security con-trols on network devices, $15,000,000, to re-main available through September 30, 2020. 
OFFICE OF CIVIL RIGHTS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Civil Rights, $9,470,000. 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING , RESEARCH , AND 
DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses for conducting transportation planning, research, systems development, development activities, and making grants, $7,879,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $1,000,000 shall be for necessary ex-penses for the Interagency Infrastructure Permitting Improvement Center (IIPIC): Pro- vided further, That there may be transferred to this appropriation, to remain available until expended, amounts transferred from other Federal agencies for expenses incurred under this heading for IIPIC activities not related to transportation infrastructure: Pro- vided further, That the tools and analysis de-veloped by the IIPIC shall be available to other Federal agencies for the permitting and review of major infrastructure projects not related to transportation only to the ex-tent that other Federal agencies provide funding to the Department as provided for under the previous proviso. WORKING CAPITAL FUND  For necessary expenses for operating costs and capital outlays of the Working Capital Fund, not to exceed $203,883,000, shall be paid from appropriations made available to the Department of Transportation: Provided, That such services shall be provided on a competitive basis to entities within the De-partment of Transportation: Provided further, That the above limitation on operating ex-penses shall not apply to non-DOT entities: Provided further, That no funds appropriated in this Act to an agency of the Department shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund without majority approval of the Working Capital Fund Steering Committee and approval of the Secretary: Provided fur-ther, That no assessments may be levied against any program, budget activity, sub-activity or project funded by this Act unless notice of such assessments and the basis therefor are presented to the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations and are approved by such Committees. 
MINORITY BUSINESS RESOURCE CENTER  
PROGRAM  For necessary expenses of the Minority Business Resource Center, the provision of financial education outreach activities to el-igible transportation-related small busi-nesses, the monitoring of existing loans in the guaranteed loan program, and the modi-fication of such loans of the Minority Busi-ness Resource Center, $249,000, as authorized by 49 U.S.C. 332: Provided, That notwith-standing that section, these funds may be for business opportunities related to any mode of transportation. 
SMALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS  
UTILIZATION AND OUTREACH  For necessary expenses for small and dis-advantaged business utilization and outreach activities, $3,488,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That not- withstanding 49 U.S.C. 332, these funds may be used for business opportunities related to any mode of transportation. 
PAYMENTS TO AIR CARRIERS  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  In addition to funds made available from any other source to carry out the essential air service program under 49 U.S.C. 41731 through 41742, $175,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That in determining between or among car-riers competing to provide service to a com-munity, the Secretary may consider the rel-ative subsidy requirements of the carriers: Provided further, That basic essential air service minimum requirements shall not in-clude the 15-passenger capacity requirement under subsection 41732(b)(3) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act or any other Act shall be used to enter into a new con-tract with a community located less than 40 miles from the nearest small hub airport be-fore the Secretary has negotiated with the community over a local cost share: Provided further, That amounts authorized to be dis-tributed for the essential air service program under subsection 41742(b) of title 49, United States Code, shall be made available imme-diately from amounts otherwise provided to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration: Provided further, That the Administrator may reimburse such amounts from fees credited to the account established under section 45303 of title 49, United States Code. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —OFFICE OF THE  
SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this Act to the Department of Transpor-tation may be obligated for the Office of the Secretary of Transportation to approve as-sessments or reimbursable agreements per-taining to funds appropriated to the modal administrations in this Act, except for ac-tivities underway on the date of enactment of this Act, unless such assessments or agreements have completed the normal re-programming process for Congressional noti-fication. SEC. 102. The Secretary shall post on the Web site of the Department of Transpor-tation a schedule of all meetings of the Council on Credit and Finance, including the agenda for each meeting, and require the Council on Credit and Finance to record the decisions and actions of each meeting. S
EC. 103. In addition to authority provided by section 327 of title 49, United States Code, the Department’s Working Capital Fund is hereby authorized to provide partial or full payments in advance and accept subsequent reimbursements from all Federal agencies from available funds for transit benefit dis-tribution services that are necessary to carry out the Federal transit pass transpor-tation fringe benefit program under Execu-tive Order No. 13150 and section 3049 of Pub-lic Law 109–59: Provided, That the Depart-ment shall maintain a reasonable operating reserve in the Working Capital Fund, to be expended in advance to provide uninter-rupted transit benefits to Government em-ployees: Provided further, That such reserve will not exceed one month of benefits pay-able and may be used only for the purpose of providing for the continuation of transit benefits: Provided further, That the Working Capital Fund will be fully reimbursed by each customer agency from available funds for the actual cost of the transit benefit. F
EDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses of the Federal Aviation Administration, not otherwise pro-vided for, including operations and research activities related to commercial space trans-portation, administrative expenses for re-search and development, establishment of air navigation facilities, the operation (in-cluding leasing) and maintenance of aircraft, subsidizing the cost of aeronautical charts and maps sold to the public, the lease or pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only, in addition to amounts made available by Public Law 112–95, $10,410,758,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, of which $9,833,400,000 shall be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, of which not to exceed $7,843,427,000 shall be available for air traffic organization activities; not to exceed $1,334,377,000 shall be available for aviation safety activities; not to exceed $24,981,000 shall be available for commercial space transportation activities; not to exceed $816,562,000 shall be available for finance and management activities; not to exceed $61,796,000 shall be available for NextGen and operations planning activities; not to exceed $114,312,000 shall be available for security and hazardous materials safety; and not to ex-ceed $215,303,000 shall be available for staff offices: Provided, That not to exceed 5 per-cent of any budget activity, except for avia-tion safety budget activity, may be trans-ferred to any budget activity under this heading: Provided further, That no transfer may increase or decrease any appropriation by more than 5 percent: Provided further, That any transfer in excess of 5 percent shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 405 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5183 July 23, 2018 
not later than March 31 of each fiscal year hereafter, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall transmit to Congress an annual update to the report sub-mitted to Congress in December 2004 pursu-ant to section 221 of Public Law 108–176: Pro- vided further, That the amount herein appro-priated shall be reduced by $100,000 for each day after March 31 that such report has not been submitted to the Congress: Provided fur-ther, That not later than March 31 of each fiscal year hereafter, the Administrator shall transmit to Congress a companion report that describes a comprehensive strategy for staffing, hiring, and training flight standards and aircraft certification staff in a format similar to the one utilized for the controller staffing plan, including stated attrition esti-mates and numerical hiring goals by fiscal year: Provided further, That the amount here-in appropriated shall be reduced by $100,000 per day for each day after March 31 that such report has not been submitted to Congress: Provided further, That funds may be used to enter into a grant agreement with a non-profit standard-setting organization to assist in the development of aviation safety stand-ards: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for new appli-cants for the second career training pro-gram: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the Federal Aviation Administration to finalize or implement any regulation that would pro-mulgate new aviation user fees not specifi-cally authorized by law after the date of the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That there may be credited to this appropriation, as offsetting collections, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, foreign au-thorities, other public authorities, and pri-vate sources for expenses incurred in the pro-vision of agency services, including receipts for the maintenance and operation of air navigation facilities, and for issuance, re-newal or modification of certificates, includ-ing airman, aircraft, and repair station cer-tificates, or for tests related thereto, or for processing major repair or alteration forms: Provided further, That of the funds appro-priated under this heading, not less than $168,000,000 shall be used to fund direct oper-ations of the current 254 air traffic control towers in the contract tower program, in-cluding the contract tower cost share pro-gram, and any airport that is currently qualified or that will qualify for the program during the fiscal year: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act for aeronautical charting and cartography are available for activities conducted by, or coordinated through, the Working Capital Fund: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to eliminate the Contract Weather Observers program at any airport. 
FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for acquisition, establishment, technical support services, improvement by contract or purchase, and hire of national airspace systems and experimental facilities and equipment, as authorized under part A of subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, including initial acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant; engineering and serv-ice testing, including construction of test fa-cilities and acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant; construction and furnishing of quarters and related accommodations for officers and employees of the Federal Avia-tion Administration stationed at remote lo-calities where such accommodations are not available; and the purchase, lease, or trans-fer of aircraft from funds available under this heading, including aircraft for aviation regulation and certification; to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, $3,000,000,000, of which $512,823,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2020, $2,362,977,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021, and $124,200,000 shall re-main available until expended: Provided, That there may be credited to this appro-priation funds received from States, coun-ties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources, for expenses incurred in the establishment, improvement, and mod-ernization of national airspace systems: Pro- vided further, That no later than March 31, the Secretary of Transportation shall trans-mit to the Congress an investment plan for the Federal Aviation Administration which includes funding for each budget line item for fiscal years 2020 through 2024, with total funding for each year of the plan constrained to the funding targets for those years as esti-mated and approved by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget. RESEARCH , ENGINEERING , AND DEVELOPMENT  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for research, engineering, and de-velopment, as authorized under part A of subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, including construction of experimental fa-cilities and acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant, $191,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That there may be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections, funds received from States, counties, municipali-ties, other public authorities, and private sources, which shall be available for ex-penses incurred for research, engineering, and development. 
GRANTS -IN-AID FOR AIRPORTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For liquidation of obligations incurred for grants-in-aid for airport planning and devel-opment, and noise compatibility planning and programs as authorized under sub-chapter I of chapter 471 and subchapter I of chapter 475 of title 49, United States Code, and under other law authorizing such obliga-tions; for procurement, installation, and commissioning of runway incursion preven-tion devices and systems at airports of such title; for grants authorized under section 41743 of title 49, United States Code; and for inspection activities and administration of airport safety programs, including those re-lated to airport operating certificates under section 44706 of title 49, United States Code, $3,000,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That none of the funds under this heading shall be avail-able for the planning or execution of pro-grams the obligations for which are in excess of $3,350,000,000 in fiscal year 2019, notwith-standing section 47117(g) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That none of the funds under this heading shall be avail-able for the replacement of baggage con-veyor systems, reconfiguration of terminal baggage areas, or other airport improve-ments that are necessary to install bulk ex-plosive detection systems: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 47109(a) of title 49, United States Code, the Govern-ment’s share of allowable project costs under paragraph (2) for subgrants or paragraph (3) of that section shall be 95 percent for a project at other than a large or medium hub airport that is a successive phase of a multi- phased construction project for which the project sponsor received a grant in fiscal year 2011 for the construction project: Pro- vided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, of funds limited under this heading, not more than $112,600,000 shall be available for administration, not less than $15,000,000 shall be available for the Airport Cooperative Research Program, not less than $33,210,000 shall be available for Airport Technology Research, and $10,000,000, to re-main available until expended, shall be available and transferred to ‘‘Office of the Secretary, Salaries and Expenses’’ to carry out the Small Community Air Service Devel-opment Program: Provided further, That in addition to airports eligible under section 41743 of title 49, United States Code, such program may include the participation of an airport that serves a community or consor-tium that is not larger than a small hub air-port, according to FAA hub classifications effective at the time the Office of the Sec-retary issues a request for proposals. GRANTS -IN-AID FOR AIRPORTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Grants-In- Aid for Airports’’, to enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants for projects as authorized by subchapter 1 of chapter 471 and subchapter 1 of chapter 475 of title 49, United States Code, $750,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021: Pro- vided, That amounts made available under this heading shall be derived from the gen-eral fund, and such funds shall not be subject to apportionment formulas, special appor-tionment categories, or minimum percent-ages under chapter 471: Provided further, That the Secretary shall distribute funds provided under this heading as discretionary grants to airports: Provided further, That the amount made available under this heading shall not be subject to any limitation on obligations for the Grants-in-Aid for Airports program set forth in any Act: Provided further, That the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may retain up to 0.5 percent of the funds provided under this heading to fund the award and oversight by the Admin-istrator of grants made under this heading. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 110. None of the funds in this Act may be used to compensate in excess of 600 tech-nical staff-years under the federally funded research and development center contract between the Federal Aviation Administra-tion and the Center for Advanced Aviation Systems Development during fiscal year 2019. S
EC. 111. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to pursue or adopt guidelines or reg-ulations requiring airport sponsors to pro-vide to the Federal Aviation Administration without cost building construction, mainte-nance, utilities and expenses, or space in air-port sponsor-owned buildings for services re-lating to air traffic control, air navigation, or weather reporting: Provided, That the pro-hibition of funds in this section does not apply to negotiations between the agency and airport sponsors to achieve agreement on ‘‘below-market’’ rates for these items or to grant assurances that require airport sponsors to provide land without cost to the Federal Aviation Administration for air traf-fic control facilities. S
EC. 112. The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may reimburse amounts made available to satisfy 49 U.S.C. 41742(a)(1) from fees credited under 49 U.S.C. 45303 and any amount remaining in such ac-count at the close of that fiscal year may be made available to satisfy section 41742(a)(1) for the subsequent fiscal year. S
EC. 113. Amounts collected under section 40113(e) of title 49, United States Code, shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5184 July 23, 2018 
be credited to the appropriation current at the time of collection, to be merged with and available for the same purposes of such ap-propriation. S
EC. 114. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for paying premium pay under subsection 5546(a) of title 5, United States Code, to any Federal Aviation Administra-tion employee unless such employee actually performed work during the time cor-responding to such premium pay. S
EC. 115. None of the funds in this Act may be obligated or expended for an employee of the Federal Aviation Administration to pur-chase a store gift card or gift certificate through use of a Government-issued credit card. S
EC. 116. None of the funds in this Act may be obligated or expended for retention bo-nuses for an employee of the Federal Avia-tion Administration without the prior writ-ten approval of the Assistant Secretary for Administration of the Department of Trans-portation. S
EC. 117. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds made available under this Act or any prior Act may be used to implement or to continue to implement any limitation on the ability of any owner or operator of a private aircraft to obtain, upon a request to the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, a blocking of that owner’s or operator’s aircraft registra-tion number from any display of the Federal Aviation Administration’s Aircraft Situa-tional Display to Industry data that is made available to the public, except data made available to a Government agency, for the noncommercial flights of that owner or oper-ator. S
EC. 118. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for salaries and expenses of more than eight political and Presidential appointees in the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration. S
EC. 119. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to increase fees pursuant to section 44721 of title 49, United States Code, until the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration provides to the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations a report that justifies all fees related to aeronautical navigation products and explains how such fees are consistent with Executive Order 13642. S
EC. 119A. None of the funds in this Act may be used to close a regional operations center of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion or reduce its services unless the Admin-istrator notifies the House and Senate Com-mittees on Appropriations not less than 90 full business days in advance. S
EC. 119B. None of the funds appropriated or limited by this Act may be used to change weight restrictions or prior permission rules at Teterboro airport in Teterboro, New Jer-sey. S
EC. 119C. None of the funds provided under this Act may be used by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to withhold from consideration and approval any new application for participation in the Contract Tower Program, or for reevaluation of Cost-share Program participants, as long as the Federal Aviation Administration has received an application from the airport, and as long as the Administrator determines such tower is eligible using the factors set forth in the Federal Aviation Administration report, Establishment and Discontinuance Criteria for Airport Traffic Control Towers (FAA–APO–90–7 as of August, 1990). S
EC. 119D. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, none of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be obligated or ex-pended to limit the use of an Organization Designation Authorization’s (ODA) delegated functions documented in its procedures man-ual on a type certification project unless the Administrator documents a systemic air-worthiness noncompliance performance issue as a result of inspection or oversight that the safety of air commerce requires a limita-tion with regard to a specific authorization or where an ODA’s capability has not been previously established in terms of a new compliance method or design feature: Pro- vided, That in such cases the Federal Avia-tion Administration shall work with the ODA holder if requested to develop the capa-bility to execute that function safely, effi-ciently and effectively. SEC. 119E. (a) T ERMINAL AERODROME FORE-
CAST.—The Administrator shall permit an air carrier operation under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to operate to a destination determined to be under vis-ual flight rules without a Terminal Aero-drome Forecast or Meteorological Aero-drome Report if a current Area Forecast, supplemented by other local weather obser-vations or reports, is available, and an alter-nate airport that has an available Terminal Aerodome Forecast and weather report is specified. The air carrier shall have approved procedures for dispatch and enroute weather evaluation and shall operate under instru-ment flight rules enroute to the destination. (b) L
IMITATION .—Without a written finding of necessity, based on objective and histor-ical evidence of imminent threat to safety, the Administrator shall not promulgate any operation specification, policy, or guidance document that is more restrictive than, or requires procedures that are not expressly stated in, the regulations. S
EC. 119F. Of the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Grants-in-aid for Airports’’, up to $3,500,000 shall be for necessary expenses, in-cluding an independent verification regime, to provide reimbursement to airport spon-sors that do not provide gateway operations and providers of general aviation ground sup-port services located at those airports closed during a temporary flight restriction (TFR) for any residence of the President that is designated or identified to be secured by the United States Secret Service, and for direct and incremental financial losses incurred while such airports are closed solely due to the actions of the Federal Government: Pro- vided, That no funds shall be obligated or dis-tributed to airport sponsors that do not pro-vide gateway operations and providers of general aviation ground support services until an independent audit is completed: Pro- vided further, That losses incurred as a result of violations of law, or through fault or neg-ligence, of such operators and service pro-viders or of third parties (including airports) are not eligible for reimbursements: Provided further, That obligation and expenditure of funds are conditional upon full release of the United States Government for all claims for financial losses resulting from such actions. F
EDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Not to exceed $446,444,304, together with advances and reimbursements received by the Federal Highway Administration, shall be obligated for necessary expenses for ad-ministration and operation of the Federal Highway Administration. In addition, $3,248,000 shall be transferred to the Appa-lachian Regional Commission in accordance with section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code. 
FEDERAL -AID HIGHWAYS  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  Funds available for the implementation or execution of Federal-aid highway and high-way safety construction programs author-ized under titles 23 and 49, United States Code, and the provisions of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act shall not exceed total obligations of $45,268,596,000 for fiscal year 2019: Provided, That the Secretary may collect and spend fees, as authorized by title 23, United States Code, to cover the costs of services of expert firms, including counsel, in the field of municipal and project finance to assist in the underwriting and servicing of Federal credit instruments and all or a portion of the costs to the Federal Government of servicing such credit instru-ments: Provided further, That such fees are available until expended to pay for such costs: Provided further, That such amounts are in addition to administrative expenses that are also available for such purpose, and are not subject to any obligation limitation or the limitation on administrative expenses under section 608 of title 23, United States Code. (LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For the payment of obligations incurred in carrying out Federal-aid highway and high-way safety construction programs author-ized under title 23, United States Code, $46,007,596,000 derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count), to remain available until expended. 
HIGHWAY INFRASTRUCTURE PROGRAMS  There is hereby appropriated to the Sec-retary of Transportation $3,300,000,000: Pro- vided, That the amounts made available under this heading shall be derived from the general fund, shall be in addition to any funds provided for fiscal year 2019 in this or any other Act for ‘‘Federal-aid Highways’’ under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, and shall not affect the distribution or amount of funds provided in any other Act: Provided further, That section 1101(b) of Pub-lic Law 114–94 shall apply to funds made available under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available under this heading, $2,389,200,000 shall be set aside for activities eligible under section 133(b)(1)(A) of title 23, United States Code, $15,800,000 shall be set aside for activities eli-gible under the Puerto Rico Highway Pro-gram as described in section 165(b)(2)(C) of such title, $5,000,000 shall be set aside for ac-tivities eligible under the Territorial High-way Program, as described in section 165(c)(6) of such title, $90,000,000 shall be set aside for the elimination of hazards and in-stallation of protective devices at railway- highway crossings, as described in section 130(e)(1)(A) of such title, and $800,000,000 shall be set aside for a bridge replacement and re-habilitation program for States: Provided further, That for purposes of this heading, the term ‘‘State’’ means any of the 50 States or the District of Columbia: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for activities eligible under section 133(b)(1)(A) of title 23, United States Code, shall be suballocated in the manner de-scribed in section 133(d) of such title, except that the set-aside described in section 133(h) of such title shall not apply to funds made available under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That the funds made available under this heading for (1) activities eligible under section 133(b)(1)(A) of such title (2) the elimi-nation of hazards and installation of protec-tive devices at railway-highway crossings, and (3) a bridge replacement and rehabilita-tion program shall be administered as if ap-portioned under chapter 1 of such title and shall remain available through September 30, 2022: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for activi-ties eligible under section 133(b)(1)(A) of title 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5185 July 23, 2018 
23, United States Code, shall be apportioned to the States in the same ratio as the obliga-tion limitation for fiscal year 2019 is distrib-uted among the States in section 120(a)(5) of this Act: Provided further, That, except as provided in the following proviso, the funds made available under this heading for activi-ties eligible under the Puerto Rico Highway Program and activities eligible under the Territorial Highway Program shall be ad-ministered as if allocated under sections 165(b) and 165(c), respectively, of such title and shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for activities eligible under the Puerto Rico Highway Program shall not be subject to the requirements of sections 165(b)(2)(A) or 165(b)(2)(B) of such title: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for the elimination of hazards and installation of protective devices at railway- highway crossings shall be apportioned to the States as described in sections 130(f)(1) and (f)(2) of such title: Provided further, That at least one-half of the funds made available to a State under this heading for the elimi-nation of hazards and installation of protec-tive devices at railway-highway crossings shall be available for the installation of pro-tective devices at railway-highway cross-ings: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for the elimi-nation of hazards and installation of protec-tive devices at railway-highway crossings shall be subject to the special rule described in section 130(e)(2) of such title: Provided fur-ther, That projects carried out with funds made available under this heading for the elimination of hazards and installation of protective devices at railway-highway cross-ings shall be (1) subject to sections 130(b), (c), and (j) of such title, (2) included in the an-nual report described in section 130(g) of such title, and (3) subject to the Federal share requirement described in section 130(f)(3) of such title: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for the elimination of hazards and installa-tion of protective devices at railway-high-way crossings shall be (1) available for matching, as described in section 130(h) of such title, subject to the requirements of such section, (2) available for incentive pay-ments, as described in section 130(i) of such title, subject to the requirements of such section, and (3) subject to the limitation in section 130(k) of such title: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for a bridge replacement and reha-bilitation program shall be used for highway bridge replacement or rehabilitation projects on public roads: Provided further, That except as provided in the following proviso the funds made available under this heading for a bridge replacement and rehabilitation pro-gram shall be used in areas of a State that have a population of 200,000 or fewer individ-uals: Provided further, That if a State has no bridges located in areas with a population of 200,000 or fewer individuals, or if a State has no bridge replacement or rehabilitation needs in areas of the State with a population of 200,000 or fewer individuals, the funds made available under this heading for a bridge replacement and rehabilitation pro-gram may be used for highway bridge re-placement or rehabilitation projects on pub-lic roads in any area of the State: Provided further, That the Secretary shall distribute funds made available under this heading for the bridge replacement and rehabilitation program to each State by the proportion that the percentage of total deck area of bridges classified as in poor condition in each State bears to the sum of the percent-ages of total deck area of bridges classified as in poor condition in all States: Provided further, That for purposes of this heading for the bridge replacement and rehabilitation program, the Secretary shall (1) calculate population based on the latest available data from the decennial census conducted under section 141(a) of title 13, United States Code, and (2) calculate the percentages of total deck area of bridges classified as in poor con-dition based on the National Bridge Inven-tory as of December 31, 2017. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 120. (a) For fiscal year 2019, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall— (1) not distribute from the obligation limi-tation for Federal-aid highways— (A) amounts authorized for administrative expenses and programs by section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code; and (B) amounts authorized for the Bureau of Transportation Statistics; (2) not distribute an amount from the obli-gation limitation for Federal-aid highways that is equal to the unobligated balance of amounts— (A) made available from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count) for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Sec-retary under sections 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and (B) for which obligation limitation was provided in a previous fiscal year; (3) determine the proportion that— (A) the obligation limitation for Federal- aid highways, less the aggregate of amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection; bears to (B) the total of the sums authorized to be appropriated for the Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs (other than sums authorized to be appro-priated for provisions of law described in paragraphs (1) through (11) of subsection (b) and sums authorized to be appropriated for section 119 of title 23, United States Code, equal to the amount referred to in sub-section (b)(12) for such fiscal year), less the aggregate of the amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this sub-section; (4) distribute the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2), for each of the programs (other than programs to which paragraph (1) ap-plies) that are allocated by the Secretary under the Fixing America’s Surface Trans-portation Act and title 23, United States Code, or apportioned by the Secretary under sections 202 or 204 of that title, by multi-plying— (A) the proportion determined under para-graph (3); by (B) the amounts authorized to be appro-priated for each such program for such fiscal year; and (5) distribute the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) and the amounts distributed under paragraph (4), for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs that are apportioned by the Secretary under title 23, United States Code, (other than the amounts apportioned for the National High-way Performance Program in section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are exempt from the limitation under subsection (b)(12) and the amounts apportioned under sections 202 and 204 of that title) in the proportion that— (A) amounts authorized to be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to each State for such fiscal year; bears to (B) the total of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to all States for such fiscal year. (b) EXCEPTIONS FROM OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TION.—The obligation limitation for Federal- aid highways shall not apply to obligations under or for— (1) section 125 of title 23, United States Code; (2) section 147 of the Surface Transpor-tation Assistance Act of 1978 (23 U.S.C. 144 note; 92 Stat. 2714); (3) section 9 of the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1981 (95 Stat. 1701); (4) subsections (b) and (j) of section 131 of the Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); (5) subsections (b) and (c) of section 149 of the Surface Transportation and Uniform Re-location Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); (6) sections 1103 through 1108 of the Inter-modal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2027); (7) section 157 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect on June 8, 1998); (8) section 105 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); (9) Federal-aid highway programs for which obligation authority was made avail-able under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (112 Stat. 107) or subse-quent Acts for multiple years or to remain available until expended, but only to the ex-tent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used; (10) section 105 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); (11) section 1603 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that sec-tion were not subject to a limitation on obli-gations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; and (12) section 119 of title 23, United States Code (but, for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2019, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000). (c) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNUSED OBLIGATION  A
UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary shall, after August 1 of such fiscal year— (1) revise a distribution of the obligation limitation made available under subsection (a) if an amount distributed cannot be obli-gated during that fiscal year; and (2) redistribute sufficient amounts to those States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of Public Law 112–141) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. (d) A
PPLICABILITY OF OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TIONS TO TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways shall apply to contract authority for transportation research pro-grams carried out under— (A) chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code; and (B) title VI of the Fixing America’s Sur-face Transportation Act. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Obligation authority made available under paragraph (1) shall— (A) remain available for a period of 4 fiscal years; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5186 July 23, 2018 
(B) be in addition to the amount of any limitation imposed on obligations for Fed-eral-aid highway and highway safety con-struction programs for future fiscal years. (e) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF CERTAIN AUTHORIZED  F
UNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of distribution of obligation limitation under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall distribute to the States any funds (excluding funds authorized for the program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code) that— (A) are authorized to be appropriated for such fiscal year for Federal-aid highway pro-grams; and (B) the Secretary determines will not be allocated to the States (or will not be appor-tioned to the States under section 204 of title 23, United States Code), and will not be available for obligation, for such fiscal year because of the imposition of any obligation limitation for such fiscal year. (2) R
ATIO.—Funds shall be distributed under paragraph (1) in the same proportion as the distribution of obligation authority under subsection (a)(5). (3) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds distributed to each State under paragraph (1) shall be available for any purpose described in sec-tion 133(b) of title 23, United States Code. S
EC. 121. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received by the Bureau of Transpor-tation Statistics from the sale of data prod-ucts, for necessary expenses incurred pursu-ant to chapter 63 of title 49, United States Code, may be credited to the Federal-aid highways account for the purpose of reim-bursing the Bureau for such expenses: Pro- vided, That such funds shall be subject to the obligation limitation for Federal-aid high-way and highway safety construction pro-grams. S
EC. 122. Not less than 15 days prior to waiving, under his or her statutory author-ity, any Buy America requirement for Fed-eral-aid highways projects, the Secretary of Transportation shall make an informal pub-lic notice and comment opportunity on the intent to issue such waiver and the reasons therefor: Provided, That the Secretary shall provide an annual report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations on any waivers granted under the Buy America requirements. S
EC. 123. None of the funds provided in this Act to the Department of Transportation may be used to provide credit assistance un-less not less than 3 days before any applica-tion approval to provide credit assistance under sections 603 and 604 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary of Transportation provides notification in writing to the fol-lowing committees: the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives: Provided, That such notification shall include, but not be limited to, the name of the project spon-sor; a description of the project; whether credit assistance will be provided as a direct loan, loan guarantee, or line of credit; and the amount of credit assistance. S
EC. 124. None of the funds in this Act may be used to make a grant for a project under section 117 of title 23, United States Code, unless the Secretary, at least 60 days before making a grant under that section, provides written notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of the pro-posed grant, including an evaluation and jus-tification for the project and the amount of the proposed grant award: Provided, That the written notification required in the previous proviso shall be made no later than 180 days after enactment of this Act. SEC. 125. (a) A State or territory, as defined in section 165 of title 23, United States Code, may use for any project eligible under sec-tion 133(b) of title 23 or section 165 of title 23 and located within the boundary of the State or territory any earmarked amount, and any associated obligation limitation: Provided, That the Department of Transportation for the State or territory for which the ear-marked amount was originally designated or directed notifies the Secretary of Transpor-tation of its intent to use its authority under this section and submits a quarterly report to the Secretary identifying the projects to which the funding would be applied. Not-withstanding the original period of avail-ability of funds to be obligated under this section, such funds and associated obligation limitation shall remain available for obliga-tion for a period of 3 fiscal years after the fiscal year in which the Secretary of Trans-portation is notified. The Federal share of the cost of a project carried out with funds made available under this section shall be the same as associated with the earmark. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘earmarked amount’’ means— (1) congressionally directed spending, as defined in rule XLIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, identified in a prior law, re-port, or joint explanatory statement, which was authorized to be appropriated or appro-priated more than 10 fiscal years prior to the current fiscal year, and administered by the Federal Highway Administration; or (2) a congressional earmark, as defined in rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives identified in a prior law, report, or joint explanatory statement, which was authorized to be appropriated or appro-priated more than 10 fiscal years prior to the current fiscal year, and administered by the Federal Highway Administration. (c) The authority under subsection (a) may be exercised only for those projects or activi-ties that have obligated less than 10 percent of the amount made available for obligation as of October 1 of the current fiscal year, and shall be applied to projects within the same general geographic area within 50 miles for which the funding was designated, except that a State or territory may apply such au-thority to unexpended balances of funds from projects or activities the State or territory certifies have been closed and for which pay-ments have been made under a final voucher. (d) The Secretary shall submit consoli-dated reports of the information provided by the States and territories each quarter to the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations. F
EDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY  A
DMINISTRATION  
MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY OPERATIONS AND  
PROGRAMS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in the implementation, execution and administra-tion of motor carrier safety operations and programs pursuant to section 31110 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, $284,000,000, to be derived from the High-way Trust Fund (other than the Mass Tran-sit Account), together with advances and re-imbursements received by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, the sum of which shall remain available until expended: Provided, That funds available for implemen-tation, execution or administration of motor carrier safety operations and programs au-thorized under title 49, United States Code, shall not exceed total obligations of $284,000,000 for ‘‘Motor Carrier Safety Oper-ations and Programs’’ for fiscal year 2019, of which $9,073,000, to remain available for obli-gation until September 30, 2021, is for the re-search and technology program, and of which $34,824,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021, is for information management. MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out sections 31102, 31103, 31104, and 31313 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, $382,800,000, to be de-rived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) and to re-main available until expended: Provided, That funds available for the implementation or execution of motor carrier safety pro-grams shall not exceed total obligations of $382,800,000 in fiscal year 2019 for ‘‘Motor Car-rier Safety Grants’’; of which $304,300,000 shall be available for the motor carrier safe-ty assistance program, $32,500,000 shall be available for the commercial driver’s license program implementation program, $44,000,000 shall be available for the high priority ac-tivities program, and $2,000,000 shall be made available for commercial motor vehicle oper-ators grants, of which $1,000,000 is to be made available from prior year unobligated con-tract authority provided for Motor Carrier Safety grants in the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (Public Law 105–178), SAFETEA-LU (Public Law 109–59), or other appropriations or authorization acts. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL MOTOR  
CARRIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 130. Funds appropriated or limited in this Act shall be subject to the terms and conditions stipulated in section 350 of Public Law 107–87 and section 6901 of Public Law 110–28. S
EC. 131. The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall send notice of 49 CFR section 385.308 violations by certified mail, registered mail, or another manner of deliv-ery, which records the receipt of the notice by the persons responsible for the violations. N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND RESEARCH  For expenses necessary to discharge the functions of the Secretary, with respect to traffic and highway safety authorized under chapter 301 and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, $190,000,000, of which $40,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020. 
OPERATIONS AND RESEARCH  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out the provisions of 23 U.S.C. 403, section 4011 of the FAST Act (Public Law 114–94), and chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code, $152,100,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) and to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the planning or execution of programs the total obligations for which, in fiscal year 2019, are in excess of $152,100,000, of which $146,700,000 shall be for programs authorized under 23 U.S.C. 403 and $5,400,000 shall be for the National Driver Register authorized under chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That within the $152,100,000 obligation limitation for oper-ations and research, $20,000,000 shall remain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5187 July 23, 2018 
available until September 30, 2020, and shall be in addition to the amount of any limita-tion imposed on obligations for future years. 
HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out provisions of 23 U.S.C. 402, 404, and 405, and section 4001(a)(6) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, to re-main available until expended, $610,208,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): Pro- vided, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the planning or execu-tion of programs the total obligations for which, in fiscal year 2019, are in excess of $610,208,000 for programs authorized under 23 U.S.C. 402, 404, and 405, and section 4001(a)(6) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transpor-tation Act, of which $270,400,000 shall be for ‘‘Highway Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 402; $283,000,000 shall be for ‘‘National Pri-ority Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 405; $30,200,000 shall be for ‘‘High Visibility En-forcement Program’’ under 23 U.S.C. 404; and $26,608,000 shall be for ‘‘Administrative Ex-penses’’ under section 4001(a)(6) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act: Pro- vided further, That none of these funds shall be used for construction, rehabilitation, or remodeling costs, or for office furnishings and fixtures for State, local or private build-ings or structures: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 of the funds made available for ‘‘National Priority Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 405 for ‘‘Impaired Driving Countermeasures’’ (as described in sub-section (d) of that section) shall be available for technical assistance to the States: Pro- vided further, That with respect to the ‘‘Transfers’’ provision under 23 U.S.C. 405(a)(8), any amounts transferred to in-crease the amounts made available under section 402 shall include the obligation au-thority for such amounts: Provided further, That the Administrator shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions of any exercise of the authority grant-ed under the previous proviso or under 23 U.S.C. 405(a)(8) within 5 days. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 140. An additional $130,000 shall be made available to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, out of the amount limited for section 402 of title 23, United States Code, to pay for travel and re-lated expenses for State management re-views and to pay for core competency devel-opment training and related expenses for highway safety staff. S
EC. 141. The limitations on obligations for the programs of the National Highway Traf-fic Safety Administration set in this Act shall not apply to obligations for which obli-gation authority was made available in pre-vious public laws but only to the extent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used. S
EC. 142. In addition to the amounts made available under the heading, ‘‘Operations and Research (Liquidation of Contract Author-ization) (Limitation on Obligations) (High-way Trust Fund)’’ for carrying out the provi-sions of section 403 of title 23, United States Code, $4,000,000 shall be available to continue a high visibility enforcement paid-media campaign regarding highway-rail grade crossing safety in collaboration with the Federal Railroad Administration. F
EDERAL RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION  
SAFETY AND OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses of the Federal Rail-road Administration, not otherwise provided for, $221,698,000, of which $15,900,000 shall re-main available until expended. RAILROAD RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses for railroad re-search and development, $40,600,000, to re-main available until expended. 
RAILROAD REHABILITATION AND IMPROVEMENT  
FINANCING PROGRAM  The Secretary of Transportation is author-ized to issue direct loans and loan guaran-tees pursuant to sections 501 through 504 of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–210), as amended, such authority shall exist as long as any such direct loan or loan guarantee is outstanding. 
FEDERAL -STATE PARTNERSHIP FOR STATE OF  
GOOD REPAIR  For necessary expenses related to Federal- State Partnership for State of Good Repair Grants as authorized by section 24911 of title 49, United States Code, $300,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may withhold up to one percent of the amount provided under this heading for the costs of award and project management oversight of grants carried out under section 24911 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue the Notice of Funding Opportunity that encom-passes funds provided under this heading in this Act and previously unawarded funds provided under this heading in fiscal year 2017 by Public Law 115–31 and fiscal year 2018 by Public Law 115–141, no later than 30 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall announce the selec-tion of projects to receive awards for the funds in the previous proviso no later than 180 days after enactment of this Act. 
CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRASTRUCTURE AND  
SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses related to Consoli-dated Rail Infrastructure and Safety Im-provements Grants, as authorized by section 24407 of title 49, United States Code, $255,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That section 24405(f) of title 49, United States Code, shall not apply to projects for the implementation of posi-tive train control systems otherwise eligible under section 24407(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That amounts available under this heading for projects se-lected for commuter rail passenger transpor-tation may be transferred by the Secretary, after selection, to the appropriate agencies to be administered in accordance with chap-ter 53 of title 49, United States Code: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall not limit eligible projects from consideration for funding for planning, engineering, environ-mental, construction, and design elements of the same project in the same application: Provided further, That unobligated balances remaining after 4 years from the date of en-actment may be used for any eligible project under section 24407(c) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That the Sec-retary may withhold up to one percent of the amount provided under this heading for the costs of award and project management over-sight of grants carried out under section 24407 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue the Notice of Funding Opportunity that encom-passes previously unawarded funds provided under this heading in fiscal year 2018 by Pub-lic Law 115–141 and funds provided under this heading in this Act no later than 30 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall announce the selec-tion of projects to receive awards for the funds in the previous proviso no later than 120 days after enactment of this Act. RESTORATION AND ENHANCEMENT  For necessary expenses related to Restora-tion and Enhancement Grants, as authorized by section 24408 of title 49, United States Code, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may withhold up to one percent of the funds pro-vided under this heading to fund the costs of award and project management and over-sight: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue the Notice of Funding Oppor-tunity for funds provided under this heading no later than 30 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall announce the selection of projects to receive awards for the funds in the previous proviso no later than 120 days after enact-ment of this Act. 
NORTHEAST CORRIDOR GRANTS TO THE  
NATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  To enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for activities associ-ated with the Northeast Corridor as author-ized by section 11101(a) of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act (division A of Public Law 114–94), $650,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may retain up to one-half of 1 per-cent of the funds provided under both this heading and the ‘‘National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion’’ heading to fund the costs of project management and oversight of activities au-thorized by section 11101(c) of division A of Public Law 114–94: Provided further, That in addition to the project management over-sight funds authorized under section 11101(c) of division A of Public Law 114–94, the Sec-retary may retain up to an additional $5,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading to fund expenses associated with the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading and the ‘‘National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’’ heading, not less than $50,000,000 shall be made avail-able to bring Amtrak-served facilities and stations into compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
NATIONAL NETWORK GRANTS TO THE NATIONAL  
RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  To enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for activities associ-ated with the National Network as author-ized by section 11101(b) of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act (division A of Public Law 114–94), $1,291,600,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may retain up to an addi-tional $2,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading to fund expenses associated with the State-Supported Route Committee established under section 24712 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That at least $50,000,000 of the amount provided under this heading shall be available for the development, installation and operation of railroad safety technology, including the im-plementation of a positive train control sys-tem, on State-supported routes as defined under section 24102(13) of title 49, United States Code, on which positive train control systems are not required by law or regula-tion. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 150. None of the funds provided to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation may be used to fund any overtime costs in excess of $35,000 for any individual employee: Provided, That the President of Amtrak may waive the cap set in the previous proviso for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5188 July 23, 2018 
specific employees when the President of Amtrak determines such a cap poses a risk to the safety and operational efficiency of the system: Provided further, That the Presi-dent of Amtrak shall report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations with-in 60 days of enactment of this Act, a sum-mary of all overtime payments incurred by the Corporation for 2018 and the three prior calendar years: Provided further, That such summary shall include the total number of employees that received waivers and the total overtime payments the Corporation paid to those employees receiving waivers for each month for 2018 and for the three prior calendar years. F
EDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  For necessary administrative expenses of the Federal Transit Administration’s pro-grams authorized by chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, $113,165,000: Provided, That none of the funds provided or limited in this Act may be used to create a permanent office of transit security under this heading: Provided further, That upon submission to the Congress of the fiscal year 2020 Presi-dent’s budget, the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall transmit to Congress the annual report on New Starts, including proposed al-locations for fiscal year 2020. 
TRANSIT FORMULA GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in the Federal Public Transportation Assistance Program in this account, and for payment of obligations incurred in carrying out the pro-visions of 49 U.S.C. 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5329(e)(6), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, section 20005(b) of Pub-lic Law 112–141, and section 3006(b) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, $9,900,000,000, to be derived from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund and to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That funds available for the implementation or execution of pro-grams authorized under 49 U.S.C. 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5329(e)(6), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, sec-tion 20005(b) of Public Law 112–141, and sec-tion 3006(b) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, shall not exceed total obligations of $9,939,380,030 in fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That the Federal share of the cost of activities carried out under 49 U.S.C. section 5312 shall not exceed 80 per-cent, except that if there is substantial pub-lic interest or benefit, the Secretary may ap-prove a greater Federal share. 
TRANSIT INFRASTRUCTURE GRANTS  For an additional amount for buses and bus facilities grants under section 5339 of title 49, United States Code, state of good repair grants under section 5337 of such title, high density state apportionments under section 5340(d) of such title, and the bus testing fa-cilities under sections 5312 and 5318 of such title, $800,000,000 to remain available until expended: Provided, That $400,000,000 shall be available for grants as authorized under sec-tion 5339 of such title, of which $209,104,000 shall be available for the buses and bus fa-cilities formula grants as authorized under section 5339(a) of such title, $161,446,000 shall be available for the buses and bus facilities competitive grants as authorized under sec-tion 5339(b) of such title, and $29,450,000 shall be available for the low or no emission grants as authorized under section 5339(c) of such title: Provided further, That $362,000,000 shall be available for the state of good repair grants as authorized under section 5337 of such title: Provided further, That $30,000,000 shall be available for the high density state apportionments as authorized under section 5340(d) of such title: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be available for the bus test-ing facility as authorized under section 5318 of such title: Provided further, That notwith-standing section 5318(a) of such title, $6,000,000 shall be available for the operation and maintenance of bus testing facilities by institutions of higher education selected pur-suant to section 5312(h) of such title: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall enter into a contract or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, each institution of higher education selected pursuant to sec-tion 5312(h) of such title, to operate and maintain a facility to conduct the testing of low or no emission vehicle new bus models using the standards established pursuant to section 5318(e)(2) of such title: Provided fur-ther, That the term ‘‘low or no emission ve-hicle’’ has the meaning given the term in section 5312(e)(6) of such title: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall pay 80 percent of the cost of testing a low or no emission vehicle new bus model at each selected insti-tution of higher education: Provided further, That the entity having the vehicle tested shall pay 20 percent of the cost of testing: Provided further, That a low or no emission vehicle new bus model tested that receives a passing aggregate test score in accordance with the standards established under section 5318(e)(2) of such title, shall be deemed to be in compliance with the requirements of sec-tion 5318(e) of such title: Provided further, That amounts made available by this head-ing shall be derived from the general fund: Provided further, That the amounts made available under this heading shall not be subject to any limitation on obligations for transit programs set forth in any Act. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING  For necessary expenses to carry out 49 U.S.C. 5314, $5,000,000, of which up to $1,500,000 shall be for a cooperative agree-ment through which the Federal Transit Ad-ministration assists small-urban, rural and tribal public transit recipients and planning organizations with applied innovation and capacity-building: Provided, That the assist-ance provided under this heading not dupli-cate the activities of 49 U.S.C. 5311(b) or 49 U.S.C. 5312. 
CAPITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS  For necessary expenses to carry out fixed guideway capital investment grants under section 5309 of title 49, United States Code, and section 3005(b) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, $2,552,687,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That of the amounts made avail-able under this heading, $1,315,670,000 shall be available for projects authorized under sec-tion 5309(d) of title 49, United States Code, $543,500,000 shall be available for projects au-thorized under section 5309(e) of title 49, United States Code, $568,000,000 shall be available for projects authorized under sec-tion 5309(h) of title 49, United States Code, and $100,000,000 shall be available for projects authorized under section 3005(b) of the Fix-ing America’s Surface Transportation Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall continue to administer the capital invest-ment grants program in accordance with the procedural and substantive requirements of section 5309 of title 49, United States Code, and of section 3005(b) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act. 
GRANTS TO THE WASHINGTON METROPOLITAN  
AREA TRANSIT AUTHORITY  For grants to the Washington Metropoli-tan Area Transit Authority as authorized under section 601 of division B of Public Law 110–432, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of Transportation shall approve grants for cap-ital and preventive maintenance expendi-tures for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority only after receiving and reviewing a request for each specific project: Provided further, That prior to approving such grants, the Secretary shall certify that the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority is making progress to improve its safety management system in response to the Federal Transit Administration’s 2015 safety management inspection: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall determine that the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority has placed the highest pri-ority on those investments that will improve the safety of the system before approving such grants: Provided further, That the Sec-retary, in order to ensure safety throughout the rail system, may waive the requirements of section 601(e)(1) of division B of Public Law 110–432. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION)  S
EC. 160. The limitations on obligations for the programs of the Federal Transit Admin-istration shall not apply to any authority under 49 U.S.C. 5338, previously made avail-able for obligation, or to any other authority previously made available for obligation. S
EC. 161. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any funds appropriated before October 1, 2018, under any section of chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, that re-main available for expenditure, may be transferred to and administered under the most recent appropriation heading for any such section. S
EC. 162. Of the unobligated amounts made available for fiscal years 2005 or prior fiscal years to ‘‘Transit Formula Grants’’, a total of $46,560,000 is hereby permanently re-scinded. S
AINT LAWRENCE SEAWAY DEVELOPMENT  C
ORPORATION  The Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such contracts and commitments with-out regard to fiscal year limitations, as pro-vided by section 104 of the Government Cor-poration Control Act, as amended, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the Corporation’s budget for the cur-rent fiscal year. 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  
(HARBOR MAINTENANCE TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses to conduct the op-erations, maintenance, and capital asset re-newal activities on those portions of the Saint Lawrence Seaway owned, operated, and maintained by the Saint Lawrence Sea-way Development Corporation, $36,000,000, to be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, pursuant to Public Law 99–662: Provided, That of the amounts made avail-able under this heading, not less than $16,000,000 shall be used on capital asset re-newal activities. M
ARITIME ADMINISTRATION  
MARITIME SECURITY PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to maintain and preserve a U.S.-flag merchant fleet to serve the national security needs of the United States, $300,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
OPERATIONS AND TRAINING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of operations and training activities authorized by law, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5189 July 23, 2018 
$149,442,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, of which $71,000,000 shall be for the operations of the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy, and of which $18,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the maintenance and repair, equipment, and capital improvements at the United States Merchant Marine Academy: Provided, That not later than January 12, 2020, the Administrator of the Maritime Ad-ministration shall transmit to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations the annual report on sexual assault and sexual harassment at the United States Merchant Marine Academy as required pursuant to sec-tion 3507 of Public Law 110–417: Provided fur-ther, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $3,000,000 shall be for the Maritime Environment and Technology As-sistance program authorized under section 50307 of title 46, United States Code: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $7,000,000, shall remain available until expended for the Short Sea Transportation Program (America’s Marine Highways) to make grants for the purposes authorized under sections 55601(b)(1) and (3) of title 46, United States Code: Provided fur-ther, That available balances under this heading for the Short Sea Transportation Program (America’s Marine Highways) from prior year recoveries shall be available to carry out activities authorized under sec-tions 55601(b)(1) and (3) of title 46, United States Code: Provided further, That from funds provided under the previous two pro-visos, the Secretary of Transportation shall make grants no later than 180 days after en-actment of this Act in such amounts as the Secretary determines: Provided further, That any unobligated balances available from pre-vious appropriations for programs and ac-tivities supporting State Maritime Acad-emies shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for ‘‘Maritime Ad-ministration, State Maritime Academy Op-erations’’ and shall be made available for the same purposes. 
STATE MARITIME ACADEMY OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses of operations, sup-port and training activities for State Mari-time Academies, $340,200,000, of which $30,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be for maintenance, repair, life extension, and capacity improvement of Na-tional Defense Reserve Fleet training ships in support of State Maritime Academies, as well as other expenses related to training mariners, as determined by the Secretary, of which $300,000,000, to remain available until expended shall be for the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Program, including funds for construction, planning, administra-tion, and design of school ships, of which $2,400,000 shall remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2020, for the Student Incentive Program, of which $1,800,000 shall remain available until expended for training ship fuel assistance, and of which $6,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for direct payments for State Maritime Acad-emies. 
ASSISTANCE TO SMALL SHIPYARDS  To make grants to qualified shipyards as authorized under section 54101 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by Public Law 113–281, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
SHIP DISPOSAL  For necessary expenses related to the dis-posal of obsolete vessels in the National De-fense Reserve Fleet of the Maritime Admin-istration, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended. MARITIME GUARANTEED LOAN (TITLE XI)  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the guaranteed loan program, $3,000,000, which shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for ‘‘Operations and Training’’, Maritime Administration. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —MARITIME  
ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 170. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, in addition to any existing authority, the Maritime Administration is authorized to furnish utilities and services and make necessary repairs in connection with any lease, contract, or occupancy in-volving Government property under control of the Maritime Administration: Provided, That payments received therefor shall be credited to the appropriation charged with the cost thereof and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That rental payments under any such lease, contract, or occupancy for items other than such utili-ties, services, or repairs shall be covered into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. P
IPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONAL EXPENSES  For necessary operational expenses of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, $23,710,000: Provided, That the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a final rule to expand the applicability of com-prehensive oil spill response plans within 45 days of enactment of this Act: Provided fur-ther, That the amounts appropriated under this heading shall be reduced by $100,000 per day for each day that such rule has not been issued following the expiration of the period set forth in the previous proviso. 
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY  For expenses necessary to discharge the hazardous materials safety functions of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, $58,000,000, of which $7,570,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That up to $800,000 in fees col-lected under 49 U.S.C. 5108(g) shall be depos-ited in the general fund of the Treasury as offsetting receipts: Provided further, That there may be credited to this appropriation, to remain available until expended, funds re-ceived from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training, for re-ports publication and dissemination, and for travel expenses incurred in the performance of hazardous materials exemptions and ap-provals functions. 
PIPELINE SAFETY  
(PIPELINE SAFETY FUND)  
(OIL SPILL LIABILITY TRUST FUND)  For expenses necessary to conduct the functions of the pipeline safety program, for grants-in-aid to carry out a pipeline safety program, as authorized by 49 U.S.C. 60107, and to discharge the pipeline program re-sponsibilities of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $165,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021, of which $23,000,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund; of which $134,000,000 shall be derived from the Pipeline Safety Fund; and of which $8,000,000 shall be derived from fees collected under 49 U.S.C. 60302 and deposited in the Un-derground Natural Gas Storage Facility Safety Account for the purpose of carrying out 49 U.S.C. 60141: Provided, That not less than $1,058,000 of the funds provided under this heading shall be for the one-call state grant program. 
EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS GRANTS  
(EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS FUND)  Notwithstanding the fiscal year limitation specified in 49 U.S.C. 5116, not more than $28,318,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021, from amounts made avail-able by 49 U.S.C. 5116(h), 5128(b), and 5128(c): Provided, That notwithstanding 49 U.S.C. 5116(h)(4), not more than 4 percent of the amounts made available from this account shall be available to pay administrative costs: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by 49 U.S.C. 5116(h), 5128(b), or 5128(c) shall be made available for obligation by individuals other than the Sec-retary of Transportation, or his or her des-ignee. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Inspector General to carry out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $92,600,000: Provided, That the In-spector General shall have all necessary au-thority, in carrying out the duties specified in the Inspector General Act, as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 3), to investigate allegations of fraud, including false statements to the gov-ernment (18 U.S.C. 1001), by any person or en-tity that is subject to regulation by the De-partment of Transportation: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading may be used to investigate, pursu-ant to section 41712 of title 49, United States Code: (1) unfair or deceptive practices and unfair methods of competition by domestic and foreign air carriers and ticket agents; and (2) the compliance of domestic and for-eign air carriers with respect to item (1) of this proviso. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  T
RANSPORTATION  S
EC. 180. (a) During the current fiscal year, applicable appropriations to the Department of Transportation shall be available for maintenance and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of liability insurance for motor ve-hicles operating in foreign countries on offi-cial department business; and uniforms or al-lowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902). (b) During the current fiscal year, applica-ble appropriations to the Department and its operating administrations shall be available for the purchase, maintenance, operation, and deployment of unmanned aircraft sys-tems that advance the Department’s, or its operating administrations’, missions. (c) Any unmanned aircraft system pur-chased or procured by the Department prior to the enactment of this Act shall be deemed authorized. S
EC. 181. Appropriations contained in this Act for the Department of Transportation shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for an Executive Level IV. S
EC. 182. (a) No recipient of funds made available in this Act shall disseminate per-sonal information (as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2725(3)) obtained by a State department of motor vehicles in connection with a motor vehicle record as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2725(1), except as provided in 18 U.S.C. 2721 for a use permitted under 18 U.S.C. 2721. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary shall not withhold funds provided in this Act for any grantee if a State is in noncompliance with this provision. S
EC. 183. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for salaries and expenses of more than 110 political and Presidential ap-pointees in the Department of Transpor-tation: Provided, That none of the personnel covered by this provision may be assigned on temporary detail outside the Department of Transportation. S
EC. 184. Funds received by the Federal Highway Administration and Federal Rail-road Administration from States, counties, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5190 July 23, 2018 
municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training may be credited respectively to the Federal Highway Administration’s ‘‘Federal- Aid Highways’’ account and to the Federal Railroad Administration’s ‘‘Safety and Oper-ations’’ account, except for State rail safety inspectors participating in training pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 20105. S
EC. 185. (a) None of the funds provided in this Act to the Department of Transpor-tation may be used to make a loan, loan guarantee, line of credit, or discretionary grant unless the Secretary of Transportation notifies the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations not less than 3 full busi-ness days before any project competitively selected to receive any discretionary grant award, letter of intent, loan commitment, loan guarantee commitment, line of credit commitment, or full funding grant agree-ment is announced by the Department or its modal administrations: Provided, That the Secretary gives concurrent notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations for any ‘‘quick release’’ of funds from the emergency relief program: Provided further, That no notification shall involve funds that are not available for obligation. (b) In addition to the notification required in subsection (a), none of the funds made available in this Act to the Department of Transportation may be used to make a loan, loan guarantee, line of credit, cooperative agreement or discretionary grant unless the Secretary of Transportation provides the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions a comprehensive list of all such loans, loan guarantees, lines of credit, cooperative agreement or discretionary grants that will be announced not less the 3 full business days before such announcement: Provided, That the requirement to provide a list in this subsection does not apply to any ‘‘quick release’’ of funds from the emergency relief program: Provided further, That no list shall involve funds that are not available for obli-gation. S
EC. 186. Rebates, refunds, incentive pay-ments, minor fees and other funds received by the Department of Transportation from travel management centers, charge card pro-grams, the subleasing of building space, and miscellaneous sources are to be credited to appropriations of the Department of Trans-portation and allocated to elements of the Department of Transportation using fair and equitable criteria and such funds shall be available until expended. S
EC. 187. Amounts made available in this or any prior Act that the Secretary deter-mines represent improper payments by the Department of Transportation to a third- party contractor under a financial assistance award, which are recovered pursuant to law, shall be available— (1) to reimburse the actual expenses in-curred by the Department of Transportation in recovering improper payments: Provided, That amounts made available in this Act shall be available until expended; and (2) to pay contractors for services provided in recovering improper payments or con-tractor support in the implementation of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002: Provided, That amounts in excess of that re-quired for paragraphs (1) and (2)— (A) shall be credited to and merged with the appropriation from which the improper payments were made, and shall be available for the purposes and period for which such appropriations are available: Provided fur-ther, That where specific project or account-ing information associated with the im-proper payment or payments is not readily available, the Secretary may credit an ap-propriate account, which shall be available for the purposes and period associated with the account so credited; or (B) if no such appropriation remains avail-able, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That prior to the transfer of any such recov-ery to an appropriations account, the Sec-retary shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of the amount and reasons for such transfer: Pro- vided further, That for purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘improper payments’’ has the same meaning as that provided in section 2(d)(2) of Public Law 107–300. SEC. 188. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, if any funds provided in or lim-ited by this Act are subject to a reprogram-ming action that requires notice to be pro-vided to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations, transmission of said re-programming notice shall be provided solely to the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations, and said reprogramming action shall be approved or denied solely by the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided, That the Secretary of Trans-portation may provide notice to other con-gressional committees of the action of the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions on such reprogramming but not sooner than 30 days following the date on which the reprogramming action has been approved or denied by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. S
EC. 189. Funds appropriated in this Act to the modal administrations may be obligated for the Office of the Secretary for the costs related to assessments or reimbursable agreements only when such amounts are for the costs of goods and services that are pur-chased to provide a direct benefit to the ap-plicable modal administration or adminis-trations. S
EC. 190. The Secretary of Transportation is authorized to carry out a program that es-tablishes uniform standards for developing and supporting agency transit pass and tran-sit benefits authorized under section 7905 of title 5, United States Code, including dis-tribution of transit benefits by various paper and electronic media. S
EC. 191. The Department of Transpor-tation may use funds provided by this Act, or any other Act, to assist a contract under title 49 U.S.C. or title 23 U.S.C. utilizing geo-graphic, economic, or any other hiring pref-erence not otherwise authorized by law, or to amend a rule, regulation, policy or other measure that forbids a recipient of a Federal Highway Administration or Federal Transit Administration grant from imposing such hiring preference on a contract or construc-tion project with which the Department of Transportation is assisting, only if the grant recipient certifies the following: (1) that except with respect to apprentices or trainees, a pool of readily available but unemployed individuals possessing the knowledge, skill, and ability to perform the work that the contract requires resides in the jurisdiction; (2) that the grant recipient will include ap-propriate provisions in its bid document en-suring that the contractor does not displace any of its existing employees in order to sat-isfy such hiring preference; and (3) that any increase in the cost of labor, training, or delays resulting from the use of such hiring preference does not delay or dis-place any transportation project in the ap-plicable Statewide Transportation Improve-ment Program or Transportation Improve-ment Program. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Transportation Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
EXECUTIVE OFFICES  For necessary salaries and expenses for Ex-ecutive Offices, which shall be comprised of the offices of the Secretary, Deputy Sec-retary, Adjudicatory Services, Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations, Public Af-fairs, Small and Disadvantaged Business Uti-lization, and the Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, $14,898,000: Pro- vided, That not to exceed $25,000 of the amount made available under this heading shall be available to the Secretary for offi-cial reception and representation expenses as the Secretary may determine. 
ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT OFFICES  For necessary salaries and expenses for Ad-ministrative Support Offices, $556,000,000, of which $76,600,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of the Chief Financial Officer, (and of which $25,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, shall be for the financial transformation initiative); $98,000,000 shall be available for the Office of the General Counsel, of which not less than $15,000,000 shall be for the Departmental Enforcement Center; $213,300,000 shall be available for the Office of Administration; $40,200,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Human Capital Officer; $54,000,000 shall be available for the Office of Field Policy and Manage-ment; $20,000,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of the Chief Procurement Officer; $3,600,000 shall be available for the Office of Departmental Equal Employment Oppor-tunity; $4,300,000 shall be available for the Office of Business Transformation; and $46,00,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Information Officer: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be used for necessary administrative and non- administrative expenses of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, not oth-erwise provided for, including purchase of uniforms, or allowances therefor, as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided further, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, funds appropriated under this heading may be used for advertising and promotional activities that directly support program activities funded in this title: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations quar-terly written notification regarding the sta-tus of pending congressional reports: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall pro-vide in electronic form all signed reports re-quired by Congress: Provided further, That not more than 10 percent of the funds made available under this heading for the Office of Chief Financial Officer for the financial transformation initiative may be obligated until the Secretary submits to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations, for approval, a plan for expenditure that in-cludes the financial and internal control ca-pabilities to be delivered and the mission benefits to be realized, key milestones to be met, and the relationship between the pro-posed use of funds made available under this heading and the projected total cost and scope of the initiative. P
ROGRAM OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
PUBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Public and Indian Housing, $222,000,000. 
COMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Community Planning and Develop-ment, $110,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5191 July 23, 2018 
HOUSING  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Housing, $390,000,000, of which not less than $12,500,000 shall be for the Office of Recapitalization. 
POLICY DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Policy Development and Research, $26,000,000. 
FAIR HOUSING AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Fair Housing and Equal Oppor-tunity, $71,500,000. 
OFFICE OF LEAD HAZARD CONTROL AND  
HEALTHY HOMES  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes, $7,800,000. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the working capital fund for the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘Fund’’), pursuant, in part, to section 7(f) of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment Act (42 U.S.C. 3535(f)), amounts transferred, including reimbursements pur-suant to section 7(f), to the Fund under this heading shall be available for Federal shared services used by offices and agencies of the Department, and for such portion of any of-fice or agency’s printing, records manage-ment, space renovation, furniture, or supply services as the Secretary determines shall be derived from centralized sources made avail-able by the Department to all offices and agencies and funded through the Fund: Pro- vided, That of the amounts made available in this title for salaries and expenses under the headings ‘‘Executive Offices’’, ‘‘Administra-tive Support Offices’’, ‘‘Program Office Sala-ries and Expenses’’, and ‘‘Government Na-tional Mortgage Association’’, the Secretary shall transfer to the Fund such amounts, to remain available until expended, as are nec-essary to fund services, specified in the mat-ter preceding the first proviso, for which the appropriation would otherwise have been available, and may transfer not to exceed an additional $5,000,000, in aggregate, from all such appropriations, to be merged with the Fund and to remain available until expended for any purpose under this heading: Provided further, That amounts in the Fund shall be the only amounts available to each office or agency of the Department for the services, or portion of services, specified in the matter preceding the first proviso: Provided further, That with respect to the Fund, the authori-ties and conditions under this heading shall supplement the authorities and conditions provided under section 7(f). P
UBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING  
TENANT -BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE  For activities and assistance for the provi-sion of tenant-based rental assistance au-thorized under the United States Housing Act of 1937, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) (‘‘the Act’’ herein), not otherwise pro-vided for, $18,780,987,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2018 (in addition to the $4,000,000,000 pre-viously appropriated under this heading that shall be available on October 1, 2018), and $4,000,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be available on October 1, 2019: Provided, That the amounts made available under this heading are provided as follows: (1) $20,520,000,000 shall be available for re-newals of expiring section 8 tenant-based an-nual contributions contracts (including re-newals of enhanced vouchers under any pro-vision of law authorizing such assistance under section 8(t) of the Act) and including renewal of other special purpose incremental vouchers: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, from amounts provided under this paragraph and any car-ryover, the Secretary for the calendar year 2019 funding cycle shall provide renewal funding for each public housing agency based on validated voucher management system (VMS) leasing and cost data for the prior cal-endar year and by applying an inflation fac-tor as established by the Secretary, by no-tice published in the Federal Register, and by making any necessary adjustments for the costs associated with the first-time re-newal of vouchers under this paragraph in-cluding tenant protection and Choice Neigh-borhoods vouchers: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this para-graph may be used to fund a total number of unit months under lease which exceeds a public housing agency’s authorized level of units under contract, except for public hous-ing agencies participating in the MTW dem-onstration, which are instead governed by the terms and conditions of their MTW agreements: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall, to the extent necessary to stay within the amount specified under this para-graph (except as otherwise modified under this paragraph), prorate each public housing agency’s allocation otherwise established pursuant to this paragraph: Provided further, That except as provided in the following pro-visos, the entire amount specified under this paragraph (except as otherwise modified under this paragraph) shall be obligated to the public housing agencies based on the al-location and pro rata method described above, and the Secretary shall notify public housing agencies of their annual budget by the latter of 60 days after enactment of this Act or March 1, 2019: Provided further, That the Secretary may extend the notification period with the prior written approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That public housing agencies participating in the MTW dem-onstration shall be funded pursuant to their MTW agreements and shall be subject to the same pro rata adjustments under the pre-vious provisos: Provided further, That the Secretary may offset public housing agen-cies’ calendar year 2019 allocations based on the excess amounts of public housing agen-cies’ net restricted assets accounts, includ-ing HUD-held programmatic reserves (in ac-cordance with VMS data in calendar year 2018 that is verifiable and complete), as de-termined by the Secretary: Provided further, That public housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall also be sub-ject to the offset, as determined by the Sec-retary, excluding amounts subject to the sin-gle fund budget authority provisions of their MTW agreements, from the agencies’ cal-endar year 2019 MTW funding allocation: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall use any offset referred to in the previous two provisos throughout the calendar year to prevent the termination of rental assistance for families as the result of insufficient fund-ing, as determined by the Secretary, and to avoid or reduce the proration of renewal funding allocations: Provided further, That up to $100,000,000 shall be available only: (1) for adjustments in the allocations for public housing agencies, after application for an ad-justment by a public housing agency that ex-perienced a significant increase, as deter-mined by the Secretary, in renewal costs of vouchers resulting from unforeseen cir-cumstances or from portability under sec-tion 8(r) of the Act; (2) for vouchers that were not in use during the previous 12-month period in order to be available to meet a commitment pursuant to section 8(o)(13) of the Act; (3) for adjustments for costs associ-ated with HUD-Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (HUD–VASH) vouchers; and (4) for public housing agencies that despite taking reasonable cost savings measures, as deter-mined by the Secretary, would otherwise be required to terminate rental assistance for families as a result of insufficient funding: Provided further, That the Secretary shall al-locate amounts under the previous proviso based on need, as determined by the Sec-retary; (2) $85,000,000 shall be for section 8 rental assistance for relocation and replacement of housing units that are demolished or dis-posed of pursuant to section 18 of the Act, conversion of section 23 projects to assist-ance under section 8, the family unification program under section 8(x) of the Act, relo-cation of witnesses in connection with ef-forts to combat crime in public and assisted housing pursuant to a request from a law en-forcement or prosecution agency, enhanced vouchers under any provision of law author-izing such assistance under section 8(t) of the Act, Choice Neighborhood vouchers, mandatory and voluntary conversions, and tenant protection assistance including re-placement and relocation assistance or for project-based assistance to prevent the dis-placement of unassisted elderly tenants cur-rently residing in section 202 properties fi-nanced between 1959 and 1974 that are refi-nanced pursuant to Public Law 106–569, as amended, or under the authority as provided under this Act: Provided, That when a public housing development is submitted for demo-lition or disposition under section 18 of the Act, the Secretary may provide section 8 rental assistance when the units pose an im-minent health and safety risk to residents: Provided further, That the Secretary may only provide replacement vouchers for units that were occupied within the previous 24 months that cease to be available as assisted housing, subject only to the availability of funds: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this paragraph, $5,000,000 may be available to provide tenant protection assistance, not otherwise pro-vided under this paragraph, to residents re-siding in low vacancy areas and who may have to pay rents greater than 30 percent of household income, as the result of: (A) the maturity of a HUD-insured, HUD-held or sec-tion 202 loan that requires the permission of the Secretary prior to loan prepayment; (B) the expiration of a rental assistance contract for which the tenants are not eligible for en-hanced voucher or tenant protection assist-ance under existing law; or (C) the expiration of affordability restrictions accompanying a mortgage or preservation program adminis-tered by the Secretary: Provided further, That such tenant protection assistance made available under the previous proviso may be provided under the authority of section 8(t) or section 8(o)(13) of the United States Hous-ing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(t)): Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue guid-ance to implement the previous provisos, in-cluding, but not limited to, requirements for defining eligible at-risk households within 60 days of the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That any tenant protection voucher made available from amounts under this paragraph shall not be reissued by any public housing agency, except the replacement vouchers as defined by the Secretary by no-tice, when the initial family that received any such voucher no longer receives such voucher, and the authority for any public housing agency to issue any such voucher shall cease to exist: Provided further, That the Secretary may provide section 8 rental assistance from amounts made available under this paragraph for units assisted under a project-based subsidy contract funded under the ‘‘Project-Based Rental Assistance’’ heading under this title where the owner has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5192 July 23, 2018 
received a Notice of Default and the units pose an imminent health and safety risk to residents: Provided further, That to the ex-tent that the Secretary determines that such units are not feasible for continued rental assistance payments or transfer of the sub-sidy contract associated with such units to another project or projects and owner or owners, any remaining amounts associated with such units under such contract shall be recaptured and used to reimburse amounts used under this paragraph for rental assist-ance under the preceding proviso; (3) $1,956,987,000 shall be for administrative and other expenses of public housing agen-cies in administering the section 8 tenant- based rental assistance program, of which up to $30,000,000 shall be available to the Sec-retary to allocate to public housing agencies that need additional funds to administer their section 8 programs, including fees asso-ciated with section 8 tenant protection rent-al assistance, the administration of disaster related vouchers, HUD-VASH vouchers, and other special purpose incremental vouchers: Provided, That no less than $1,926,987,000 of the amount provided in this paragraph shall be allocated to public housing agencies for the calendar year 2019 funding cycle based on section 8(q) of the Act (and related Appro-priation Act provisions) as in effect imme-diately before the enactment of the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–276): Provided further, That if the amounts made available under this para-graph are insufficient to pay the amounts de-termined under the previous proviso, the Secretary may decrease the amounts allo-cated to agencies by a uniform percentage applicable to all agencies receiving funding under this paragraph or may, to the extent necessary to provide full payment of amounts determined under the previous pro-viso, utilize unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryovers, remaining from funds appropriated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under this heading from prior fiscal years, excluding special purpose vouchers, notwithstanding the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That all pub-lic housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall be funded pursu-ant to their MTW agreements, and shall be subject to the same uniform percentage de-crease as under the previous proviso: Pro- vided further, That amounts provided under this paragraph shall be only for activities re-lated to the provision of tenant-based rental assistance authorized under section 8, in-cluding related development activities; (4) $154,000,000 for the renewal of tenant- based assistance contracts under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Afford-able Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013), including necessary administrative expenses: Provided, That administrative and other expenses of public housing agencies in administering the special purpose vouchers in this paragraph shall be funded under the same terms and be subject to the same pro rata reduction as the percent decrease for administrative and other expenses to public housing agencies under paragraph (3) of this heading: Provided further, That any amounts provided under this paragraph in this Act or prior Acts, re-maining available after funding renewals and administrative expenses under this para-graph, shall be available for incremental ten-ant-based assistance contracts under such section 811, including necessary administra-tive expenses; (5) $5,000,000 shall be for rental assistance and associated administrative fees for Tribal HUD–VASH to serve Native American vet-erans that are homeless or at-risk of home-lessness living on or near a reservation or other Indian areas: Provided, That such amount shall be made available for renewal grants to recipients that received assistance under prior Acts under the Tribal HUD– VASH program: Provided further, That the Secretary shall be authorized to specify cri-teria for renewal grants, including data on the utilization of assistance reported by grant recipients: Provided further, That such assistance shall be administered in accord-ance with program requirements under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 and modeled after the HUD–VASH program: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall be authorized to waive, or specify alternative requirements for any provision of any statute or regula-tion that the Secretary administers in con-nection with the use of funds made available under this paragraph (except for require-ments related to fair housing, non-discrimination, labor standards, and the en-vironment), upon a finding by the Secretary that any such waivers or alternative require-ments are necessary for the effective deliv-ery and administration of such assistance: Provided further, That grant recipients shall report to the Secretary on utilization of such rental assistance and other program data, as prescribed by the Secretary: Provided further, That the Secretary may reallocate, as deter-mined by the Secretary, amounts returned or recaptured from awards under prior acts; (6) $40,000,000 for incremental rental vouch-er assistance for use through a supported housing program administered in conjunc-tion with the Department of Veterans Af-fairs as authorized under section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937: Pro- vided, That the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall make such funding available, notwithstanding section 203 (com-petition provision) of this title, to public housing agencies that partner with eligible VA Medical Centers or other entities as des-ignated by the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, based on geographical need for such assistance as identified by the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, public housing agency administrative performance, and other factors as specified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may waive, or specify alternative requirements for (in consultation with the Secretary of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs), any provision of any statute or regulation that the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development administers in connection with the use of funds made available under this paragraph (except for requirements related to fair hous-ing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment), upon a finding by the Sec-retary that any such waivers or alternative requirements are necessary for the effective delivery and administration of such voucher assistance: Provided further, That assistance made available under this paragraph shall continue to remain available for homeless veterans upon turn-over; (7) $20,000,000 shall be made available for new incremental voucher assistance through the family unification program as authorized by section 8(x) of the Act: Provided, That the assistance made available under this para-graph shall continue to remain available for family unification upon turnover: Provided further, That for any public housing agency administering voucher assistance appro-priated in a prior Act under the family unifi-cation program that determines that it no longer has an identified need for such assist-ance upon turnover, such agency shall notify the Secretary, and the Secretary shall recap-ture such assistance from the agency and re-allocate it to any other public housing agen-cy or agencies based on need for voucher as-sistance in connection with such program; and (8) the Secretary shall separately track all special purpose vouchers funded under this heading. 
HOUSING CERTIFICATE FUND  
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS)  Unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appro-priated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under this heading, the heading ‘‘Annual Contributions for Assisted Housing’’ and the heading ‘‘Project-Based Rental Assistance’’, for fiscal year 2019 and prior years may be used for renewal of or amendments to section 8 project-based con-tracts and for performance-based contract administrators, notwithstanding the pur-poses for which such funds were appro-priated: Provided, That any obligated bal-ances of contract authority from fiscal year 1974 and prior that have been terminated shall be rescinded: Provided further, That amounts heretofore recaptured, or recap-tured during the current fiscal year, from section 8 project-based contracts from source years fiscal year 1975 through fiscal year 1987 are hereby rescinded, and an amount of addi-tional new budget authority, equivalent to the amount rescinded is hereby appropriated, to remain available until expended, for the purposes set forth under this heading, in ad-dition to amounts otherwise available. 
PUBLIC HOUSING CAPITAL FUND  For the Public Housing Capital Fund Pro-gram to carry out capital and management activities for public housing agencies, as au-thorized under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g) (the ‘‘Act’’) $2,775,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law or regulation, during fiscal year 2019, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development may not delegate to any Department official other than the Deputy Secretary and the As-sistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing any authority under paragraph (2) of section 9(j) regarding the extension of the time periods under such section: Provided further, That for purposes of such section 9(j), the term ‘‘obligate’’ means, with respect to amounts, that the amounts are subject to a binding agreement that will result in out-lays, immediately or in the future: Provided further, That up to $14,000,000 shall be to sup-port ongoing public housing financial and physical assessment activities: Provided fur-ther, That up to $1,000,000 shall be to support the costs of administrative and judicial re-ceiverships: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, not to exceed $25,000,000 shall be available for the Secretary to make grants, notwith-standing section 203 of this Act, to public housing agencies for emergency capital needs including safety and security measures necessary to address crime and drug-related activity as well as needs resulting from un-foreseen or unpreventable emergencies and natural disasters excluding Presidentially declared emergencies and natural disasters under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) occurring in fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That of the amount made available under the previous proviso, not less than $5,000,000 shall be for safety and security measures: Provided further, That in addition to the amount in the previous proviso for such safe-ty and security measures, any amounts that remain available, after all applications re-ceived on or before September 30, 2020, for emergency capital needs have been proc-essed, shall be allocated to public housing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5193 July 23, 2018 
agencies for such safety and security meas-ures: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, up to $35,000,000 shall be for supportive services, service coordinators and congregate services as authorized by section 34 of the Act (42 U.S.C. 1437z–6) and the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.): Provided further, That of the total amount made avail-able under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be for a Jobs-Plus initiative modeled after the Jobs-Plus demonstration: Provided further, That funding provided under the previous proviso shall be available for competitive grants to partnerships between public hous-ing authorities, local workforce investment boards established under section 107 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act of 2014 (29 U.S.C. 3122), and other agencies and organizations that provide support to help public housing residents obtain employ-ment and increase earnings: Provided further, That applicants must demonstrate the abil-ity to provide services to residents, partner with workforce investment boards, and le-verage service dollars: Provided further, That the Secretary may allow public housing agencies to request exemptions from rent and income limitation requirements under sections 3 and 6 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a and 1437d), as nec-essary to implement the Jobs-Plus program, on such terms and conditions as the Sec-retary may approve upon a finding by the Secretary that any such waivers or alter-native requirements are necessary for the ef-fective implementation of the Jobs-Plus ini-tiative as a voluntary program for residents: Provided further, That the Secretary shall publish by notice in the Federal Register any waivers or alternative requirements pursu-ant to the preceding proviso no later than 10 days before the effective date of such notice: Provided further, That for funds provided under this heading, the limitation in section 9(g)(1) of the Act shall be 25 percent: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the limitation in the previous proviso to allow public housing agencies to fund activities authorized under section 9(e)(1)(C) of the Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify public housing agencies request-ing waivers under the previous proviso if the request is approved or denied within 14 days of submitting the request: Provided further, That from the funds made available under this heading, the Secretary shall provide bonus awards in fiscal year 2019 to public housing agencies that are designated high performers: Provided further, That the De-partment shall notify public housing agen-cies of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act: Provided fur-ther, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $25,000,000 shall be avail-able for competitive grants to public housing agencies to evaluate and reduce lead-based paint hazards in public housing by carrying out the activities of risk assessments, abate-ment, and interim controls (as those terms are defined in section 1004 of the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 4851b)): Provided further, That for purposes of environmental review, a grant under the previous proviso shall be considered funds for projects or activities under title I of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) for pur-poses of section 26 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1437x) and shall be subject to the regulations implementing such section. 
PUBLIC HOUSING OPERATING FUND  For 2019 payments to public housing agen-cies for the operation and management of public housing, as authorized by section 9(e) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(e)), $4,756,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. CHOICE NEIGHBORHOODS INITIATIVE  For competitive grants under the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative (subject to section 24 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437v), unless otherwise specified under this heading), for transformation, re-habilitation, and replacement housing needs of both public and HUD-assisted housing and to transform neighborhoods of poverty into functioning, sustainable mixed income neighborhoods with appropriate services, schools, public assets, transportation and ac-cess to jobs, $100,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That grant funds may be used for resident and community services, community develop-ment, and affordable housing needs in the community, and for conversion of vacant or foreclosed properties to affordable housing: Provided further, That the use of funds made available under this heading shall not be deemed to be public housing notwithstanding section 3(b)(1) of such Act: Provided further, That grantees shall commit to an additional period of affordability determined by the Secretary of not fewer than 20 years: Pro- vided further, That grantees shall provide a match in State, local, other Federal or pri-vate funds: Provided further, That grantees may include local governments, tribal enti-ties, public housing authorities, and non-profits: Provided further, That for-profit de-velopers may apply jointly with a public en-tity: Provided further, That for purposes of environmental review, a grantee shall be treated as a public housing agency under sec-tion 26 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437x), and grants under this heading shall be subject to the regulations issued by the Secretary to implement such section: Provided further, That of the amount provided, not less than $50,000,000 shall be awarded to public housing agencies: Provided further, That such grantees shall create part-nerships with other local organizations in-cluding assisted housing owners, service agencies, and resident organizations: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall con-sult with the Secretaries of Education, Labor, Transportation, Health and Human Services, Agriculture, and Commerce, the Attorney General, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to co-ordinate and leverage other appropriate Fed-eral resources: Provided further, That no more than $5,000,000 of funds made available under this heading may be provided as grants to undertake comprehensive local planning with input from residents and the community: Provided further, That unobli-gated balances, including recaptures, re-maining from funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Revitalization of Severely Dis-tressed Public Housing (HOPE VI)’’ in fiscal year 2011 and prior fiscal years may be used for purposes under this heading, notwith-standing the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue the Notice of Funding Availability for funds made avail-able under this heading no later than 60 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall make grant awards no later than one year from the date of en-actment of this Act in such amounts that the Secretary determines: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 24(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437v(o)), the Secretary may, until Sep-tember 30, 2019, obligate any available unob-ligated balances made available under this heading in this, or any prior Act. 
FAMILY SELF -SUFFICIENCY  For the Family Self-Sufficiency program to support family self-sufficiency coordina-tors under section 23 of the United States Housing Act of 1937, to promote the develop-ment of local strategies to coordinate the use of assistance under sections 8(o) and 9 of such Act with public and private resources, and enable eligible families to achieve eco-nomic independence and self-sufficiency, $80,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That the Secretary may, by Federal Register notice, waive or specify alternative requirements under sub-sections b(3), b(4), b(5), or c(1) of section 23 of such Act in order to facilitate the operation of a unified self-sufficiency program for indi-viduals receiving assistance under different provisions of the Act, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That owners of a privately owned multifamily property with a section 8 contract may voluntarily make a Family Self-Sufficiency program available to the assisted tenants of such property in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary: Provided further, That such procedures established pursuant to the pre-vious proviso shall permit participating ten-ants to accrue escrow funds in accordance with section 23(d)(2) and shall allow owners to use funding from residual receipt accounts to hire coordinators for their own Family Self-Sufficiency program. NATIVE AMERICAN HOUSING BLOCK GRANTS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Native American Housing Block Grants program, as authorized under title I of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (NAHASDA) (25 U.S.C. 4111 et seq.), $655,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2023: Provided, That, notwith-standing NAHASDA, to determine the amount of the allocation under title I of such Act for each Indian tribe, the Secretary shall apply the formula under section 302 of such Act with the need component based on single-race census data and with the need component based on multi-race census data, and the amount of the allocation for each In-dian tribe shall be the greater of the two re-sulting allocation amounts: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $7,000,000 shall be for providing training and technical assistance to Indian housing authorities and tribally designated housing entities, to support the inspection of Indian housing units, contract expertise, and for training and technical assistance related to funding provided under this heading and other headings under this Act for the needs of Native American families and Indian country: Provided further, That amounts made available under the previous proviso may be used, contracted, or competed as de-termined by the Secretary: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading, $2,000,000 shall be made available for the cost of guaranteed notes and other obli-gations, as authorized by title VI of NAHASDA: Provided further, That such costs, including the costs of modifying such notes and other obligations, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as amended: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize the total principal amount of any notes and other obligations, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $17,761,989: Pro- vided further, That the Department will no-tify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That for an addi-tional amount for the Native American Housing Block Grants program, as author-ized under title I of NAHASDA, $100,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided further, That the Secretary shall ob-ligate this additional amount for competi-tive grants to eligible recipients authorized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5194 July 23, 2018 
under NAHASDA that apply for funds: Pro- vided further, That in awarding this addi-tional amount, the Secretary shall consider need and administrative capacity, and shall give priority to projects that will spur con-struction and rehabilitation: Provided fur-ther, That up to 1 percent of this additional amount may be transferred, in aggregate, to ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses— Public and Indian Housing’’ for necessary costs of administering and overseeing the ob-ligation and expenditure of this additional amount: Provided further, That any funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso shall remain available until September 30, 2024. 
INDIAN HOUSING LOAN GUARANTEE FUND  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans, as au-thorized by section 184 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 1715z–13a), $1,440,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the costs of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, up to $553,846,154, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That up to $750,000 of this amount may be for administrative contract expenses including management processes and sys-tems to carry out the loan guarantee pro-gram. 
NATIVE HAWAIIAN HOUSING BLOCK GRANT  For the Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grant program, as authorized under title VIII of the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4111 et seq.), $2,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That notwithstanding section 812(b) of such Act, the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands may not invest grant amounts pro-vided under this heading in investment secu-rities and other obligations: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading in this and prior fiscal years may be used to provide rental assistance to eligible Native Hawaiian families both on and off the Hawaiian Home Lands, notwithstanding any other provision of law. C
OMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  
HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES FOR PERSONS WITH  
AIDS For carrying out the Housing Opportuni-ties for Persons with AIDS program, as au-thorized by the AIDS Housing Opportunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12901 et seq.), $375,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, except that amounts allocated pursuant to section 854(c)(5) of such Act shall remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That the Secretary shall renew all expiring contracts for permanent supportive housing that initially were funded under section 854(c)(5) of such Act from funds made avail-able under this heading in fiscal year 2010 and prior fiscal years that meet all program requirements before awarding funds for new contracts under such section: Provided fur-ther, That the Department shall notify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. 
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FUND  For assistance to units of State and local government, and to other entities, for eco-nomic and community development activi-ties, and for other purposes, $3,365,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, unless otherwise specified: Provided, That of the total amount provided, $3,300,000,000 is for carrying out the community development block grant program under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, as amended (‘‘the Act’’ herein) (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.): Provided further, That un- less explicitly provided for under this head-ing, not to exceed 20 percent of any grant made with funds appropriated under this heading shall be expended for planning and management development and administra-tion: Provided further, That a metropolitan city, urban county, unit of general local gov-ernment, Indian tribe, or insular area that directly or indirectly receives funds under this heading may not sell, trade, or other-wise transfer all or any portion of such funds to another such entity in exchange for any other funds, credits or non-Federal consider-ations, but must use such funds for activities eligible under title I of the Act: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding section 105(e)(1) of the Act, no funds provided under this heading may be provided to a for-profit enti-ty for an economic development project under section 105(a)(17) unless such project has been evaluated and selected in accord-ance with guidelines required under sub-section (e)(2): Provided further, That the De-partment shall notify grantees of their for-mula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $65,000,000 shall be for grants to Indian tribes notwithstanding section 106(a)(1) of such Act, of which, notwithstanding any other provision of law (including section 203 of this Act), up to $4,000,000 may be used for emer-gencies that constitute imminent threats to health and safety. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT LOAN GUARANTEES  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  Subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2019, commitments to guarantee loans under sec-tion 108 of the Housing and Community De-velopment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5308), any part of which is guaranteed, shall not exceed a total principal amount of $300,000,000, not-withstanding any aggregate limitation on outstanding obligations guaranteed in sub-section (k) of such section 108: Provided, That the Secretary shall collect fees from bor-rowers, notwithstanding subsection (m) of such section 108, to result in a credit subsidy cost of zero for guaranteeing such loans, and any such fees shall be collected in accord-ance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
HOME INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS PROGRAM  For the HOME Investment Partnerships program, as authorized under title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, as amended, $1,362,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2022: Pro- vided, That notwithstanding the amount made available under this heading, the threshold reduction requirements in sections 216(10) and 217(b)(4) of such Act shall not apply to allocations of such amount: Pro- vided further, That the Department shall no-tify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. 
SELF-HELP AND ASSISTED HOMEOWNERSHIP  
OPPORTUNITY PROGRAM  For the Self-Help and Assisted Homeown-ership Opportunity Program, as authorized under section 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, as amended, $54,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be made available to the Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity Pro-gram as authorized under section 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, as amended: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this head-ing, $35,000,000 shall be made available for the second, third, and fourth capacity build-ing activities authorized under section 4(a) of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 9816 note), of which not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for rural capacity building activities: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be made available for capacity building by national rural housing organizations with experience assessing na-tional rural conditions and providing financ-ing, training, technical assistance, informa-tion, and research to local nonprofits, local governments, and Indian Tribes serving high need rural communities: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $4,000,000, shall be made available for a program to rehabilitate and modify the homes of disabled or low-income veterans, as authorized under section 1079 of Public Law 113–291: Provided further, That funds provided under the previous proviso shall be awarded within 180 days of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That funds provided for such program in fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018 shall be awarded within 60 days of enact-ment of this Act. HOMELESS ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For the Emergency Solutions Grants pro-gram as authorized under subtitle B of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act, as amended; the Continuum of Care program as authorized under subtitle C of title IV of such Act; and the Rural Hous-ing Stability Assistance program as author-ized under subtitle D of title IV of such Act, $2,612,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That any rental as-sistance amounts that are recaptured under such Continuum of Care program shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That not less than $270,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for such Emergency Solutions Grants program: Provided further, That not less than $2,205,000,000 of the funds appro-priated under this heading shall be available for such Continuum of Care and Rural Hous-ing Stability Assistance programs: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $50,000,000 shall be made available for grants for rapid re-hous-ing projects and supportive service projects providing coordinated entry, and for eligible activities the Secretary determines to be critical in order to assist survivors of domes-tic violence, dating violence, and stalking: Provided further, That such projects shall be eligible for renewal under the continuum of care program subject to the same terms and conditions as other renewal applicants: Pro- vided further, That up to $7,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for the national homeless data analysis project: Provided further, That all funds awarded for supportive services under the Continuum of Care program and the Rural Housing Stability Assistance program shall be matched by not less than 25 percent in cash or in kind by each grantee: Provided further, That for all match requirements ap-plicable to funds made available under this heading for this fiscal year and prior fiscal years, a grantee may use (or could have used) as a source of match funds other funds administered by the Secretary and other Federal agencies unless there is (or was) a specific statutory prohibition on any such use of any such funds: Provided further, That the Secretary shall collect system perform-ance measures for each continuum of care, and that relative to fiscal year 2015, under the Continuum of Care competition with re-spect to funds made available under this heading, the Secretary shall base an increas-ing share of the score on performance cri-teria: Provided further, That none of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5195 July 23, 2018 
funds provided under this heading shall be available to provide funding for new projects, except for projects created through reallocation, unless the Secretary deter-mines that the continuum of care has dem-onstrated that projects are evaluated and ranked based on the degree to which they improve the continuum of care’s system per-formance: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall prioritize funding under the Continuum of Care program to continuums of care that have demonstrated a capacity to reallocate funding from lower performing projects to higher performing projects: Pro- vided further, That all awards of assistance under this heading shall be required to co-ordinate and integrate homeless programs with other mainstream health, social serv-ices, and employment programs for which homeless populations may be eligible: Pro- vided further, That any unobligated amounts remaining from funds appropriated under this heading in fiscal year 2012 and prior years for project-based rental assistance for rehabilitation projects with 10-year grant terms may be used for purposes under this heading, notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds were appropriated: Provided further, That all balances for Shelter Plus Care renewals previously funded from the Shelter Plus Care Renewal account and transferred to this account shall be avail-able, if recaptured, for Continuum of Care re-newals in fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That the Department shall notify grantees of their formula allocation from amounts allo-cated (which may represent initial or final amounts allocated) for the Emergency Solu-tions Grant program within 60 days of enact-ment of this Act: Provided further, That up to $80,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be to implement projects to demonstrate how a comprehensive ap-proach to serving homeless youth, age 24 and under, in up to 25 communities, including at least five communities with substantial rural populations, can dramatically reduce youth homelessness: Provided further, That of the amount made available under the pre-vious proviso, up to $5,000,000 shall be avail-able to provide technical assistance on youth homelessness, and collection, analysis, and reporting of data and performance measures under the comprehensive approaches to serve homeless youth, in addition to and in coordi-nation with other technical assistance funds provided under this title: Provided further, That such projects shall be eligible for re-newal under the continuum of care program subject to the same terms and conditions as other renewal applicants: Provided further, That youth aged 24 and under seeking assist-ance under this heading shall not be required to provide third party documentation to es-tablish their eligibility under 42 U.S.C. 11302(a) or (b) to receive services: Provided further, That unaccompanied youth aged 24 and under or families headed by youth aged 24 and under who are living in unsafe situa-tions may be served by youth-serving pro-viders funded under this heading. H
OUSING PROGRAMS  
PROJECT -BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE  For activities and assistance for the provi-sion of project-based subsidy contracts under the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) (‘‘the Act’’), not other-wise provided for, $11,347,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2018 (in addition to the $400,000,000 previously appropriated under this heading that became available October 1, 2018), and $400,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2019: Provided, That the amounts made available under this heading shall be avail-able for expiring or terminating section 8 project-based subsidy contracts (including section 8 moderate rehabilitation contracts), for amendments to section 8 project-based subsidy contracts (including section 8 mod-erate rehabilitation contracts), for contracts entered into pursuant to section 441 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11401), for renewal of section 8 con-tracts for units in projects that are subject to approved plans of action under the Emer-gency Low Income Housing Preservation Act of 1987 or the Low-Income Housing Preserva-tion and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990, and for administrative and other ex-penses associated with project-based activi-ties and assistance funded under this para-graph: Provided further, That of the total amounts provided under this heading, not to exceed $245,000,000 shall be available for per-formance-based contract administrators for section 8 project-based assistance, for car-rying out 42 U.S.C. 1437(f): Provided further, That the Secretary may also use such amounts in the previous proviso for perform-ance-based contract administrators for the administration of: interest reduction pay-ments pursuant to section 236(a) of the Na-tional Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–1(a)); rent supplement payments pursuant to section 101 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965 (12 U.S.C. 1701s); section 236(f)(2) rental assistance payments (12 U.S.C. 1715z– 1(f)(2)); project rental assistance contracts for the elderly under section 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q); project rental assistance contracts for supportive housing for persons with disabilities under section 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013(d)(2)); project assistance contracts pur-suant to section 202(h) of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667); and loans under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667): Provided further, That amounts recaptured under this heading, the heading ‘‘Annual Contributions for Assisted Housing’’, or the heading ‘‘Hous-ing Certificate Fund’’, may be used for re-newals of or amendments to section 8 project-based contracts or for performance- based contract administrators, notwith-standing the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon the request of the Secretary, project funds that are held in residual re-ceipts accounts for any project subject to a section 8 project-based Housing Assistance Payments contract that authorizes HUD or a Housing Finance Agency to require that sur-plus project funds be deposited in an inter-est-bearing residual receipts account and that are in excess of an amount to be deter-mined by the Secretary, shall be remitted to the Department and deposited in this ac-count, to be available until expended: Pro- vided further, That amounts deposited pursu-ant to the previous proviso shall be available in addition to the amount otherwise pro-vided by this heading for uses authorized under this heading. HOUSING FOR THE ELDERLY  For capital advances, including amend-ments to capital advance contracts, for hous-ing for the elderly, as authorized by section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as amended, for project rental assistance for the elderly under section 202(c)(2) of such Act, including amendments to contracts for such assistance and renewal of expiring contracts for such assistance for up to a 1-year term, for senior preservation rental assistance contracts, in-cluding renewals, as authorized by section 811(e) of the American Housing and Eco-nomic Opportunity Act of 2000, as amended, and for supportive services associated with the housing, $678,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, up to $90,000,000 shall be for service coordinators and the continuation of existing congregate service grants for residents of assisted hous-ing projects: Provided further, That amounts under this heading shall be available for Real Estate Assessment Center inspections and inspection-related activities associated with section 202 projects: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the provisions of section 202 governing the terms and condi-tions of project rental assistance, except that the initial contract term for such as-sistance shall not exceed 5 years in duration: Provided further, That upon request of the Secretary, project funds which are held in re-sidual receipts accounts for any project sub-ject to a section 202 project rental assistance contract and, upon termination of such con-tract, are in excess of an amount to be deter-mined by the Secretary shall be remitted to the Department and deposited in this ac-count, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided further, That amounts de-posited in this account pursuant to the pre-vious proviso shall be available, in addition to the amounts otherwise provided by this heading, for amendments and renewals: Pro- vided further, That unobligated balances, in-cluding recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds transferred to or appropriated under this heading shall be available for amendments and renewals notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds originally were appropriated: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this head-ing, $10,000,000, shall be for a program to be established by the Secretary to make grants to experienced non-profit organizations, States, local governments, or public housing agencies for safety and functional home modification repairs to meet the needs of low-income elderly persons to enable them to remain in their primary residence: Pro- vided further, That of the total amount made available under the previous proviso, no less than $5,000,000 shall be available to meet such needs in communities with substantial rural populations. HOUSING FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES  For amendments to capital advance con-tracts, for supportive housing for persons with disabilities, as authorized by section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Afford-able Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013), as amend-ed, for project rental assistance for sup-portive housing for persons with disabilities under section 811(d)(2) of such Act, for project assistance contracts pursuant to sec-tion 202(h) of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667), including amend-ments to contracts for such assistance and renewal of expiring contracts for such assist-ance for up to a 1–year term, for project rental assistance to State housing finance agencies and other appropriate entities as authorized under section 811(b)(3) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Housing Act, and for supportive services associated with the housing for persons with disabilities as authorized by section 811(b)(1) of such Act, $154,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available for Real Estate Assessment Center inspections and inspection-related activities associated with section 811 projects: Provided further, That, upon the request of the Sec-retary, project funds which are held in resid-ual receipts accounts for any project subject to a section 811 project rental assistance con-tract and, upon termination of such con-tract, are in excess of an amount to be deter-mined by the Secretary shall be remitted to the Department and deposited in this ac-count, to remain available until September 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5196 July 23, 2018 
30, 2022: Provided further, That amounts de-posited in this account pursuant to the pre-vious proviso shall be available in addition to the amounts otherwise provided by this heading for amendments and renewals: Pro- vided further, That unobligated balances, in-cluding recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds transferred to or appropriated under this heading shall be used for amend-ments and renewals notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds originally were appropriated. 
HOUSING COUNSELING ASSISTANCE  For contracts, grants, and other assistance excluding loans, as authorized under section 106 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, as amended, $45,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, including up to $4,500,000 for administrative contract services: Provided, That grants made avail-able from amounts provided under this head-ing shall be awarded within 180 days of en-actment of this Act: Provided further, That funds shall be used for providing counseling and advice to tenants and homeowners, both current and prospective, with respect to property maintenance, financial manage-ment or literacy, and such other matters as may be appropriate to assist them in improv-ing their housing conditions, meeting their financial needs, and fulfilling the respon-sibilities of tenancy or homeownership; for program administration; and for housing counselor training: Provided further, That for purposes of providing such grants from amounts provided under this heading, the Secretary may enter into multiyear agree-ments, as appropriate, subject to the avail-ability of annual appropriations. 
RENTAL HOUSING ASSISTANCE  For amendments to contracts under sec-tion 101 of the Housing and Urban Develop-ment Act of 1965 (12 U.S.C. 1701s) and section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–1) in State-aided, noninsured rental housing projects, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount, together with unobligated balances from recaptured amounts appropriated prior to fiscal year 2006 from terminated contracts under such sections of law, and any unobli-gated balances, including recaptures and car-ryover, remaining from funds appropriated under this heading after fiscal year 2005, shall also be available for extensions of up to one year for expiring contracts under such sections of law. 
PAYMENT TO MANUFACTURED HOUSING FEES  
TRUST FUND  For necessary expenses as authorized by the National Manufactured Housing Con-struction and Safety Standards Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5401 et seq.), up to $12,000,000, to re-main available until expended, of which $12,000,000 is to be derived from the Manufac-tured Housing Fees Trust Fund: Provided, That not to exceed the total amount appro-priated under this heading shall be available from the general fund of the Treasury to the extent necessary to incur obligations and make expenditures pending the receipt of collections to the Fund pursuant to section 620 of such Act: Provided further, That the amount made available under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced as such collections are received during fiscal year 2019 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation from the general fund es-timated at zero, and fees pursuant to section 620 of such Act shall be modified as nec-essary to ensure such a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation: Provided further, That for the dispute resolution and installation pro-grams, the Secretary may assess and collect fees from any program participant: Provided further, That such collections shall be depos-ited into the Fund, and the Secretary, as provided herein, may use such collections, as well as fees collected under section 620 of such Act, for necessary expenses of such Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of section 620 of such Act, the Secretary may carry out responsibilities of the Secretary under such Act through the use of approved service providers that are paid directly by the recipients of their serv-ices. FEDERAL HOUSING ADMINISTRATION  
MUTUAL MORTGAGE INSURANCE PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  New commitments to guarantee single family loans insured under the Mutual Mort-gage Insurance Fund shall not exceed $400,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That during fis-cal year 2019, obligations to make direct loans to carry out the purposes of section 204(g) of the National Housing Act, as amended, shall not exceed $1,000,000: Provided further, That the foregoing amount in the previous proviso shall be for loans to non-profit and governmental entities in connec-tion with sales of single family real prop-erties owned by the Secretary and formerly insured under the Mutual Mortgage Insur-ance Fund: Provided further, That for admin-istrative contract expenses of the Federal Housing Administration, $130,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided further, That to the extent guaranteed loan commitments exceed $200,000,000,000 on or before April 1, 2019, an additional $1,400 for administrative contract expenses shall be available for each $1,000,000 in additional guaranteed loan commitments (including a pro rata amount for any amount below $1,000,000), but in no case shall funds made available by this proviso exceed $30,000,000: Provided further, That notwithstanding the limitation in the first sentence of section 255(g) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z-20(g)), during fiscal year 2019 the Sec-retary may insure and enter into new com-mitments to insure mortgages under section 255 of the National Housing Act only to the extent that the net credit subsidy cost for such insurance does not exceed zero: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, the Sec-retary shall not take any action against a lender solely on the basis of compare ratios that have been adversely affected by defaults on mortgages secured by properties in areas where a major disaster was declared in 2017 or 2018 pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.). 
GENERAL AND SPECIAL RISK PROGRAM ACCOUNT  New commitments to guarantee loans in-sured under the General and Special Risk In-surance Funds, as authorized by sections 238 and 519 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–3 and 1735c), shall not exceed $30,000,000,000 in total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That during fiscal year 2019, gross obliga-tions for the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized by sections 204(g), 207(l), 238, and 519(a) of the National Housing Act, shall not exceed $1,000,000, which shall be for loans to nonprofit and governmental entities in connection with the sale of single family real properties owned by the Secretary and formerly insured under such Act. G
OVERNMENT NATIONAL MORTGAGE  A
SSOCIATION  
GUARANTEES OF MORTGAGE -BACKED SECURITIES  
LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM ACCOUNT  New commitments to issue guarantees to carry out the purposes of section 306 of the National Housing Act, as amended (12 U.S.C. 1721(g)), shall not exceed $550,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That $27,000,000 shall be available for necessary salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of Government National Mortgage Asso-ciation: Provided further, That to the extent that guaranteed loan commitments exceed $155,000,000,000 on or before April 1, 2019, an additional $100 for necessary salaries and ex-penses shall be available until expended for each $1,000,000 in additional guaranteed loan commitments (including a pro rata amount for any amount below $1,000,000), but in no case shall funds made available by this pro-viso exceed $3,000,000: Provided further, That receipts from Commitment and Multiclass fees collected pursuant to title III of the Na-tional Housing Act, as amended, shall be credited as offsetting collections to this ac-count. POLICY DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH  
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY  For contracts, grants, and necessary ex-penses of programs of research and studies relating to housing and urban problems, not otherwise provided for, as authorized by title V of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970 (12 U.S.C. 1701z–1 et seq.), includ-ing carrying out the functions of the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development under section 1(a)(1)(i) of Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1968, and for technical assist-ance, $100,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That with re-spect to amounts made available under this heading, notwithstanding section 203 of this title, the Secretary may enter into coopera-tive agreements with philanthropic entities, other Federal agencies, State or local gov-ernments and their agencies, or colleges or universities for research projects: Provided further, That with respect to the previous proviso, such partners to the cooperative agreements must contribute at least a 50 percent match toward the cost of the project: Provided further, That for non-com-petitive agreements entered into in accord-ance with the previous two provisos, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall comply with section 2(b) of the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282, 31 U.S.C. note) in lieu of compliance with section 102(a)(4)(C) with respect to documentation of award decisions: Provided further, That prior to obligation of technical assistance funding, the Secretary shall submit a plan, for ap-proval, to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations on how it will allocate funding for this activity: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading may be available for the doctoral dissertation research grant program. F
AIRHOUSING AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  
FAIR HOUSING ACTIVITIES  For contracts, grants, and other assist-ance, not otherwise provided for, as author-ized by title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968, as amended by the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988, and section 561 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, as amended, $65,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Sec-retary may assess and collect fees to cover the costs of the Fair Housing Training Acad-emy, and may use such funds to provide such training: Provided further, That no funds made available under this heading shall be used to lobby the executive or legislative branches of the Federal Government in con-nection with a specific contract, grant, or loan: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $300,000 shall be available to the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development for the creation and promotion of translated materials and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5197 July 23, 2018 
other programs that support the assistance of persons with limited English proficiency in utilizing the services provided by the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. O
FFICE OF LEADHAZARD CONTROL AND  H
EALTHY HOMES  
LEAD HAZARD REDUCTION  For the Lead Hazard Reduction Program, as authorized by section 1011 of the Residen-tial Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992, $260,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $45,000,000 shall be for the Healthy Homes Initiative, pursu-ant to sections 501 and 502 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970, which shall include research, studies, testing, and dem-onstration efforts, including education and outreach concerning lead-based paint poi-soning and other housing-related diseases and hazards: Provided, That for purposes of environmental review, pursuant to the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and other provisions of law that further the purposes of such Act, a grant under the Healthy Homes Initiative, or the Lead Technical Studies program under this heading or under prior appropriations Acts for such purposes under this heading, shall be considered to be funds for a special project for purposes of section 305(c) of the Multifamily Housing Property Disposition Reform Act of 1994: Provided further, That not less than $95,000,000 of the amounts made available under this heading for the award of grants pursuant to section 1011 of the Resi-dential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992 shall be provided to areas with the highest lead-based paint abatement needs: Provided further, That $45,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be for the implementation of projects to demonstrate how intensive, extended multi- year interventions can dramatically reduce the presence of lead-based paint hazards in communities containing high concentrations of both pre-1940 housing and low-income fam-ilies by achieving economies of scale that substantially reduce the cost of lead-based paint remediation activities and administra-tive costs for grantees: Provided further, That such projects in each of five communities shall be for five years and serve no more than four contiguous census tracts in which there are high concentrations of housing stock built before 1940, in which low-income families with children make up a signifi-cantly higher proportion of the population as compared to the State average, and that are located in jurisdictions in which instances of elevated blood lead levels reported to the State are significantly higher than the State average: Provided further, That funding awarded for such projects shall be made available for draw down contingent upon the grantee meeting cost-savings, productivity, and grant compliance benchmarks estab-lished by the Secretary: Provided further, That each recipent of funds for such projects shall contribute an amount not less than 10 percent of the total award, and that the Sec-retary shall give priority to applicants that secure commitments for additional contribu-tions from public and private sources: Pro- vided further, That grantees currently receiv-ing grants made under this heading shall be eligible to apply for such projects, provided that they are deemed to be in compliance with program requirements established by the Secretary: Provided further, That each applicant shall certify adequate capacity that is acceptable to the Secretary to carry out the proposed use of funds pursuant to a notice of funding availability: Provided fur-ther, That amounts made available under this heading in this or prior appropriations Acts, still remaining available, may be used for any purpose under this heading notwith-standing the purpose for which such amounts were appropriated if a program competition is undersubscribed and there are other pro-gram competitions under this heading that are oversubscribed. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY FUND For the development, modernization, and enhancement of, modifications to, and infra-structure for Department-wide and program- specific information technology systems, for the continuing operation and maintenance of both Department-wide and program-specific information systems, and for program-re-lated maintenance activities, $280,000,000, of which $260,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $20,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That any amounts transferred to this Fund under this Act shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any amounts transferred to this Fund from amounts appropriated by pre-viously enacted appropriations Acts may be used for the purposes specified under this Fund, in addition to any other information technology purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That not more than 10 percent of the funds made available under this heading for develop-ment, modernization and enhancement may be obligated until the Secretary submits to the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations, for approval, a plan for expendi-ture that—(A) identifies for each moderniza-tion project: (i) the functional and perform-ance capabilities to be delivered and the mis-sion benefits to be realized, (ii) the esti-mated life-cycle cost, and (iii) key mile-stones to be met; and (B) demonstrates that each modernization project is: (i) compliant with the Department’s enterprise architec-ture, (ii) being managed in accordance with applicable life-cycle management policies and guidance, (iii) subject to the Depart-ment’s capital planning and investment con-trol requirements, and (iv) supported by an adequately staffed project office. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amend-ed, $128,082,000: Provided, That the Inspector General shall have independent authority over all personnel issues within this office. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  H
OUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION)  S
EC. 201. Fifty percent of the amounts of budget authority, or in lieu thereof 50 per-cent of the cash amounts associated with such budget authority, that are recaptured from projects described in section 1012(a) of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assist-ance Amendments Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1437f note) shall be rescinded or in the case of cash, shall be remitted to the Treasury, and such amounts of budget authority or cash re-captured and not rescinded or remitted to the Treasury shall be used by State housing finance agencies or local governments or local housing agencies with projects ap-proved by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for which settlement oc-curred after January 1, 1992, in accordance with such section. Notwithstanding the pre-vious sentence, the Secretary may award up to 15 percent of the budget authority or cash recaptured and not rescinded or remitted to the Treasury to provide project owners with incentives to refinance their project at a lower interest rate. S
EC. 202. None of the amounts made avail-able under this Act may be used during fiscal year 2019 to investigate or prosecute under the Fair Housing Act any otherwise lawful activity engaged in by one or more persons, including the filing or maintaining of a non-frivolous legal action, that is engaged in solely for the purpose of achieving or pre-venting action by a Government official or entity, or a court of competent jurisdiction. SEC. 203. Except as explicitly provided in law, any grant, cooperative agreement or other assistance made pursuant to title II of this Act shall be made on a competitive basis and in accordance with section 102 of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development Reform Act of 1989 (42 U.S.C. 3545). S
EC. 204. Funds of the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development subject to the Government Corporation Control Act or sec-tion 402 of the Housing Act of 1950 shall be available, without regard to the limitations on administrative expenses, for legal serv-ices on a contract or fee basis, and for uti-lizing and making payment for services and facilities of the Federal National Mortgage Association, Government National Mortgage Association, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Federal Financing Bank, Fed-eral Reserve banks or any member thereof, Federal Home Loan banks, and any insured bank within the meaning of the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation Act, as amended (12 U.S.C. 1811–1). S
EC. 205. Unless otherwise provided for in this Act or through a reprogramming of funds, no part of any appropriation for the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment shall be available for any program, project or activity in excess of amounts set forth in the budget estimates submitted to Congress. S
EC. 206. Corporations and agencies of the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment which are subject to the Government Corporation Control Act are hereby author-ized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to each such corporation or agency and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without re-gard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 104 of such Act as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the budget for 2019 for such corporation or agen-cy except as hereinafter provided: Provided, That collections of these corporations and agencies may be used for new loan or mort-gage purchase commitments only to the ex-tent expressly provided for in this Act (un-less such loans are in support of other forms of assistance provided for in this or prior ap-propriations Acts), except that this proviso shall not apply to the mortgage insurance or guaranty operations of these corporations, or where loans or mortgage purchases are necessary to protect the financial interest of the United States Government. S
EC. 207. The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall provide quarterly reports to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations regarding all uncommit-ted, unobligated, recaptured and excess funds in each program and activity within the ju-risdiction of the Department and shall sub-mit additional, updated budget information to these Committees upon request. S
EC. 208. The President’s formal budget re-quest for fiscal year 2020, as well as the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment’s congressional budget justifications to be submitted to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall use the identical ac-count and sub-account structure provided under this Act. S
EC. 209. No funds provided under this title may be used for an audit of the Government National Mortgage Association that makes applicable requirements under the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5198 July 23, 2018 
SEC. 210. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, subject to the conditions listed under this section, for fiscal years 2019 and 2020, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may authorize the transfer of some or all project-based assistance, debt held or insured by the Secretary and statu-torily required low-income and very low-in-come use restrictions if any, associated with one or more multifamily housing project or projects to another multifamily housing project or projects. (b) P
HASED TRANSFERS .—Transfers of project-based assistance under this section may be done in phases to accommodate the financing and other requirements related to rehabilitating or constructing the project or projects to which the assistance is trans-ferred, to ensure that such project or projects meet the standards under subsection (c). (c) The transfer authorized in subsection (a) is subject to the following conditions: (1) N
UMBER AND BEDROOM SIZE OF UNITS .— (A) For occupied units in the transferring project: The number of low-income and very low-income units and the configuration (i.e., bedroom size) provided by the transferring project shall be no less than when trans-ferred to the receiving project or projects and the net dollar amount of Federal assist-ance provided to the transferring project shall remain the same in the receiving project or projects. (B) For unoccupied units in the transfer-ring project: The Secretary may authorize a reduction in the number of dwelling units in the receiving project or projects to allow for a reconfiguration of bedroom sizes to meet current market demands, as determined by the Secretary and provided there is no in-crease in the project-based assistance budget authority. (2) The transferring project shall, as deter-mined by the Secretary, be either physically obsolete or economically nonviable. (3) The receiving project or projects shall meet or exceed applicable physical standards established by the Secretary. (4) The owner or mortgagor of the transfer-ring project shall notify and consult with the tenants residing in the transferring project and provide a certification of approval by all appropriate local governmental officials. (5) The tenants of the transferring project who remain eligible for assistance to be pro-vided by the receiving project or projects shall not be required to vacate their units in the transferring project or projects until new units in the receiving project are available for occupancy. (6) The Secretary determines that this transfer is in the best interest of the tenants. (7) If either the transferring project or the receiving project or projects meets the con-dition specified in subsection (d)(2)(A), any lien on the receiving project resulting from additional financing obtained by the owner shall be subordinate to any FHA-insured mortgage lien transferred to, or placed on, such project by the Secretary, except that the Secretary may waive this requirement upon determination that such a waiver is necessary to facilitate the financing of ac-quisition, construction, and/or rehabilitation of the receiving project or projects. (8) If the transferring project meets the re-quirements of subsection (d)(2), the owner or mortgagor of the receiving project or projects shall execute and record either a continuation of the existing use agreement or a new use agreement for the project where, in either case, any use restrictions in such agreement are of no lesser duration than the existing use restrictions. (9) The transfer does not increase the cost (as defined in section 502 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, as amended) of any FHA-insured mortgage, except to the extent that appropriations are provided in advance for the amount of any such increased cost. (d) For purposes of this section— (1) the terms ‘‘low-income’’ and ‘‘very low- income’’ shall have the meanings provided by the statute and/or regulations governing the program under which the project is in-sured or assisted; (2) the term ‘‘multifamily housing project’’ means housing that meets one of the fol-lowing conditions— (A) housing that is subject to a mortgage insured under the National Housing Act; (B) housing that has project-based assist-ance attached to the structure including projects undergoing mark to market debt re-structuring under the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Housing Act; (C) housing that is assisted under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as amended by section 801 of the Cranston-Gonzales Na-tional Affordable Housing Act; (D) housing that is assisted under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as such sec-tion existed before the enactment of the Cranston-Gonzales National Affordable Housing Act; (E) housing that is assisted under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzales National Af-fordable Housing Act; or (F) housing or vacant land that is subject to a use agreement; (3) the term ‘‘project-based assistance’’ means— (A) assistance provided under section 8(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937; (B) assistance for housing constructed or substantially rehabilitated pursuant to as-sistance provided under section 8(b)(2) of such Act (as such section existed imme-diately before October 1, 1983); (C) rent supplement payments under sec-tion 101 of the Housing and Urban Develop-ment Act of 1965; (D) interest reduction payments under sec-tion 236 and/or additional assistance pay-ments under section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act; (E) assistance payments made under sec-tion 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959; and (F) assistance payments made under sec-tion 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez Na-tional Affordable Housing Act; (4) the term ‘‘receiving project or projects’’ means the multifamily housing project or projects to which some or all of the project- based assistance, debt, and statutorily re-quired low-income and very low-income use restrictions are to be transferred; (5) the term ‘‘transferring project’’ means the multifamily housing project which is transferring some or all of the project-based assistance, debt, and the statutorily required low-income and very low-income use restric-tions to the receiving project or projects; and (6) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development. (e) R
ESEARCH REPORT .—The Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the transfer authority under this section, including the effect of such transfers on the operational ef-ficiency, contract rents, physical and finan-cial conditions, and long-term preservation of the affected properties. S
EC. 211. (a) No assistance shall be provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f) to any individual who— (1) is enrolled as a student at an institu-tion of higher education (as defined under section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)); (2) is under 24 years of age; (3) is not a veteran; (4) is unmarried; (5) does not have a dependent child; (6) is not a person with disabilities, as such term is defined in section 3(b)(3)(E) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(3)(E)) and was not receiving assist-ance under such section 8 as of November 30, 2005; (7) is not a youth who left foster care at age 14 or older and is at risk of becoming homeless; and (8) is not otherwise individually eligible, or has parents who, individually or jointly, are not eligible, to receive assistance under sec-tion 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f). (b) For purposes of determining the eligi-bility of a person to receive assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), any financial assistance (in excess of amounts received for tuition and any other required fees and charges) that an individual receives under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), from private sources, or an institution of higher education (as defined under the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)), shall be considered income to that indi-vidual, except for a person over the age of 23 with dependent children. SEC. 212. The funds made available for Na-tive Alaskans under the heading ‘‘Native American Housing Block Grants’’ in title II of this Act shall be allocated to the same Na-tive Alaskan housing block grant recipients that received funds in fiscal year 2005. S
EC. 213. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, in fiscal year 2019, in managing and disposing of any multifamily property that is owned or has a mortgage held by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and during the process of foreclosure on any property with a contract for rental assistance payments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 or other Federal programs, the Secretary shall main-tain any rental assistance payments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 and other programs that are attached to any dwelling units in the property. To the extent the Secretary determines, in con-sultation with the tenants and the local gov-ernment, that such a multifamily property owned or held by the Secretary is not fea-sible for continued rental assistance pay-ments under such section 8 or other pro-grams, based on consideration of (1) the costs of rehabilitating and operating the property and all available Federal, State, and local re-sources, including rent adjustments under section 524 of the Multifamily Assisted Hous-ing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (‘‘MAHRAA’’) and (2) environmental condi-tions that cannot be remedied in a cost-ef-fective fashion, the Secretary may, in con-sultation with the tenants of that property, contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. The Secretary shall also take appropriate steps to ensure that project-based contracts remain in effect prior to foreclosure, subject to the exercise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for imminent major threats to health and safety after written notice to and informed consent of the af-fected tenants and use of other available remedies, such as partial abatements or re-ceivership. After disposition of any multi-family property described under this section, the contract and allowable rent levels on such properties shall be subject to the re-quirements under section 524 of MAHRAA. S
EC. 214. The commitment authority fund-ed by fees as provided under the heading ‘‘Community Development Loan Guarantees Program Account’’ may be used to guar-antee, or make commitments to guarantee, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5199 July 23, 2018 
notes, or other obligations issued by any State on behalf of non-entitlement commu-nities in the State in accordance with the re-quirements of section 108 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974: Pro- vided, That any State receiving such a guar-antee or commitment shall distribute all funds subject to such guarantee to the units of general local government in non-entitle-ment areas that received the commitment. S
EC. 215. Public housing agencies that own and operate 400 or fewer public housing units may elect to be exempt from any asset man-agement requirement imposed by the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development in connection with the operating fund rule: Pro- vided, That an agency seeking a discontinu-ance of a reduction of subsidy under the op-erating fund formula shall not be exempt from asset management requirements. S
EC. 216. With respect to the use of amounts provided in this Act and in future Acts for the operation, capital improvement and management of public housing as au-thorized by sections 9(d) and 9(e) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(d) and (e)), the Secretary shall not im-pose any requirement or guideline relating to asset management that restricts or limits in any way the use of capital funds for cen-tral office costs pursuant to section 9(g)(1) or 9(g)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(g)(1), (2)): Provided, That a public housing agency may not use capital funds authorized under section 9(d) for ac-tivities that are eligible under section 9(e) for assistance with amounts from the oper-ating fund in excess of the amounts per-mitted under section 9(g)(1) or 9(g)(2). S
EC. 217. No official or employee of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development shall be designated as an allotment holder unless the Office of the Chief Financial Offi-cer has determined that such allotment hold-er has implemented an adequate system of funds control and has received training in funds control procedures and directives. The Chief Financial Officer shall ensure that there is a trained allotment holder for each HUD appropriation under the accounts ‘‘Ex-ecutive Offices’’ and ‘‘Administrative Sup-port Offices,’’ as well as each account receiv-ing appropriations under the general heading ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Government National Mortgage Associa-tion—Guarantees of Mortgage-Backed Secu-rities Loan Guarantee Program Account’’, and ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ within the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. S
EC. 218. The Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development shall, for fiscal year 2019, notify the public through the Federal Register and other means, as de-termined appropriate, of the issuance of a notice of the availability of assistance or no-tice of funding availability (NOFA) for any program or discretionary fund administered by the Secretary that is to be competitively awarded. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, for fiscal year 2019, the Secretary may make the NOFA available only on the Internet at the appropriate Government web site or through other electronic media, as de-termined by the Secretary. S
EC. 219. Payment of attorney fees in pro-gram-related litigation shall be paid from the individual program office and Office of General Counsel salaries and expenses appro-priations. The annual budget submission for the program offices and the Office of General Counsel shall include any such projected liti-gation costs for attorney fees as a separate line item request. No funds provided in this title may be used to pay any such litigation costs for attorney fees until the Department submits for review a spending plan for such costs to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. SEC. 220. The Secretary is authorized to transfer up to 10 percent or $5,000,000, which-ever is less, of funds appropriated for any of-fice under the heading ‘‘Administrative Sup-port Offices’’ or for any account under the general heading ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’ to any other such office or ac-count: Provided, That no appropriation for any such office or account shall be increased or decreased by more than 10 percent or $5,000,000, whichever is less, without prior written approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall provide notifi-cation to such Committees three business days in advance of any such transfers under this section up to 10 percent or $5,000,000, whichever is less. S
EC. 221. (a) Any entity receiving housing assistance payments shall maintain decent, safe, and sanitary conditions, as determined by the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’), and comply with any stand-ards under applicable State or local laws, rules, ordinances, or regulations relating to the physical condition of any property cov-ered under a housing assistance payment contract. (b) The Secretary shall take action under subsection (c) when a multifamily housing project with a section 8 contract or contract for similar project-based assistance— (1) receives a Uniform Physical Condition Standards (UPCS) score of 60 or less; or (2) fails to certify in writing to the Sec-retary within 3 days that all Exigent Health and Safety deficiencies identified by the in-spector at the project have been corrected. Such requirements shall apply to insured and noninsured projects with assistance at-tached to the units under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), but do not apply to such units assisted under section 8(o)(13) (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(13)) or to public housing units assisted with cap-ital or operating funds under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g). (c)(1) Within 15 days of the issuance of the REAC inspection, the Secretary must pro-vide the owner with a Notice of Default with a specified timetable, determined by the Sec-retary, for correcting all deficiencies. The Secretary must also provide a copy of the Notice of Default to the tenants, the local government, any mortgagees, and any con-tract administrator. If the owner’s appeal re-sults in a UPCS score of 60 or above, the Sec-retary may withdraw the Notice of Default. (2) At the end of the time period for cor-recting all deficiencies specified in the No-tice of Default, if the owner fails to fully cor-rect such deficiencies, the Secretary may— (A) require immediate replacement of project management with a management agent approved by the Secretary; (B) impose civil money penalties, which shall be used solely for the purpose of sup-porting safe and sanitary conditions at appli-cable properties, as designated by the Sec-retary, with priority given to the tenants of the property affected by the penalty; (C) abate the section 8 contract, including partial abatement, as determined by the Sec-retary, until all deficiencies have been cor-rected; (D) pursue transfer of the project to an owner, approved by the Secretary under es-tablished procedures, which will be obligated to promptly make all required repairs and to accept renewal of the assistance contract as long as such renewal is offered; (E) transfer the existing section 8 contract to another project or projects and owner or owners; (F) pursue exclusionary sanctions, includ-ing suspensions or debarments from Federal programs; (G) seek judicial appointment of a receiver to manage the property and cure all project deficiencies or seek a judicial order of spe-cific performance requiring the owner to cure all project deficiencies; (H) work with the owner, lender, or other related party to stabilize the property in an attempt to preserve the property through compliance, transfer of ownership, or an in-fusion of capital provided by a third-party that requires time to effectuate; or (I) take any other regulatory or contrac-tual remedies available as deemed necessary and appropriate by the Secretary. (d) The Secretary shall also take appro-priate steps to ensure that project-based con-tracts remain in effect, subject to the exer-cise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for major threats to health and safety after written notice to the affected tenants. To the extent the Sec-retary determines, in consultation with the tenants and the local government, that the property is not feasible for continued rental assistance payments under such section 8 or other programs, based on consideration of— (1) the costs of rehabilitating and oper-ating the property and all available Federal, State, and local resources, including rent ad-justments under section 524 of the Multi-family Assisted Housing Reform and Afford-ability Act of 1997 (‘‘MAHRAA’’); and (2) environmental conditions that cannot be remedied in a cost-effective fashion, the Secretary may contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. (e) The Secretary shall report quarterly on all properties covered by this section that are assessed through the Real Estate Assess-ment Center and have UPCS physical inspec-tion scores of less than 60 or have received an unsatisfactory management and occu-pancy review within the past 36 months. The report shall include— (1) the enforcement actions being taken to address such conditions, including imposi-tion of civil money penalties and termi-nation of subsidies, and identify properties that have such conditions multiple times; (2) actions that the Department of Housing and Urban Development is taking to protect tenants of such identified properties; and (3) any administrative or legislative rec-ommendations to further improve the living conditions at properties covered under a housing assistance payment contract. This report shall be due to the Senate and House Committees on Appropriations no later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, and on the first business day of each Federal fiscal year quarter thereafter while this section remains in effect. S
EC. 222. None of the funds made available by this Act, or any other Act, for purposes authorized under section 8 (only with respect to the tenant-based rental assistance pro-gram) and section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.), may be used by any public housing agency for any amount of salary, including bonuses, for the chief executive officer of which, or any other official or employee of which, that exceeds the annual rate of basic pay payable for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule at any time during any public housing agency fiscal year 2019. S
EC. 223. None of the funds in this Act pro-vided to the Department of Housing and Urban Development may be used to make a grant award unless the Secretary notifies the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations not less than 3 full business days before any project, State, locality, housing authority, tribe, nonprofit organization, or other entity selected to receive a grant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5200 July 23, 2018 
award is announced by the Department or its offices. S
EC. 224. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require or enforce the Physical Needs Assessment (PNA). S
EC. 225. None of the funds made available in this Act shall be used by the Federal Housing Administration, the Government National Mortgage Administration, or the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to insure, securitize, or establish a Federal guarantee of any mortgage or mort-gage backed security that refinances or oth-erwise replaces a mortgage that has been subject to eminent domain condemnation or seizure, by a State, municipality, or any other political subdivision of a State. S
EC. 226. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to terminate the status of a unit of general local government as a metropolitan city (as defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Develop-ment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5302)) with respect to grants under section 106 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5306). S
EC. 227. Amounts made available under this Act which are either appropriated, allo-cated, advanced on a reimbursable basis, or transferred to the Office of Policy Develop-ment and Research in the Department of Housing and Urban Development and func-tions thereof, for research, evaluation, or statistical purposes, and which are unex-pended at the time of completion of a con-tract, grant, or cooperative agreement, may be deobligated and shall immediately be-come available and may be reobligated in that fiscal year or the subsequent fiscal year for the research, evaluation, or statistical purposes for which the amounts are made available to that Office subject to re-programming requirements in section 405 of this Act. S
EC. 228. None of the funds provided in this Act or any other act may be used for awards, including performance, special act, or spot, for any employee of the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development who has been subject to administrative discipline in fiscal years 2018 or 2019, including suspension from work. S
EC. 229. Funds made available in this title under the heading ‘‘Homeless Assistance Grants’’ may be used by the Secretary to participate in Performance Partnership Pi-lots authorized under section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235, section 525 of divi-sion H of Public Law 114–113, and such au-thorities as are enacted for Performance Partnership Pilots in an appropriations Act for fiscal year 2019: Provided, That such par-ticipation shall be limited to no more than 10 continuums of care and housing activities to improve outcomes for disconnected youth. S
EC. 230. With respect to grant amounts awarded under the heading ‘‘Homeless As-sistance Grants’’ for fiscal years 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 for the continuum of care (CoC) program as authorized under subtitle C of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, costs paid by program in-come of grant recipients may count toward meeting the recipient’s matching require-ments, provided the costs are eligible CoC costs that supplement the recipient’s CoC program. S
EC. 231. (a) From amounts made available under this title under the heading ‘‘Homeless Assistance Grants’’, the Secretary may award 1-year transition grants to recipients of funds for activities under subtitle C of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11381 et seq.) to transition from one Continuum of Care program component to another. (b) No more than 50 percent of each transi-tion grant may be used for costs of eligible activities of the program component origi-nally funded. (c) Transition grants made under this sec-tion are eligible for renewal in subsequent fiscal years for the eligible activities of the new program component. (d) In order to be eligible to receive a tran-sition grant, the funding recipient must have the consent of the Continuum of Care and meet standards determined by the Secretary. SEC. 232. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Housing and Urban Development to direct a grantee to undertake specific changes to existing zoning laws as part of carrying out the final rule entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Fur-thering Fair Housing’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 42272 (July 16, 2015)) or the notice entitled ‘‘Af-firmatively Furthering Fair Housing Assess-ment Tool’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 57949 (September 26, 2014)). S
EC. 233. Section 218(g) of the Cranston- Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12748(g)) shall not apply with re-spect to the right of a jurisdiction to draw funds from its HOME Investment Trust Fund that otherwise expired or would expire in 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 or 2021 under that section. S
EC. 234. The Promise Zone designations and Promise Zone Designation Agreements entered into pursuant to such designations, made by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in prior fiscal years, shall re-main in effect in accordance with the terms and conditions of such agreements. S
EC. 235. The Secretary shall initiate a comprehensive review of existing public housing and tenant-based rental assistance regulations and related notices and other guidance documents to identify opportuni-ties to streamline the administration of such programs while also ensuring compliance with Federal financial and internal control requirements. The Secretary shall establish a regulatory advisory committee, composed of program and research experts from the Department, a fair representation of public housing agencies, and independent subject matter experts in housing policy, property management, and Federal grant manage-ment, which shall advise the Secretary with respect to specific policy proposals to reduce administrative burden. The Secretary, in consultation with the advisory committee, shall submit a report on the results of such regulatory review to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations no later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 236. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to establish and apply a ranking factor in the selection and award of any funds made available and re-quiring competitive selection under this Act, including preference or bonus points or other incentives for participation in or coordina-tion with EnVision Centers. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development Appro-priations Act, 2019’’. TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES A
CCESS BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Access Board, as authorized by section 502 of the Re-habilitation Act of 1973, as amended, $8,400,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, there may be credited to this appropriation funds received for publications and training expenses. F
EDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Mar-itime Commission as authorized by section 201(d) of the Merchant Marine Act, 1936, as amended (46 U.S.C. 307), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343(b); and uniforms or allowances there-fore, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, $27,490,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. NATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General for the National Railroad Passenger Corporation to carry out the pro-visions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $23,274,000: Provided, That the Inspector General shall have all necessary authority, in carrying out the duties speci-fied in the Inspector General Act, as amend-ed (5 U.S.C. App. 3), to investigate allega-tions of fraud, including false statements to the government (18 U.S.C. 1001), by any per-son or entity that is subject to regulation by the National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion: Provided further, That the Inspector General may enter into contracts and other arrangements for audits, studies, analyses, and other services with public agencies and with private persons, subject to the applica-ble laws and regulations that govern the ob-taining of such services within the National Railroad Passenger Corporation: Provided further, That the Inspector General may se-lect, appoint, and employ such officers and employees as may be necessary for carrying out the functions, powers, and duties of the Office of Inspector General, subject to the applicable laws and regulations that govern such selections, appointments, and employ-ment within the Corporation: Provided fur-ther, That concurrent with the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2020, the In-spector General shall submit to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations a budget request for fiscal year 2020 in similar format and substance to those submitted by executive agencies of the Federal Govern-ment. N
ATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Transportation Safety Board, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for a GS–15; uniforms, or allowances therefor, as author-ized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902), $110,400,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 may be used for official reception and representation ex-penses. The amounts made available to the National Transportation Safety Board in this Act include amounts necessary to make lease payments on an obligation incurred in fiscal year 2001 for a capital lease. N
EIGHBORHOOD REINVESTMENT CORPORATION  
PAYMENT TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD  
REINVESTMENT CORPORATION  For payment to the Neighborhood Rein-vestment Corporation for use in neighbor-hood reinvestment activities, as authorized by the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corpora-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 8101–8107), $145,000,000, of which $5,000,000 shall be for a multi-family rental housing program: Provided, That an additional $2,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, shall be for the pro-motion and development of shared equity housing models. S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Surface Transportation Board, including services au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $37,100,000: Provided, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5201 July 23, 2018 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $1,250,000 from fees estab-lished by the Chairman of the Surface Trans-portation Board shall be credited to this ap-propriation as offsetting collections and used for necessary and authorized expenses under this heading: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2019, to result in a final ap-propriation from the general fund estimated at no more than $35,850,000. U
NITED STATES INTERAGENCY COUNCIL ON  H
OMELESSNESS  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses (including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, the rental of con-ference rooms, and the employment of ex-perts and consultants under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code) of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness in carrying out the functions pursuant to title II of the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act, as amended, $3,600,000: Provided, That the first proviso in Public Law 115–141 under the heading ‘‘United States Inter-agency Council on Homelessness—Operating Expenses’’ is amended by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT S
EC. 401. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, non-Federal parties intervening in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. S
EC. 402. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 403. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through a procurement contract pursu-ant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of pub-lic record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under exist-ing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. S
EC. 404. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be obligated or ex-pended for any employee training that— (1) does not meet identified needs for knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing di-rectly upon the performance of official du-ties; (2) contains elements likely to induce high levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; (3) does not require prior employee notifi-cation of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evaluation; (4) contains any methods or content associ-ated with religious or quasi-religious belief systems or ‘‘new age’’ belief systems as de-fined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Notice N–915.022, dated Sep-tember 2, 1988; or (5) is offensive to, or designed to change, participants’ personal values or lifestyle out-side the workplace. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. S
EC. 405. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2019, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Con-gress; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-cific activity by either the House or Senate Committees on Appropriations for a dif-ferent purpose; (5) augments existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or activities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, which-ever is less; or (7) creates, reorganizes, or restructures a branch, division, office, bureau, board, com-mission, agency, administration, or depart-ment different from the budget justifications submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions or the table accompanying the report accompanying this Act, whichever is more detailed, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fis-cal year: Provided further, That the report shall include— (A) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the prior year en-acted level, the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (B) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation and its respective prior year en-acted level by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in the budg-et appendix for the respective appropriation; and (C) an identification of items of special congressional interest. SEC. 406. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2019 from appropria-tions made available for salaries and ex-penses for fiscal year 2019 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for each such account for the purposes au-thorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided fur-ther, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines under section 405 of this Act. S
EC. 407. No funds in this Act may be used to support any Federal, State, or local projects that seek to use the power of emi-nent domain, unless eminent domain is em-ployed only for a public use: Provided, That for purposes of this section, public use shall not be construed to include economic devel-opment that primarily benefits private enti-ties: Provided further, That any use of funds for mass transit, railroad, airport, seaport or highway projects, as well as utility projects which benefit or serve the general public (in-cluding energy-related, communication-re-lated, water-related and wastewater-related infrastructure), other structures designated for use by the general public or which have other common-carrier or public-utility func-tions that serve the general public and are subject to regulation and oversight by the government, and projects for the removal of an immediate threat to public health and safety or brownfields as defined in the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act (Public Law 107–118) shall be considered a public use for purposes of eminent domain. SEC. 408. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tions Act. S
EC. 409. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be available to pay the salary for any person filling a position, other than a temporary position, formerly held by an employee who has left to enter the Armed Forces of the United States and has satisfactorily completed his or her pe-riod of active military or naval service, and has within 90 days after his or her release from such service or from hospitalization continuing after discharge for a period of not more than 1 year, made application for res-toration to his or her former position and has been certified by the Office of Personnel Management as still qualified to perform the duties of his or her former position and has not been restored thereto. S
EC. 410. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity un-less the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with sec-tions 2 through 4 of the Act of March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 8301–8305, popularly known as the ‘‘Buy American Act’’). S
EC. 411. No funds appropriated or other-wise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating the Buy American Act (41 U.S.C. 8301–8305). S
EC. 412. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for first-class airline accommodations in contravention of sec-tions 301–10.122 and 301–10.123 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 413. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to approve a new foreign air carrier permit under sections 41301 through 41305 of title 49, United States Code, or exemption application under section 40109 of that title of an air carrier already holding an air operators certificate issued by a country that is party to the U.S.-E.U.-Ice-land-Norway Air Transport Agreement where such approval would contravene United States law or Article 17 bis of the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Norway Air Transport Agreement. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict or otherwise preclude the Secretary of Transportation from granting a foreign air carrier permit or an exemption to such an air carrier where such authorization is consistent with the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Nor-way Air Transport Agreement and United States law. S
EC. 414. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 em-ployees of a single agency or department of the United States Government, who are sta-tioned in the United States, at any single international conference unless the relevant Secretary reports to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days in advance that such attendance is im-portant to the national interest: Provided, That for purposes of this section the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representatives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international organizations, or nongovernmental organizations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5202 July 23, 2018 
SEC. 415. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Surface Transportation Board to charge or collect any filing fee for rate or practice complaints filed with the Board in an amount in excess of the amount author-ized for district court civil suit filing fees under section 1914 of title 28, United States Code. S
EC. 416. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation, the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in ac-cordance with Presidential Memorandum— Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. S
EC. 417. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 418. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to deny an In-spector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provi-sion of law that expressly refers to the In-spector General and expressly limits the In-spector General’s right of access. (b) A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with access to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. (c) Each Inspector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure relevant to the information pro-vided by the establishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this require-ment. S
EC. 419. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for con-tractors whose performance has been judged to be below satisfactory, behind schedule, over budget, or has failed to meet the basic requirements of a contract, unless the Agen-cy determines that any such deviations are due to unforeseeable events, government- driven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program unless such awards or incentive fees are consistent with 16.401(e)(2) of the FAR. S
EC. 420. (a) Section 420 (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able under this Act may be used to acquire telecommunications equipment produced by Huawei Technologies Company, ZTE Cor-poration or a high-impact or moderate-im-pact information system, as defined for secu-rity categorization in the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s (NIST) Fed-eral Information Processing Standard Publi-cation 199, ‘‘Standards for Security Cat-egorization of Federal Information and In-formation Systems’’ unless the agency has— (1) reviewed the supply chain risk for the information systems against criteria devel-oped by NIST to inform acquisition decisions for high-impact and moderate-impact infor-mation systems within the Federal Govern-ment; (2) reviewed the supply chain risk from the presumptive awardee against available and relevant threat information provided by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other appropriate agencies; and (3) in consultation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation or other appropriate Federal entity, conducted an assessment of any risk of cyber-espionage or sabotage associated with the acquisition of such system, includ-ing any risk associated with such system being produced, manufactured, or assembled by one or more entities identified by the United States Government as posing a cyber threat, including but not limited to, those that may be owned, directed, or subsidized by the People’s Republic of China, the Is-lamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, or the Russian Fed-eration. (b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available under this Act may be used to acquire a high-impact or moderate impact information system reviewed and as-sessed under subsection (a) unless the head of the assessing entity described in sub-section (a) has— (1) developed, in consultation with NIST and supply chain risk management experts, a mitigation strategy for any identified risks; (2) determined, in consultation with NIST and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, that the acquisition of such system is in the vital national security interest of the United States; and (3) reported that determination to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in a man-ner that identifies the system intended for acquisition and a detailed description of the mitigation strategies identified in (1), pro-vided that such report may include a classi-fied annex as necessary. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’. SA 3400. Ms. MURKOWSKI proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 95, line 6, strike ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$5,250,000’’. 
SA 3401. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. (a) In carrying out any discre-tionary grant or funding program adminis-tered by the Secretary of the Interior øusing funds made available by this Act ¿, the Sec- retary shall consider whether a State has a significant need for resources, with par-ticular consideration of the needs of the coastal States. (b) In determining apportionments for fis-cal year 2019 of amounts appropriated and available for State purposes from the Land and Water Conservation Fund under section 200305(b)(2) of title 54, United States Code, the Secretary of the Interior shall— (1) consider whether a State (as defined in section 200301 of that title) has a significant need for resources, with particular consider-ation of the needs of the coastal States; and (2) attempt to correct the traditional pref-erence for the use of amounts from the Land and Water Conservation Fund to fund inland projects. SA 3402. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. L EE, and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by Division B of this Act may be used by the government of the District of Colum-bia to carry out subtitle A of title V of the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Support Act of 2018 (D.C. Bill 22–753) (requiring residents of the District of Columbia to have health insur-ance). 
SA 3403. Ms. MURKOWSKI proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 589, to establish Department of Energy policy for science and energy research and de-velopment programs, and reform Na-tional Laboratory management and technology transfer programs, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike title IV. 
SA 3404. Ms. MURKOWSKI proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2503, to es-tablish Department of Energy policy for science and energy research and de-velopment programs, and reform Na-tional Laboratory management and technology transfer programs, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike title IV. 
SA 3405. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 154, line 14, strike ‘‘$15,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$20,000,000’’. 
SA 3406. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. The Secretary of Agriculture shall provide to any State or county im-pacted by a volcanic eruption covered by a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.020 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5203 July 23, 2018 
major disaster declared by the President in calendar year 2018 in accordance with section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) technical assistance— (1) to assess damage to agricultural pro-duction and rural infrastructure; and (2) to develop recovery plans for impacted farmers, ranchers, and rural communities. 
SA 3407. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: 
DAMAGE TO DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
FACILITIES BY VOLCANIC ERUPTION  S
EC. llll. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall submit to Congress a report on each facility and re-lated infrastructure of the Department of the Interior damaged by a volcanic eruption covered by a major disaster declared by the President in calendar year 2018 in accordance with section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) (referred to in this sec-tion as a ‘‘covered facility’’). (b) The report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an inventory of all covered facilities; (2) a description of— (A) any closures of covered facilities; and (B) the estimated impact on visitorship to covered facilities open to the public as a re-sult of a volcanic eruption; and (3) a plan— (A) to restore or replace covered facilities; and (B) to restore visitorship levels to covered facilities open to the public to historic visitorship levels. (c) In preparing the plan required under subsection (b)(3), the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall— (1) engage the community in which the covered facility is located, including the State and units of local government; and (2) include the estimated costs of carrying out the activities described in the plan. 
SA 3408. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for Mr. A
LEXANDER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2353, to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-ening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Effective date. Sec. 5. Table of contents of the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006. Sec. 6. Purpose. Sec. 7. Definitions. Sec. 8. Transition provisions. Sec. 9. Prohibitions. Sec. 10. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE I—CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDU-CATION ASSISTANCE TO THE STATES PART A—ALLOTMENT AND ALLOCATION  Sec. 110. Reservations and State allotment Sec. 111. Within State allocation. Sec. 112. Accountability. Sec. 113. National activities. Sec. 114. Assistance for the outlying areas. Sec. 115. Native American Programs. Sec. 116. Tribally controlled postsecondary career and technical institu-tions. Sec. 117. Occupational and employment in-formation. PART B—S
TATE PROVISIONS  Sec. 121. State administration. Sec. 122. State plan. Sec. 123. Improvement plans. Sec. 124. State leadership activities. PART C—L
OCAL PROVISIONS  Sec. 131. Distribution of funds to secondary education programs. Sec. 132. Special rules for career and tech-nical education. Sec. 133. Local application for career and technical education programs. Sec. 134. Local uses of funds. TITLE II—GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 201. Federal and State administrative provisions. TITLE III—AMENDMENTS TO OTHER LAWS Sec. 301. Amendments to the Wagner-Peyser Act. Sec. 302. Amendments to the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. Sec. 303. Amendment to the Workforce Inno-vation and Opportunity Act. 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.). 
SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect beginning on July 1, 2019. 
SEC. 5. TABLE OF CONTENTS OF THE CARL D. PERKINS CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION ACT OF 2006. 
Section 1(b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: ‘‘Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. ‘‘Sec. 2. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 3. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 4. Transition provisions. ‘‘Sec. 5. Privacy. ‘‘Sec. 6. Limitation. ‘‘Sec. 7. Special rule. ‘‘Sec. 8. Prohibitions. ‘‘Sec. 9. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘TITLE I—CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDU-CATION ASSISTANCE TO THE STATES ‘‘P
ARTA—A LLOTMENT AND ALLOCATION  ‘‘Sec. 111. Reservations and State allotment. ‘‘Sec. 112. Within State allocation. ‘‘Sec. 113. Accountability. ‘‘Sec. 114. National activities. ‘‘Sec. 115. Assistance for the outlying areas. ‘‘Sec. 116. Native American programs. ‘‘Sec. 117. Tribally controlled postsecondary career and technical institu-tions. ‘‘P
ARTB—S TATE PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. 121. State administration. ‘‘Sec. 122. State plan. ‘‘Sec. 123. Improvement plans. ‘‘Sec. 124. State leadership activities. ‘‘PARTC—L OCAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. 131. Distribution of funds to secondary education programs. ‘‘Sec. 132. Distribution of funds for postsec-ondary education programs. ‘‘Sec. 133. Special rules for career and tech-nical education. ‘‘Sec. 134. Local application for career and technical education programs. ‘‘Sec. 135. Local uses of funds. ‘‘TITLE II—GENERAL PROVISIONS ‘‘P
ARTA—F EDERAL ADMINISTRATIVE  P
ROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. 211. Fiscal requirements. ‘‘Sec. 212. Authority to make payments. ‘‘Sec. 213. Construction. ‘‘Sec. 214. Voluntary selection and participa-tion. ‘‘Sec. 215. Limitation for certain students. ‘‘Sec. 216. Federal laws guaranteeing civil rights. ‘‘Sec. 217. Participation of private school personnel and children. ‘‘Sec. 218. Limitation on Federal regula-tions. ‘‘Sec. 219. Study on programs of study aligned to high-skill, high-wage occupations. ‘‘P
ARTB—S TATE ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. 221. Joint funding. ‘‘Sec. 222. Prohibition on use of funds to in-duce out-of-State relocation of businesses. ‘‘Sec. 223. State administrative costs. ‘‘Sec. 224. Student assistance and other Fed-eral programs.’’. 
SEC. 6. PURPOSE. 
Section 2 (20 U.S.C. 2301) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘academic and career and technical skills’’ and inserting ‘‘academic knowledge and technical and employability skills’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and programs of study’’ after ‘‘technical education programs’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘high de-mand occupations’’ and inserting ‘‘in-de-mand occupations’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘, includ-ing tech prep education’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and pro-grams of study’’ after ‘‘technical education programs’’; (5) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (6) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) increasing the employment opportuni-ties for populations who are chronically un-employed or underemployed, including indi-viduals with disabilities, individuals from economically disadvantaged families, out-of- workforce individuals, youth who are in, or have aged out of, the foster care system, and homeless individuals.’’. 
SEC. 7. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 (20 U.S.C. 2302) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (10), (16), (23), (24), (25), (26), and (32); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (8), (9), (11), (12), (13), (14), (15), (17), (18), (19), (20), (21), (22), (27), (28), (29), (30), (31), (33), and (34) as paragraphs (9), (10), (17), (18), (20), (21), (24), (28), (30), (31), (33), (34), (39), (44), (45), (48), (49), (50), (51), and (52), respectively; (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, includ-ing information as described in section 118’’. (4) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘5 dif-ferent occupational fields to individuals who are available for study in preparation for en-tering the labor market’’ and inserting ‘‘3 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.018 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5204 July 23, 2018 
different fields that are available to all stu-dents, especially in high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry sectors or occupations’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘not fewer than 5 different occupational fields’’ and inserting ‘‘not fewer than 3 different oc-cupational fields’’; (5) in paragraph (5)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) provides individuals with rigorous aca-demic content and relevant technical knowl-edge and skills needed to prepare for further education and careers in current or emerging professions, which may include high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry sectors or occupations, which shall be, at the secondary level, aligned with the challenging State academic standards adopted by a State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965;’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘, an indus-try-recognized credential, a certificate, or an associate degree’’ and inserting ‘‘or a recog-nized postsecondary credential, which may include an industry-recognized credential, a certificate, or an associate degree’’; and (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, work-based, or other’’ after ‘‘competency-based’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘contributes to the’’ and inserting ‘‘supports the development of’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘general’’; and (iv) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to the extent practicable, coordinate between secondary and postsecondary edu-cation programs through programs of study, which may include coordination through ar-ticulation agreements, early college high school programs, dual or concurrent enroll-ment program opportunities, or other credit transfer agreements that provide postsec-ondary credit or advanced standing; and ‘‘(D) may include career exploration at the high school level or as early as the middle grades (as such term is defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965).’’; (6) in paragraph (7)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘(and parents, as appro-priate)’’ and inserting ‘‘(and, as appropriate, parents and out-of-school youth)’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘exploration opportuni-ties’’ after ‘‘regarding career awareness’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘to students (and, as appro-priate, parents and out-of-school youth)’’ after ‘‘provides information’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘financial aid,’’ and all that follows through the end of the subpara-graph and inserting ‘‘financial aid, job train-ing, secondary and postsecondary options (including associate and baccalaureate de-gree programs), dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, work-based learning oppor-tunities, early college high schools, financial literacy, and support services, as appro-priate; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) may provide assistance for special populations with respect to direct support services that enable students to persist in and complete career and technical edu-cation, programs of study, or career path-ways.’’; (7) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) C
AREER PATHWAYS .—The term ‘career pathways’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’; (8) by inserting after paragraph (10) (as re-designated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(11) CREDIT TRANSFER AGREEMENT .—The term ‘credit transfer agreement’ means a formal agreement, such as an articulation agreement, among and between secondary and postsecondary education institutions or systems that grant students transcripted postsecondary credit, which may include credit granted to students in dual or concur-rent enrollment programs or early college high school, dual credit, articulated credit, and credit granted on the basis of perform-ance on technical or academic assessments. ‘‘(12) CTE 
CONCENTRATOR .—The term ‘CTE concentrator’ means— ‘‘(A) at the secondary school level, a stu-dent served by an eligible recipient who has completed at least 2 courses in a single ca-reer and technical education program or pro-gram of study; and ‘‘(B) at the postsecondary level, a student enrolled in an eligible recipient who has— ‘‘(i) earned at least 12 credits within a ca-reer and technical education program or pro-gram of study; or ‘‘(ii) completed such a program if the pro-gram encompasses fewer than 12 credits or the equivalent in total. ‘‘(13) CTE 
PARTICIPANT .—The term ‘CTE participant’ means an individual who com-pletes not less than one course in a career and technical education program or program of study of an eligible recipient. ‘‘(14) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences. ‘‘(15) D
UAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLLMENT  
PROGRAM .—The term ‘dual or concurrent en-rollment program’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(16) E
ARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘early college high school’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’; (9) by inserting after paragraph (18) (as re-designated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(19) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a consortium that includes the following: ‘‘(A) Representatives of not less than 2 of the following categories of entities, 1 of which shall serve as the fiscal agent for the consortium: ‘‘(i) A local educational agency or a con-sortium of such agencies. ‘‘(ii) An educational service agency serving secondary school students. ‘‘(iii) An area career and technical edu-cation school or a consortium of such schools. ‘‘(iv) An Indian Tribe, Tribal organization, or Tribal educational agency. ‘‘(v) An institution of higher education whose most common degree awarded is an associate degree, or a consortium of such in-stitutions. ‘‘(vi) An institution of higher education whose most common degree awarded is a bachelor’s or higher degree, or a consortium of such institutions. ‘‘(vii) A State educational agency. ‘‘(B) One or more business or industry rep-resentative partners, which may include rep-resentatives of local or regional businesses or industries, including industry or sector partnerships in the local area, local work-force development boards, or labor organiza-tions. ‘‘(C) One or more stakeholders, which may include— ‘‘(i) parents and students; ‘‘(ii) representatives of local agencies serv-ing out-of-school youth, homeless children and youth, and at-risk youth (as defined in section 1432 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6472)); ‘‘(iii) representatives of Indian tribes and Tribal organizations, where applicable; ‘‘(iv) representatives of minority-serving institutions (as described in paragraphs (1) through (7) of section 371(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a)), where applicable; ‘‘(v) representatives of special populations; ‘‘(vi) representatives of adult career and technical education providers; or ‘‘(vii) other relevant community stake-holders.’’; (10) by amending paragraph (20) (as redesig-nated by paragraph (2)) to read as follows: ‘‘(20) ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION .—The term ‘eli-gible institution’ means— ‘‘(A) a consortium of 2 or more of the enti-ties described in subparagraphs (B) through (F); ‘‘(B) a public or nonprofit private institu-tion of higher education that offers and will use funds provided under this title in support of career and technical education courses that lead to technical skill proficiency or a recognized postsecondary credential, includ-ing an industry-recognized credential, a cer-tificate, or an associate degree; ‘‘(C) a local educational agency providing education at the postsecondary level; ‘‘(D) an area career and technical edu-cation school providing education at the postsecondary level; ‘‘(E) an Indian Tribe, Tribal organization, or Tribal education agency that operates a school or may be present in the State; ‘‘(F) a postsecondary educational institu-tion controlled by the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation or operated by or on behalf of any In-dian Tribe that is eligible to contract with the Secretary of the Interior for the adminis-tration of programs under the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) or the Act of April 16, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5342 et seq.); ‘‘(G) a tribally controlled college or uni-versity; or ‘‘(H) an educational service agency.’’; (11) in paragraph (21) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)), by inserting ‘‘an Indian Tribe, Tribal organization, or Tribal educational agency’’ after ‘‘service agency,’’; (12) by inserting after paragraph (21) (as re-designated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(22) E
NGLISH LEARNER .—The term ‘English learner’ means— ‘‘(A) a secondary school student who is an English learner, as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; or ‘‘(B) an adult or an out-of-school youth who has limited ability in speaking, reading, writing, or understanding the English lan-guage and— ‘‘(i) whose native language is a language other than English; or ‘‘(ii) who lives in a family environment or community in which a language other than English is the dominant language. ‘‘(23) E
VIDENCE -BASED .—The term ‘evi-dence-based’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101(21)(A) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’; (13) by inserting after paragraph (24) (as re-designated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(25) H
IGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘high school’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965. ‘‘(26) I
N-DEMAND INDUSTRY SECTOR OR OCCU -
PATION .—The term ‘in-demand industry sec-tor or occupation’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innova-tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5205 July 23, 2018 
‘‘(27) I NDIAN ; INDIAN TRIBE .—The terms ‘In-dian’ and ‘Indian Tribe’ have the meanings given the terms ‘Indian’ and ‘Indian tribe’, respectively, in section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304).’’; (14) by inserting after paragraph (28) (as re-designated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(29) I
NDUSTRY OR SECTOR PARTNERSHIP .— The term ‘industry or sector partnership’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’; (15) by inserting after paragraph (31) (as re-designated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(32) L
OCAL WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT  
BOARD .—The term ‘local workforce develop-ment board’ means a local workforce devel-opment board established under section 107 of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3122).’’; (16) in paragraph (33) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)), by striking ‘‘including’’ and inserting ‘‘such as’’; (17) by inserting after paragraph (34) (as re-designated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(35) O
UT-OF-SCHOOL YOUTH .—The term ‘out-of-school youth’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Inno-vation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). ‘‘(36) O
UT-OF-WORKFORCE INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘out-of-workforce individual’ means— ‘‘(A) an individual who is a displaced home-maker, as defined in section 3 of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102); or ‘‘(B) an individual who— ‘‘(i)(I) has worked primarily without remu-neration to care for a home and family, and for that reason has diminished marketable skills; or ‘‘(II) is a parent whose youngest dependent child will become ineligible to receive assist-ance under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) not later than 2 years after the date on which the par-ent applies for assistance under such title; and ‘‘(ii) is unemployed or underemployed and is experiencing difficulty in obtaining or up-grading employment. ‘‘(37) P
ARAPROFESSIONAL .—The term ‘para-professional’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(38) P
AY FOR SUCCESS INITIATIVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘pay for success initiative’ means a performance-based grant, contract, or cooperative agreement awarded by a State or local public entity (such as a local edu-cational agency) to a public or private non-profit entity— ‘‘(i) in which a commitment is made to pay for improved outcomes that result in in-creased public value and social benefit to students and the public sector, such as im-proved student outcomes as evidenced by the indicators of performance described in sec-tion 113(b)(2) and direct cost savings or cost avoidance to the public sector; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) a feasibility study on the initiative de-scribing how the proposed intervention is based on evidence of effectiveness; ‘‘(II) a rigorous, third-party evaluation that uses experimental or quasi-experi-mental design or other research methodolo-gies that allow for the strongest possible causal inferences to determine whether the initiative has met its proposed outcomes; ‘‘(III) an annual, publicly available report on the progress of the initiative; and ‘‘(IV) a requirement that payments are made to the recipient of a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement only when agreed upon outcomes are achieved, except that the entity may make payments to the third party conducting the evaluation described in subclause (II). ‘‘(B) EXCLUSION .—The term ‘pay for success initiative’ does not include any initiative that— ‘‘(i) reduces the special education or re-lated services that a student would other-wise receive under the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act; or ‘‘(ii) otherwise reduces the rights of a stu-dent or the obligations of an entity under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.), the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), or any other law.’’. (18) in paragraph (39)(C) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)), by striking ‘‘apprenticeship’’ and inserting ‘‘other skilled training’’; (19) by inserting after paragraph (39) (as re-designated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(40) P
ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT .—The term ‘professional development’ means ac-tivities that— ‘‘(A) are an integral part of eligible agency, eligible recipient, institution, or school strategies for providing educators (including teachers, principals, other school leaders, ad-ministrators, specialized instructional sup-port personnel, career guidance and aca-demic counselors, and paraprofessionals) with the knowledge and skills necessary to enable students to succeed in career and technical education, to meet challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, or to achieve academic skills at the postsecondary level; and ‘‘(B) are sustained (not stand-alone, 1-day, or short-term workshops), intensive, collabo-rative, job-embedded, data-driven, and class-room-focused, to the extent practicable evi-dence-based, and may include activities that— ‘‘(i) improve and increase educators’— ‘‘(I) knowledge of the academic and tech-nical subjects; ‘‘(II) understanding of how students learn; and ‘‘(III) ability to analyze student work and achievement from multiple sources, includ-ing how to adjust instructional strategies, assessments, and materials based on such analysis; ‘‘(ii) are an integral part of eligible recipi-ents’ improvement plans; ‘‘(iii) allow personalized plans for each edu-cator to address the educator’s specific needs identified in observation or other feedback; ‘‘(iv) support the recruitment, hiring, and training of effective educators, including educators who became certified through State and local alternative routes to certifi-cation; ‘‘(v) advance educator understanding of— ‘‘(I) effective instructional strategies that are evidence-based; and ‘‘(II) strategies for improving student aca-demic and technical achievement or substan-tially increasing the knowledge and teaching skills of educators; ‘‘(vi) are developed with extensive partici-pation of educators, parents, students, and representatives of Indian Tribes (as applica-ble), of schools and institutions served under this Act; ‘‘(vii) are designed to give educators of stu-dents who are English learners in career and technical education programs or programs of study the knowledge and skills to provide in-struction and appropriate language and aca-demic support services to those students, in-cluding the appropriate use of curricula and assessments; ‘‘(viii) as a whole, are regularly evaluated for their impact on increased educator effec-tiveness and improved student academic and technical achievement, with the findings of the evaluations used to improve the quality of professional development; ‘‘(ix) are designed to give educators of indi-viduals with disabilities in career and tech-nical education programs or programs of study the knowledge and skills to provide in-struction and academic support services to those individuals, including positive behav-ioral interventions and supports, multi-tier system of supports, and use of accommoda-tions; ‘‘(x) include instruction in the use of data and assessments to inform and instruct classroom practice; ‘‘(xi) include instruction in ways that edu-cators may work more effectively with par-ents and families; ‘‘(xii) provide follow-up training to edu-cators who have participated in activities described in this paragraph that are designed to ensure that the knowledge and skills learned by the educators are implemented in the classroom; ‘‘(xiii) promote the integration of aca-demic knowledge and skills and relevant technical knowledge and skills, including programming jointly delivered to academic and career and technical education teachers; or ‘‘(xiv) increase the ability of educators pro-viding career and technical education in-struction to stay current with industry standards. ‘‘(41) P
ROGRAM OF STUDY .—The term ‘pro-gram of study’ means a coordinated, non-duplicative sequence of academic and tech-nical content at the secondary and postsec-ondary level that— ‘‘(A) incorporates challenging State aca-demic standards, including those adopted by a State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; ‘‘(B) addresses both academic and tech-nical knowledge and skills, including em-ployability skills; ‘‘(C) is aligned with the needs of industries in the economy of the State, region, Tribal community, or local area; ‘‘(D) progresses in specificity (beginning with all aspects of an industry or career cluster and leading to more occupation-spe-cific instruction); ‘‘(E) has multiple entry and exit points that incorporate credentialing; and ‘‘(F) culminates in the attainment of a rec-ognized postsecondary credential. ‘‘(42) Q
UALIFIED INTERMEDIARY .—The term ‘qualified intermediary’ means a nonprofit entity, which may be part of an industry or sector partnership, that demonstrates exper-tise in building, connecting, sustaining, and measuring partnerships with entities such as employers, schools, community-based orga-nizations, postsecondary institutions, social service organizations, economic development organizations, Indian tribes or Tribal organi-zations, and workforce systems to broker services, resources, and supports to youth and the organizations and systems that are designed to serve youth, including— ‘‘(A) connecting employers to classrooms; ‘‘(B) assisting in the design and implemen-tation of career and technical education pro-grams and programs of study; ‘‘(C) delivering professional development; ‘‘(D) connecting students to internships and other work-based learning opportunities; and ‘‘(E) developing personalized student sup-ports. ‘‘(43) R
ECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDEN -
TIAL.—The term ‘recognized postsecondary credential’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’; (20) by inserting after paragraph (45) (as re-designated by paragraph (2)) the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5206 July 23, 2018 
‘‘(46) S PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘specialized instruc-tional support personnel’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(47) S
PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
SERVICES .—The term ‘specialized instruc-tional support services’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’; (21) in paragraph (48) (as redesignated by paragraph (2))— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘fos-ter children’’ and inserting ‘‘low-income youth and adults’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (E) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(E) out-of-workforce individuals;’’; (C) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘indi-viduals with limited English proficiency.’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners;’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) homeless individuals described in sec-tion 725 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a); ‘‘(H) youth who are in, or have aged out of, the foster care system; and ‘‘(I) youth with a parent who— ‘‘(i) is a member of the armed forces (as such term is defined in section 101(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code); and ‘‘(ii) is on active duty (as such term is de-fined in section 101(d)(1) of such title).’’; (22) in paragraph (50) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)), by inserting ‘‘(including para-professionals and specialized instructional support personnel)’’ after ‘‘supportive per-sonnel’’; (23) in paragraph (52) (as redesignated by paragraph (2))— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘In-dian tribe or Indian tribes’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian Tribe or Indian Tribes’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by striking ‘‘tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribal’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or tribal lands’’ after ‘‘reservations’’; and (24) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(53) T
RIBAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘Tribal organization’ has the meaning given the term ‘tribal organization’ in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). ‘‘(54) U
NIVERSAL DESIGN FOR LEARNING .— The term ‘universal design for learning’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(55) W
ORK-BASED LEARNING .—The term ‘work-based learning’ means sustained inter-actions with industry or community profes-sionals in real workplace settings, to the ex-tent practicable, or simulated environments at an educational institution that foster in- depth, firsthand engagement with the tasks required in a given career field, that are aligned to curriculum and instruction.’’. 
SEC. 8. TRANSITION PROVISIONS. 
Section 4 (20 U.S.C. 2303) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the Secretary determines to be appropriate’’ and inserting ‘‘are nec-essary’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Edu-cation for the 21st Century Act’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘1998’’ and inserting ‘‘2006’’. 
SEC. 9. PROHIBITIONS. 
Section 8 (20 U.S.C. 2306a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Federal Government to mandate,’’ and all that fol-lows through the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘Federal Government— ‘‘(1) to condition or incentivize the receipt of any grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment, or the receipt of any priority or pref-erence under such grant, contract, or cooper-ative agreement, upon a State, local edu-cational agency, eligible agency, eligible re-cipient, eligible entity, or school’s adoption or implementation of specific instructional content, academic standards and assess-ments, curricula, or program of instruction (including any condition, priority, or pref-erence to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other aca-demic standards common to a significant number of States, or any assessment, in-structional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards); ‘‘(2) through grants, contracts, or other co-operative agreements, to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, el-igible agency, eligible recipient, eligible en-tity, or school’s specific instructional con-tent, academic standards and assessments, curricula, or program of instruction (includ-ing any requirement, direction, or mandate to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other academic standards common to a significant number of States, or any assessment, instructional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards); or ‘‘(3) except as required under sections 112(b), 211(b), and 223— ‘‘(A) to mandate, direct, or control the al-location of State or local resources; or ‘‘(B) to mandate that a State or a political subdivision of a State spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act.’’; (2) by amending subsection (d) to read as follows: ‘‘(d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section affects the applicability of sub-chapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code, (commonly known as the ‘‘Administrative Procedure Act’’) or chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, com-monly known as the ‘‘Congressional Review Act’’).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTICE AND COM-
MENT .— ‘‘(1) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not less than 15 business days prior to issuing a notice of pro-posed rulemaking related to this Act in the Federal Register, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and other rel-evant congressional committees, notice of the Secretary’s intent to issue a notice of proposed rulemaking that shall include— ‘‘(A) a copy of the proposed regulation; ‘‘(B) the need to issue the regulation; ‘‘(C) a description of how the regulation is consistent with the scope of this Act; ‘‘(D) the anticipated burden (including the time, cost, and paperwork burden) the regu-lation will impose on an eligible agency, in-stitution, or recipient that may be impacted by the regulation, including the potential impact on rural areas; ‘‘(E) the anticipated benefits to an eligible agency, institution, or recipient that may be impacted by the regulation, including in rural areas; and ‘‘(F) any regulations that will be repealed when the new regulation is issued. ‘‘(2) C
OMMENT PERIOD FOR CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) before issuing any notice of proposed rulemaking under this subsection, provide Congress with a comment period of 15 busi-ness days to make comments on the pro-posed regulation, beginning on the date that the Secretary provides the notice of intent to the appropriate committees of Congress under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) include and seek to address all com-ments submitted by members of Congress in the public rulemaking record for the regula-tion published in the Federal Register. ‘‘(3) COMMENT AND REVIEW PERIOD ; EMER -
GENCY SITUATIONS .—The comment and review period for any proposed regulation shall be not less than 60 days unless an emergency re-quires a shorter period, in which case the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) designate the proposed regulation as an emergency with an explanation of the emergency in the notice to Congress under paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) publish the length of the comment and review period in such notice and in the Federal Register; and ‘‘(C) conduct immediately thereafter re-gional meetings to review such proposed reg-ulation before issuing any final regulation.’’. 
SEC. 10. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 9 (20 U.S.C. 2307) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act (other than sections 114 and 117)— ‘‘(1) $1,229,568,538 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) $1,246,782,498 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) $1,264,237,452 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(4) $1,281,936,777 for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(5) $1,299,883,892 for fiscal year 2023; and ‘‘(6) $1,318,082,266 for fiscal year 2024.’’. TITLE I—CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION ASSISTANCE TO THE STATES PART A—ALLOTMENT AND ALLOCATION 
SEC. 110. RESERVATIONS AND STATE ALLOT-MENT. 
Section 111 (20 U.S.C. 2321) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 111. RESERVATIONS AND STATE ALLOT-MENT. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATIONS AND STATE ALLOT -
MENT .— ‘‘(1) R
ESERVATIONS .—From the amount ap-propriated under section 9 for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— ‘‘(A) 0.13 percent to carry out section 115; and ‘‘(B) 1.50 percent to carry out section 116, of which— ‘‘(i) 1.25 percent of the sum shall be avail-able to carry out section 116(b); and ‘‘(ii) 0.25 percent of the sum shall be avail-able to carry out section 116(h). ‘‘(2) F
OUNDATIONAL GRANT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From the remainder of the amount appropriated under section 9 and not reserved under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall allot to a State for the fiscal year an amount equal to the amount the State received in fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(B) R
ATABLE REDUCTION .—If for any fiscal year the amount appropriated for allotments under this section is insufficient to satisfy the provisions of subparagraph (A), the pay-ments to all States under such subparagraph shall be ratably reduced. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL FUNDS .—Subject to para-graph (4), from the additional funds remain-ing from the amount appropriated under sec-tion 9 and not expended under paragraphs (1) and (2) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall allot to a State for the fiscal year— ‘‘(A) an amount that bears the same ratio to 50 percent of the sum being allotted as the product of the population aged 15 to 19, in-clusive, in the State in the fiscal year pre-ceding the fiscal year for which the deter-mination is made and the State’s allotment ratio bears to the sum of the corresponding products for all the States; ‘‘(B) an amount that bears the same ratio to 20 percent of the sum being allotted as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5207 July 23, 2018 
product of the population aged 20 to 24, in-clusive, in the State in the fiscal year pre-ceding the fiscal year for which the deter-mination is made and the State’s allotment ratio bears to the sum of the corresponding products for all the States; ‘‘(C) an amount that bears the same ratio to 15 percent of the sum being allotted as the product of the population aged 25 to 65, in-clusive, in the State in the fiscal year pre-ceding the fiscal year for which the deter-mination is made and the State’s allotment ratio bears to the sum of the corresponding products for all the States; and ‘‘(D) an amount that bears the same ratio to 15 percent of the sum being allotted as the amounts allotted to the State under sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C) for such years bears to the sum of the amounts allotted to all the States under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) for such year. ‘‘(4) M
INIMUM ALLOTMENT FOR YEARS WITH  
ADDITIONAL FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), for a fiscal year for which there are addi-tional funds described in paragraph (3), no State shall receive for such fiscal year under paragraph (3) less than 1/2 of 1 percent of the additional funds available for such fiscal year. Amounts necessary for increasing such payments to States to comply with the pre-ceding sentence shall be obtained by ratably reducing the amounts to be paid to other States. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—In the case of a quali-fying State, the minimum allotment under subparagraph (A) for a fiscal year for the qualifying State shall be the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 1/2 of 1 percent of the additional funds available for such fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) the product of— ‘‘(I) 1/3 of the additional funds; multiplied by ‘‘(II) the quotient of— ‘‘(aa) the qualifying State’s ratio described in subparagraph (C) for the fiscal year for which the determination is made; divided by ‘‘(bb) the sum of all such ratios for all qualifying States for the fiscal year for which the determination is made. ‘‘(C) R
ATIO.—For purposes of subparagraph (B)(ii)(II)(aa), the ratio for a qualifying State for a fiscal year shall be 1.00 less the quotient of— ‘‘(i) the amount the qualifying State is al-lotted under paragraph (3) for the fiscal year; divided by ‘‘(ii) 1/2 of 1 percent of the amount appro-priated under paragraph (3) for the fiscal year for which the determination is made. ‘‘(D) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph, the term ‘qualifying State’ means a State (ex-cept the United States Virgin Islands) that, for the fiscal year for which a determination under this paragraph is made, would receive, under the allotment formula under para-graph (3) (without the application of this paragraph), an amount that would be less than the amount the State would receive under subparagraph (A) for such fiscal year. ‘‘(b) R
EALLOTMENT .—If the Secretary deter-mines that any amount of any State’s allot-ment under subsection (a) for any fiscal year will not be required for such fiscal year for carrying out the activities for which such amount has been allotted, the Secretary shall make such amount available for real-lotment. Any such reallotment among other States shall occur on such dates during the same year as the Secretary shall fix, and shall be made on the basis of criteria estab-lished by regulation. No funds may be real-lotted for any use other than the use for which the funds were appropriated. Any amount reallotted to a State under this sub-section for any fiscal year shall remain available for obligation during the suc-ceeding fiscal year and shall be deemed to be part of the State’s allotment for the year in which the amount is obligated. ‘‘(c) ALLOTMENT RATIO.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The allotment ratio for any State shall be 1.00 less the product of— ‘‘(A) 0.50; and ‘‘(B) the quotient obtained by dividing the per capita income for the State by the per capita income for all the States (exclusive of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands), except that— ‘‘(i) the allotment ratio in no case shall be more than 0.60 or less than 0.40; and ‘‘(ii) the allotment ratio for the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands shall be 0.60. ‘‘(2) P
ROMULGATION .—The allotment ratios shall be promulgated by the Secretary for each fiscal year between October 1 and De-cember 31 of the fiscal year preceding the fis-cal year for which the determination is made. Allotment ratios shall be computed on the basis of the average of the appropriate per capita incomes for the 3 most recent con-secutive fiscal years for which satisfactory data are available. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF PER CAPITA INCOME .—For the purpose of this section, the term ‘per capita income’ means, with respect to a fis-cal year, the total personal income in the calendar year ending in such year, divided by the population of the area concerned in such year. ‘‘(4) P
OPULATION DETERMINATION .—For the purposes of this section, population shall be determined by the Secretary on the basis of the latest estimates available to the Depart-ment of Education. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION OF STATE .—For the purpose of this section, the term ‘State’ means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands.’’. 
SEC. 111. WITHIN STATE ALLOCATION. 
Section 112 (20 U.S.C. 2322) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘10 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘15 percent’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘1 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘2 percent’’; (II) by striking ‘‘State correctional institu-tions and institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘State correctional institutions, juvenile justice fa-cilities, and educational institutions’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) an amount shall be made available for the recruitment of special populations to en-roll in career and technical education pro-grams, which shall be not less than the less-er of— ‘‘(i) an amount equal to 0.1 percent; or ‘‘(ii) $50,000; and’’; (C) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘a local plan;’’ and inserting ‘‘local applications;’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 135’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘section 135— ‘‘(1) in— ‘‘(A) rural areas; ‘‘(B) areas with high percentages of CTE concentrators or CTE participants; ‘‘(C) areas with high numbers of CTE con-centrators or CTE participants; and ‘‘(D) areas with disparities or gaps in per-formance as described in section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II); and ‘‘(2) in order to— ‘‘(A) foster innovation through the identi-fication and promotion of promising and proven career and technical education pro-grams, practices, and strategies, which may include programs, practices, and strategies that prepare individuals for nontraditional fields; or ‘‘(B) promote the development, implemen-tation, and adoption of programs of study or career pathways aligned with State-identi-fied high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand oc-cupations or industries.’’. SEC. 112. ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Section 113 (20 U.S.C. 2323) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘D
ETERMINED ’’ after ‘‘S TATE ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘State determined’’ before ‘‘performance’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and redes-ignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); (iii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (iv) in subparagraph (B), as so redesig-nated— (I) by striking ‘‘a State adjusted level of performance’’ and inserting ‘‘a State deter-mined level of performance’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, and State levels of per-formance described in paragraph (3)(B) for each additional indicator of performance’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) I
NDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE .— ‘‘(A) C
ORE INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE FOR  
CTE CONCENTRATORS AT THE SECONDARY  
LEVEL .—Each eligible agency shall identify in the State plan core indicators of perform-ance for CTE concentrators at the secondary level that are valid and reliable, and that in-clude, at a minimum, measures of each of the following: ‘‘(i) The percentage of CTE concentrators who graduate high school, as measured by— ‘‘(I) the four-year adjusted cohort gradua-tion rate (defined in section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965); and ‘‘(II) at the State’s discretion, the ex-tended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate defined in such section 8101. ‘‘(ii) CTE concentrator proficiency in the challenging State academic standards adopt-ed by the State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as measured by the academic assess-ments described in section 1111(b)(2) of such Act. ‘‘(iii) The percentage of CTE concentrators who, in the second quarter after exiting from secondary education, are in postsecondary education or advanced training, military service or a service program that receives as-sistance under title I of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12511 et seq.), are volunteers as described in section 5(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2504(a)), or are employed. ‘‘(iv) Indicators of career and technical education program quality as follows: ‘‘(I) That shall include at least 1 of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(aa) The percentage of CTE concentrators graduating from high school having attained a recognized postsecondary credential. ‘‘(bb) The percentage of CTE concentrators graduating from high school having attained postsecondary credits in the relevant career and technical education program or program of study earned through a dual or concurrent enrollment program or another credit trans-fer agreement. ‘‘(cc) The percentage of CTE concentrators graduating from high school having partici-pated in work-based learning. ‘‘(II) That may include any other measure of student success in career and technical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5208 July 23, 2018 
education that is statewide, valid, and reli-able, and comparable across the State. ‘‘(v) The percentage of CTE concentrators in career and technical education programs and programs of study that lead to non-tra-ditional fields. ‘‘(B) C
ORE INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE FOR  
CTE CONCENTRATORS AT THE POSTSECONDARY  
LEVEL .—Each eligible agency shall identify in the State plan core indicators of perform-ance for CTE concentrators at the postsec-ondary level that are valid and reliable, and that include, at a minimum, measures of each of the following: ‘‘(i) The percentage of CTE concentrators who, during the second quarter after pro-gram completion, remain enrolled in post-secondary education, are in advanced train-ing, military service, or a service program that receives assistance under title I of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12511 et seq.), are volunteers as de-scribed in section 5(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2504(a)), or are placed or retained in employment. ‘‘(ii) The percentage of CTE concentrators who receive a recognized postsecondary cre-dential during participation in or within 1 year of program completion. ‘‘(iii) The percentage of CTE concentrators in career and technical education programs and programs of study that lead to non-tra-ditional fields. ‘‘(C) A
LIGNMENT OF PERFORMANCE INDICA -
TORS .—In developing core indicators of per-formance under subparagraphs (A) and (B), an eligible agency shall, to the greatest ex-tent possible, align the indicators so that substantially similar information gathered for other State and Federal programs, or for any other purpose, may be used to meet the requirements of this section.’’; (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
DETERMINED ’’ after ‘‘S TATE ’’; (ii) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) S
TATE DETERMINED LEVELS OF PER -
FORMANCE FOR CORE INDICATORS OF PERFORM -
ANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(I) L
EVELS DETERMINED BY THE ELIGIBLE  
AGENCY .—Each eligible agency, with input from eligible recipients, shall establish in the State plan submitted under section 122, for each year covered by the State plan, State determined levels of performance for each of the core indicators described under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2) for career and technical education activities authorized under this title. The level of per-formance for a core indicator shall be the same for all CTE concentrators in the State. ‘‘(II) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-retary may assist an eligible agency in es-tablishing the State determined levels of performance under this subparagraph only at the request of that eligible agency. ‘‘(III) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Such State deter-mined levels of performance shall, at a min-imum— ‘‘(aa) be expressed in a percentage or nu-merical form, so as to be objective, quantifi-able, and measurable; ‘‘(bb) require the State to continually make meaningful progress toward improving the performance of all career and technical education students, including the subgroups of students described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, and special populations, as described in section 3(48); and ‘‘(cc) have been subject to the public com-ment process described in subparagraph (B), and the eligible agency has provided a writ-ten response; ‘‘(dd) when being adjusted pursuant to clause (ii), take into account how the levels of performance involved compare with the State levels of performance established for other States, considering factors including the characteristics of actual (as opposed to anticipated) CTE concentrators when the CTE concentrators entered the program, and the services or instruction to be provided; ‘‘(ee) when being adjusted pursuant to clause (ii), be higher than the average actual performance of the 2 most recently com-pleted program years, except in the case of unanticipated circumstances that require re-visions in accordance with clause (iii); and ‘‘(ff) take into account the extent to which the State determined levels of performance advance the eligible agency’s goals, as set forth in the State plan. ‘‘(ii) ALLOWABLE ADJUSTMENT OF STATE DE -
TERMINED LEVELS OF PERFORMANCE FOR SUB -
SEQUENT YEARS .—Prior to the third program year covered by the State plan, each eligible agency may revise the State determined lev-els of performance for any of the core indica-tors of performance for the subsequent pro-gram years covered by the State plan, and submit the revised State determined levels of performance to the Secretary. If the eligi-ble agency adjusts any levels of performance, the eligible agency shall adjust those levels in accordance with clause (i), and address written comments of stakeholders as de-scribed in subparagraph (B). The Secretary shall approve those revised levels of perform-ance if those levels meet the requirements described in subclause (III) of clause (i). The State determined adjusted levels of perform-ance identified under this clause shall be considered to be the State determined levels of performance for the State for such years and shall be incorporated into the State plan. ‘‘(iii) U
NANTICIPATED CIRCUMSTANCES .—If unanticipated circumstances arise in a State or changes occur related to improvements in data or measurement approaches, the eligi-ble agency, at the end of the program year, may revise the State determined levels of performance required under this subpara-graph. After public comment, as described in subparagraph (B), the eligible agency shall submit such revised levels of performance to the Secretary with evidence supporting the revision. The Secretary shall approve any such revision if that revision meets the re-quirements of clause (ii).’’; (iii) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC COMMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each eligible agency shall develop the levels of performance under subparagraph (A) in consultation with the stakeholders identified in section 122(c)(1)(A). ‘‘(ii) W
RITTEN COMMENTS .—Not less than 60 days prior to submission of the State plan, the eligible agency shall provide such stake-holders with the opportunity to provide writ-ten comments to the eligible agency, which shall be included in the State plan, regarding how the levels of performance described under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(I) meet the requirements of the law; ‘‘(II) support the improvement of perform-ance of all CTE concentrators, including sub-groups of students, as described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, and special populations, as described in section 3(48); and ‘‘(III) support the needs of the local edu-cation and business community. ‘‘(iii) E
LIGIBLE AGENCY RESPONSE .—Each el- igible agency shall provide, in the State plan, a written response to the comments provided by stakeholders under clause (ii).’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) S
TATE REPORT .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Each eligible agency that receives an allotment under section 111 shall annually prepare and submit to the Secretary a report regarding— ‘‘(I) the progress of the State in achieving the State determined levels of performance on the core indicators of performance; and ‘‘(II) the actual levels of performance for all CTE concentrators, and for each of the subgroups of students, as described in sec-tion 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and special populations, as described in section 3(48). ‘‘(ii) D
ATA.—Except as provided in subpara-graph (E), each eligible agency that receives an allotment under section 111 shall— ‘‘(I) disaggregate data for each of the indi-cators of performance under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(aa) for subgroups of students, as de-scribed in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and special populations, as described in section 3(48), that are served under this Act; and ‘‘(bb) by the career and technical education programs or programs of study of the CTE concentrators, except that in a case in which reporting by such program or program of study is impractical, the data may be disaggregated by the career clusters of the CTE concentrators, if appropriate; ‘‘(II) identify and quantify any disparities or gaps in performance on the State deter-mined levels of performance under subpara-graph (A) between any such subgroup or spe-cial population and the performance of all CTE concentrators served by the eligible agency under this Act, which shall include a quantifiable description of the progress each such subgroup or special population of stu-dents served by the eligible agency under this Act has made in meeting the State de-termined levels of performance; and ‘‘(III) for CTE concentrators described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii) and paragraph (2)(B)(i), disaggregate data, to the extent such data is available, by each of the following: ‘‘(aa) Individuals enrolled in postsecondary education (disaggregated by postsecondary award level, including certificate, associate, or baccalaureate degree). ‘‘(bb) Individuals in advanced training. ‘‘(cc) Individuals in military service or a service program that receives assistance under title I of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12511 et seq.) or volunteers as described in section 5(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2504(a)). ‘‘(dd) Individuals in employment (including those individuals who are employed in a high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand sector or occupation). ‘‘(iii) N
ONDUPLICATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that each eligible agency does not report duplicative information under this section. ‘‘(iv) I
NFORMATION DISSEMINATION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(I) make the information contained in such reports available to the general public through a variety of formats, including elec-tronically through the Internet; ‘‘(II) disseminate State-by-State compari-sons of the information contained in such re-ports; and ‘‘(III) provide the appropriate committees of Congress with copies of such reports. ‘‘(D) S
TATE DISSEMINATION OF ACTUAL LEV -
ELS OF PERFORMANCE .—At the end of each program year, the eligible agency shall dis-seminate the actual levels of performance described in subparagraph (C)(i)(II)— ‘‘(i) widely, including to students, parents, and educators; ‘‘(ii) through a variety of formats, includ-ing electronically through the Internet; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5209 July 23, 2018 
‘‘(iii) in user-friendly formats and lan-guages that are easily accessible, as deter-mined by the eligible agency. ‘‘(E) R
ULES FOR REPORTING DATA .—The disaggregation of data under this paragraph shall not be required when the number of students in a category is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or when the results would reveal personally identifi-able information about an individual stu-dent.’’; and (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘
ADJUSTED ’’; (II) by striking clauses (iii) and (v), and re-designating clauses (iv) and (vi) as clauses (iii) and (v), respectively; (III) in clause (i)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I)— (AA) by striking ‘‘State adjusted levels of performance’’ and inserting ‘‘State deter-mined levels of performance for each year of the plan’’; and (BB) by striking ‘‘local adjusted levels’’ and inserting ‘‘local levels’’ each place the term appears; (bb) in subclause (I)— (AA) by striking ‘‘consistent with the State levels of performance established under paragraph (3), so as’’ and inserting ‘‘consistent with the form expressed in the State determined levels, so as’’; and (BB) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semi-colon; and (cc) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘contin-ually make progress toward improving the performance of career and technical edu-cation students.’’ and inserting ‘‘continually make meaningful progress toward improving the performance of all CTE concentrators, including subgroups of students described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and special populations, as described in section 3(48);’’; and (dd) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) when being adjusted as described in clause (iii), be higher than the average ac-tual performance levels of the previous 2 pro-gram years, except in a case in which unan-ticipated circumstances arise with respect to the eligible recipient and that eligible recipi-ent meets the requirements for revisions under clause (iv); ‘‘(IV) when being adjusted as described in clause (iii), take into account how the local levels of performance compare with the local levels of performance established for other eligible recipients, considering factors in-cluding the characteristics of actual (as op-posed to anticipated) CTE concentrators at the time those CTE concentrators entered the program, and the services or instruction to be provided; and ‘‘(V) set the local levels of performance using valid and reliable data that measures— ‘‘(aa) the differences within the State in actual economic conditions (including dif-ferences in unemployment rates and job losses or gains in particular industries); and ‘‘(bb) the abilities of the State and the eli-gible recipient to collect and access valid, re-liable, and cost-effective data.’’; (IV) in clause (ii)— (aa) in the clause heading, by striking ‘‘
PLAN ’’ and inserting ‘‘ APPLICATION ’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘plan’’ and inserting ‘‘ap-plication’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘the first 2’’ and inserting ‘‘each of the’’; (V) by amending clause (iii), as redesig-nated by subclause (II), to read as follows: ‘‘(iii) A
LLOWABLE ADJUSTMENTS OF LOCAL  
LEVELS OF PERFORMANCE FOR SUBSEQUENT  
YEARS .—Prior to the third program year cov-ered by the local application, the eligible re-cipient may, if the eligible recipient reaches an agreement with the eligible agency, ad-just the local levels of performance for any of the core indicators of performance for the subsequent program years covered by the local application, in accordance with that agreement and with this subparagraph. The local adjusted levels of performance agreed to under this clause shall be considered to be the local levels of performance for the eligi-ble recipient for such years and shall be in-corporated into the local application.’’; and (VI) in clause (v), as redesignated by sub-clause (II), by striking ‘‘If unanticipated cir-cumstances arise with respect to an eligible recipient resulting in a significant change in the factors described in clause (v), the eligi-ble recipient may request that the local ad-justed levels of performance agreed to under clause (iii) or (iv) be revised.’’ and inserting ‘‘If unanticipated circumstances arise, or changes occur related to improvements in data or measurement approaches, the eligi-ble recipient may request that the local lev-els of performance agreed to under clauses (i) and (iii) be revised.’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and redes-ignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); and (iii) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated by clause (ii)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the data de-scribed in clause (ii)(I), regarding the progress of such recipient in achieving the local adjusted levels of performance’’ and in-serting ‘‘the data on the actual performance levels described in clause (ii), including the progress of such recipient in achieving the local levels of performance’’; (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) in subclause (I)— (AA) by striking ‘‘section 1111(h)(1)(C)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii)’’; (BB) by striking ‘‘section 3(29)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 3(48)’’; and (CC) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semi-colon; and (bb) in subclause (II)— (AA) by inserting ‘‘, as described in para-graph 3(C)(ii)(II),’’ after ‘‘gaps in perform-ance’’; (BB) by inserting ‘‘as described in sub-clause (I) (including special populations)’’ after ‘‘category of students’’; (CC) by striking ‘‘all students’’ and in-serting ‘‘all CTE concentrators’’; and (DD) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) disaggregate data by the career and technical education programs or programs of study of the CTE concentrators, except that in a case in which reporting by such program or program of study is impractical, the data may be disaggregated by the career clusters of the CTE concentrators, if appropriate; and ‘‘(IV) for CTE concentrators described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii) and paragraph (2)(B)(i), disaggregate data, to the extent such data is available, by each of the following: ‘‘(aa) Individuals enrolled in postsecondary education (disaggregated by postsecondary award level, including certificate, associate, or baccalaureate degree). ‘‘(bb) Individuals in advanced training. ‘‘(cc) Individuals in military service or a service program that receives assistance under title I of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12511 et seq.) or volunteers as described in section 5(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2504(a)). ‘‘(dd) Individuals in employment (including those individuals who are employed in a high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand sector or occupation).’’; (III) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)(C)(iii)’’; (IV) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘this paragraph’’; and (V) by striking clause (v) and inserting the following: ‘‘(v) AVAILABILITY .—The report described in clause (i) shall be made available by the eligible recipient through a variety of for-mats, including electronically through the Internet, to students, parents, educators, and the public, and the information contained in such report shall be in a format that is un-derstandable and uniform, and to the extent practicable, provided in a language that stu-dents, parents, and educators can under-stand.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 113. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
Section 114 (20 U.S.C. 2324) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘The Sec-retary shall, in consultation with the Direc-tor,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘from eligible agencies under section 113(b)(3)(C)’’ after ‘‘pursuant to this title’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) R
EASONABLE COST.—The Secretary shall take such action as may be necessary to secure at reasonable cost the information required by this title. To ensure reasonable cost, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Center for Education Statistics and the Office of Career, Technical, and Adult Education shall determine the methodology to be used and the frequency with which such information is to be collected.’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary may’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary shall’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, act-ing through the Director,’’ after ‘‘describe how the Secretary’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the Director,’’ after ‘‘Sec-retary’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, acting through the Di-rector,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘and the plan developed under subsection (c)’’ after ‘‘described in paragraph (2)’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘assessment’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘evalua-tion’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting a semicolon; (II) in clause (vi)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘qualified’’ before ‘‘inter-mediaries’’; and (bb) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, which may include individuals with expertise in addressing inequities in ac-cess to, and in opportunities for, academic and technical skill attainment;’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vii) representatives of Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations; and ‘‘(viii) representatives of special popu-lations.’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by inserting ‘‘the Director,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary,’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘assessment’’ and inserting ‘‘evaluation’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
AND AS -
SESSMENT ’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (e), the Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f), the Secretary, acting through the Director,’’; (II) by striking ‘‘an independent evaluation and assessment’’ and inserting ‘‘a series of research and evaluation initiatives for each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5210 July 23, 2018 
year for which funds are appropriated to carry out this Act, which are aligned with the plan in subsection (c)(2),’’; (III) by striking ‘‘Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006’’ and inserting ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Cen-tury Act’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Whenever possible, data used for the eval-uation for a fiscal year shall be data from the most recent fiscal year for which such data are available, and from the 5-year pe-riod preceding that fiscal year.’’; and (iii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The evaluation required under subparagraph (A) shall include descrip-tions and evaluations of— ‘‘(i) the extent and success of the integra-tion of challenging State academic standards adopted under section 1111(b)(1) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and career and technical education for students participating in career and tech-nical education programs, including a review of the effect of such integration on the aca-demic and technical proficiency achievement of such students, including— ‘‘(I) the number of such students that re-ceive a regular high school diploma, as such term is defined under section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 or a State-defined alternative diploma described in section 8101(25)(A)(ii)(I)(bb) of such Act; ‘‘(II) the number of such students that are high school students that receive a recog-nized postsecondary credential; and ‘‘(III) the number of such students that are high school students that earn credit toward a recognized postsecondary credential; ‘‘(ii) the extent to which career and tech-nical education programs and programs of study prepare students, including special populations, for subsequent employment in high-skill, high-wage occupations (including those in which mathematics and science skills are critical, which may include com-puter science), or for participation in post-secondary education; ‘‘(iii) employer involvement in, benefit from, and satisfaction with, career and tech-nical education programs and programs of study and career and technical education students’ preparation for employment; ‘‘(iv) efforts to expand access to career and technical education programs of study for all students; ‘‘(v) innovative approaches to work-based learning programs that increase participa-tion and alignment with employment in high-growth industries, including in rural and low-income areas; ‘‘(vi) the effectiveness of different delivery systems and approaches for career and tech-nical education, including comprehensive high schools, technical high schools, area technical centers, career academies, commu-nity and technical colleges, early college high schools, pre-apprenticeship programs, voluntary after-school programs, and indi-vidual course offerings, including dual or concurrent enrollment program courses, as well as communication strategies for pro-moting career and technical education op-portunities involving teachers, school coun-selors, and parents or other guardians; ‘‘(vii) the extent to which career and tech-nical education programs supported by this Act are grounded on evidence-based research; ‘‘(viii) the impact of the amendments to this Act made under the Strengthening Ca-reer and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, including comparisons, where appropriate, of— ‘‘(I) the use of the comprehensive needs as-sessment under section 134(c); ‘‘(II) the implementation of programs of study; and ‘‘(III) coordination of planning and pro-gram delivery with other relevant laws, in-cluding the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) and the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; ‘‘(ix) changes in career and technical edu-cation program accountability as described in section 113 and any effects of such changes on program delivery and program quality; ‘‘(x) changes in student enrollment pat-terns; and ‘‘(xi) efforts to reduce disparities or per-formance gaps described in section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II).’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the Di-rector,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; and (bb) by striking subclauses (I) and (II) and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, an interim report regarding the evalua-tion and summary of research activities car-ried out under this section that builds on studies and analyses existing as of such date of enactment; ‘‘(II) not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Cen-tury Act, a final report summarizing the studies and analyses that relate to the eval-uation and summary of research activities carried out under this section; and ‘‘(III) a biennial update to such final report for succeeding years.’’; (II) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘the Direc-tor,’’ after ‘‘the President, the Secretary,’’ each place the term appears; and (III) by adding after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) D
ISSEMINATION .—In addition to sub-mitting the reports required under clause (i), the Secretary shall disseminate the results of the evaluation widely and on a timely basis in order to increase the understanding among State and local officials and edu-cators of the effectiveness of programs and activities supported under the Act and of the career and technical education programs and programs of study that are most likely to produce positive educational and employ-ment outcomes.’’; (C) in subparagraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘State adjusted levels of performance de-scribed in section 113(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘State determined levels of performance de-scribed in section 113(b), as long as such in-formation does not reveal any personally identifiable information’’; and (D) by striking paragraphs (4) and (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) R
ESEARCH .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From amounts made available under subsection (f), the Secretary, after consultation with the Director, the Commissioner for Education Research, and the States, and with input from the inde-pendent advisory panel established under subsection (d)(1)(A), shall award a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, on a competitive basis, to an institution of higher education or to a consortium of one or more institutions of higher education and one or more private nonprofit organizations or agencies, to carry out one or more of the ac-tivities described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) G
RANT ACTIVITIES .—An institution or consortium receiving a grant under this paragraph shall use grant funds to carry out one or more of the following activities: ‘‘(i) Evidence-based research and evalua-tion for the purpose of developing, improv-ing, and identifying the most successful methods for— ‘‘(I) eliminating inequities in access to, and in opportunities for, learning, skill de-velopment, or effective teaching in career and technical education programs; and ‘‘(II) addressing the education, employ-ment, and training needs of CTE partici-pants, including special populations, in ca-reer and technical education programs or programs of study. ‘‘(ii) Research on, and evaluation of, the impact of changes made by the Strength-ening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, including State-by- State comparisons, where appropriate, of— ‘‘(I) the use of the needs assessment under section 134(c); ‘‘(II) the implementation of programs of study; ‘‘(III) how States have implemented provi-sions of the Act, including both fiscal and programmatic elements; ‘‘(IV) career and technical education fund-ing and finance models; and ‘‘(V) coordination with other relevant laws, including the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.), the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and the Higher Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(iii) Evidence-based research and analyses that provide longitudinal information with respect to career and technical education programs and programs of study and student achievement. ‘‘(iv) The implementation of, evaluation of, or evidence-based research of, innovative methods that support high-quality imple-mentation of career and technical education programs and programs of study and student achievement related to career and technical education, including— ‘‘(I) creating or expanding dual or concur-rent enrollment program activities and early college high schools; ‘‘(II) awarding of academic credit or aca-demic alignment for industry recognized cre-dentials, competency-based education, or work-based learning; ‘‘(III) making available open, searchable, and comparable information on the quality of industry recognized credentials, including the related skills or competencies, attain-ment by CTE concentrators, related employ-ment and earnings outcomes, labor market value, and use by employers; or ‘‘(IV) initiatives to facilitate the transi-tion of sub-baccalaureate career and tech-nical education students into baccalaureate degree programs, including barriers affecting rural students and special populations. ‘‘(C) REPORT .—The institution or consor-tium receiving a grant under this paragraph shall annually prepare a report containing information about the key research findings of such entity under this paragraph and shall submit copies of the report to the Secretary and the Director. The Secretary shall submit copies of the report to the relevant commit-tees of Congress, the Library of Congress, and each eligible agency. ‘‘(D) D
ISSEMINATION .—The institution or consortium receiving a grant under this paragraph shall conduct dissemination and training activities based on the research car-ried out under this paragraph on a timely basis, including through dissemination net-works and, as appropriate and relevant, tech-nical assistance providers within the Depart-ment.’’; (5) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); (6) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) I
NNOVATION AND MODERNIZATION .— ‘‘(1) G
RANT PROGRAM .—To identify, sup-port, and rigorously evaluate evidence-based 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5211 July 23, 2018 
and innovative strategies and activities to improve and modernize career and technical education and align workforce skills with labor market needs as part of the State plan under section 122 and local application under section 134 and the requirements of this sub-section, the Secretary may use not more than 20 percent of the amounts appropriated under subsection (f) to award grants to eligi-ble entities, eligible institutions, or eligible recipients to carry out the activities de-scribed in paragraph (7). ‘‘(2) N
ON-FEDERAL MATCH .— ‘‘(A) M
ATCHING FUNDS REQUIRED .—Except as provided under subparagraph (B), to re-ceive a grant under this subsection, an eligi-ble entity, eligible institution, or eligible re-cipient shall, through cash or in-kind con-tributions, provide matching funds from non- Federal sources in an amount equal to not less than 50 percent of the funds provided under such grant. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may waive the matching fund requirement under sub-paragraph (A) if the eligible entity, eligible institution, or eligible recipient dem-onstrates exceptional circumstances. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .—To receive a grant under this subsection, an eligible entity, eli-gible institution, or eligible recipient shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may re-quire, including, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) an identification and designation of the agency, institution, or school responsible for the administration and supervision of the program assisted under this paragraph; ‘‘(B) a description of the budget for the project, the source and amount of the match-ing funds required under paragraph (2)(A), and how the applicant will continue the project after the grant period ends, if appli-cable; ‘‘(C) a description of how the applicant will use the grant funds, including how such funds will directly benefit students, includ-ing special populations, served by the appli-cant; ‘‘(D) a description of how the program as-sisted under this subsection will be coordi-nated with the activities carried out under section 124 or 135; ‘‘(E) a description of how the career and technical education programs or programs of study to be implemented with grant funds reflect the needs of regional, State, or local employers, as demonstrated by the com-prehensive needs assessment under section 134(c); ‘‘(F) a description of how the program as-sisted under this subsection will be evalu-ated and how that evaluation may inform the report described in subsection (d)(2)(C); and ‘‘(G) an assurance that the applicant will— ‘‘(i) provide information to the Secretary, as requested, for evaluations that the Sec-retary may carry out; and ‘‘(ii) make data available to third parties for validation, in accordance with applicable data privacy laws, including section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Fam-ily Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). ‘‘(4) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to applications from eligible entities, eligible institutions, or eligible recipients that will predominantly serve students from low-income families. ‘‘(5) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In awarding grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall award no less than 25 percent of the total available funds for any fiscal year to eligible entities, eligible institutions, or eligible re-cipients proposing to fund career and tech-nical education activities that serve— ‘‘(i) a local educational agency with an urban-centric district locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) an institution of higher education pri-marily serving the one or more areas served by such a local educational agency; ‘‘(iii) a consortium of such local edu-cational agencies or such institutions of higher education; ‘‘(iv) a partnership between— ‘‘(I) an educational service agency or a nonprofit organization; and ‘‘(II) such a local educational agency or such an institution of higher education; or ‘‘(v) a partnership between— ‘‘(I) a grant recipient described in clause (i) or (ii); and ‘‘(II) a State educational agency. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall reduce the amount of funds made available under such clause if the Secretary does not receive a sufficient number of applications of suffi-cient quality. ‘‘(6) D
URATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Grants awarded under this subsection shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may ex-tend such grants for not more than 1 addi-tional 2-year period if the grantee dem-onstrates to the Secretary that the grantee is achieving the grantee’s program objec-tives and, as applicable, has improved edu-cation outcomes for career and technical education students, including special popu-lations. ‘‘(7) U
SES OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity, el-igible institution, or eligible recipient that is awarded a grant under this subsection shall use the grant funds to create, develop, implement, replicate, or take to scale evi-dence-based, field-initiated innovations to modernize and improve effectiveness and alignment of career and technical education and to improve student outcomes in career and technical education, and rigorously evaluate such innovations, through one or more of the following activities: ‘‘(A) Designing and implementing courses or programs of study aligned to labor market needs in new or emerging fields and working with industry to upgrade equipment, tech-nology, and related curriculum used in ca-reer and technical education programs, which is needed for the development, expan-sion, and implementation of State-approved career and technical education programs of study, including— ‘‘(i) the development or acquisition of in-structional materials associated with the equipment and technology purchased by an eligible entity, eligible institution, or eligi-ble recipient through the grant; or ‘‘(ii) efforts to expand, develop, or imple-ment programs designed to increase opportu-nities for students to take rigorous courses in coding or computer science subject areas, and support for statewide efforts to increase access and implementation of coding or com-puter science courses in order to meet local labor market needs in occupations that re-quire skills in those subject areas. ‘‘(B) Improving career and technical edu-cation outcomes of students served by eligi-ble entities, eligible institutions, or eligible recipients through activities such as— ‘‘(i) supporting the development and en-hancement of innovative delivery models for career and technical education related work- based learning, including school-based simu-lated work sites, mentoring, work site visits, job shadowing, project-based learning, and skills-based and paid internships; ‘‘(ii) increasing the effective use of tech-nology within career and technical education programs and programs of study; ‘‘(iii) supporting new models for inte-grating academic content at the secondary and postsecondary level in career and tech-nical education; or ‘‘(iv) integrating science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics fields, including computer science education, with career and technical education. ‘‘(C) Improving the transition of students— ‘‘(i) from secondary education to postsec-ondary education or employment through programs, activities, or services that may in-clude the creation, development, or expan-sion of dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, articulation agreements, credit transfer agreements, and competency-based education; or ‘‘(ii) from the completion of one postsec-ondary program to another postsecondary program that awards a recognized postsec-ondary credential. ‘‘(D) Supporting the development and en-hancement of innovative delivery models for career and technical education. ‘‘(E) Working with industry to design and implement courses or programs of study aligned to labor market needs in new or emerging fields. ‘‘(F) Supporting innovative approaches to career and technical education by rede-signing the high school experience for stu-dents, which may include evidence-based transitional support strategies for students who have not met postsecondary education eligibility requirements. ‘‘(G) Creating or expanding recruitment, retention, or professional development ac-tivities for career and technical education teachers, faculty, school leaders, administra-tors, specialized instructional support per-sonnel, career guidance and academic coun-selors, and paraprofessionals, which may in-clude— ‘‘(i) providing resources and training to im-prove instruction for, and provide appro-priate accommodations to, special popu-lations; ‘‘(ii) externships or site visits with busi-ness and industry; ‘‘(iii) the integration of coherent and rig-orous academic content standards and career and technical education curricula, including through opportunities for appropriate aca-demic and career and technical education teachers to jointly develop and implement curricula and pedagogical strategies; ‘‘(iv) mentoring by experienced teachers; ‘‘(v) providing resources or assistance with meeting State teacher licensure and creden-tial requirements; or ‘‘(vi) training for career guidance and aca-demic counselors at the secondary level to improve awareness of postsecondary edu-cation and postsecondary career options, and improve the ability of such counselors to communicate to students the career opportu-nities and employment trends. ‘‘(H) Improving CTE concentrator employ-ment outcomes in non-traditional fields. ‘‘(I) Supporting the use of career and tech-nical education programs and programs of study in a coordinated strategy to address identified employer needs and workforce shortages, such as shortages in the early childhood, elementary school, and secondary school education workforce. ‘‘(J) Providing integrated student support that addresses the comprehensive needs of students, such as incorporating accelerated and differentiated learning opportunities supported by evidence-based strategies for special populations. ‘‘(K) Establishing an online portal for ca-reer and technical education students, in-cluding special populations, preparing for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5212 July 23, 2018 
postsecondary career and technical edu-cation, which may include opportunities for mentoring, gaining financial literacy skills, and identifying career opportunities and in-terests, and a platform to establish online savings accounts to be used exclusively for postsecondary career and technical edu-cation programs and programs of study. ‘‘(L) Developing and implementing a pay for success initiative. ‘‘(8) E
VALUATION .—Each eligible entity, eli-gible institution, or eligible recipient receiv-ing a grant under this subsection shall pro-vide for an independent evaluation of the ac-tivities carried out using such grant and sub-mit to the Secretary an annual report that includes— ‘‘(A) a description of how funds received under this paragraph were used; ‘‘(B) the performance of the eligible entity, eligible institution, or eligible recipient with respect to, at a minimum, the performance indicators described under section 113, as ap-plicable, and disaggregated by— ‘‘(i) subgroups of students described in sec-tion 1111(c)(2)(B) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965; ‘‘(ii) special populations; and ‘‘(iii) as appropriate, each career and tech-nical education program and program of study; and ‘‘(C) a quantitative analysis of the effec-tiveness of the project carried out under this paragraph.’’; and (7) by amending subsection (f), as redesig-nated by paragraph (5), to read as follows: ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $7,651,051 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) $7,758,166 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) $7,866,780 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(4) $7,976,915 for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(5) $8,088,592 for fiscal year 2023; and ‘‘(6) $8,201,832 for fiscal year 2024.’’. 
SEC. 114. ASSISTANCE FOR THE OUTLYING AREAS. 
Section 115 (20 U.S.C. 2325) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘subject to subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to subsection (b)’’; (2) by striking subsections (b) and (c); and (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (b). 
SEC. 115. NATIVE AMERICAN PROGRAMS. 
Section 116 (20 U.S.C. 2326) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the paragraph head-ing, by striking ‘‘
NATIVE ’’ and inserting ‘‘N A-
TIVE’’; (B) by striking paragraph (3); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (D) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated by subparagraph (C)), in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
HAWAIIAN ’’ and inserting ‘‘H A-
WAIIAN ’’; and (E) in paragraph (4) (as redesignated by subparagraph (C))— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
HAWAIIAN ’’ and inserting ‘‘H AWAIIAN ’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘(20 U.S.C. 7517)’’ after ‘‘Act’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘tribes’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribes’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribal’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘I
NDIAN TRIBES AND TRIBAL ORGANI -
ZATIONS .—’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Indian tribe or tribal orga-nization’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian Tribe or Tribal organization’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘450f’’ and inserting ‘‘5321’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘455–457’’ and inserting ‘‘5345–5347’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS ’’ and inserting ‘‘B
UREAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribe’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribal’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’; (D) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation’’; (E) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and individual tribal members’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian Tribes, Tribal organizations, and individual Tribal members’’; and (F) in paragraph (6)— (i) by striking ‘‘tribe’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Tribe’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘tribal’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Tribal’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 3(5)(A)(iii), funds made available under this section may be used to provide pre-paratory, refresher, and remedial education services that are designed to enable students to achieve success in career and technical education programs or programs of study.’’; (4) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘tribe’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Tribe’’; (5) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribal’’; (6) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribe’’; and (7) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘tribe’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Tribe’’. 
SEC. 116. TRIBALLY CONTROLLED POSTSEC-ONDARY CAREER AND TECHNICAL INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 117 (20 U.S.C. 2327) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 640a et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(Public Law 92–189; 85 Stat. 646)’’; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 640a et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(Public Law 92– 189; 85 Stat. 646)’’; (3) in subsection (f)(3), by striking ‘‘tribe’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Tribe’’; (4) in subsection (h)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
INDIAN TRIBE ’’ and inserting ‘‘I NDIAN TRIBE ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘terms ‘Indian’ and ‘Indian tribe’ have the meanings given the terms in’’ and inserting ‘‘terms ‘Indian’ and ‘Indian Tribe’ have the meanings given the terms ‘Indian’ and ‘Indian tribe’, respectively, in’’; and (5) by striking subsection (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $9,762,539 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) $9,899,215 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) $10,037,804 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(4) $10,178,333 for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(5) $10,320,829 for fiscal year 2023; and ‘‘(6) $10,465,321 for fiscal year 2024.’’. SEC. 117. OCCUPATIONAL AND EMPLOYMENT IN-FORMATION. 
Section 118 (20 U.S.C. 2328) is repealed. PART B—STATE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 121. STATE ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 121(a)(2) (20 U.S.C. 2341(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘parents’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘teachers, faculty, specialized in-structional support personnel, paraprofes-sionals, school leaders, authorized public chartering agencies and charter school lead-ers (consistent with State law), employers, representatives of business (including small businesses), labor organizations, eligible re-cipients, local program administrators, State and local officials, Indian Tribes or Tribal organizations present in the State, parents, students, and community organiza-tions;’’. 
SEC. 122. STATE PLAN. 
Section 122 (20 U.S.C. 2342) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘6-year period,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘4-year period, consistent with sub-section (b) and paragraph (5),’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006’’ and inserting ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Cen-tury Act’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘6-year period’’ and inserting ‘‘4-year period’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘(includ-ing charter school’’ and all that follows through ‘‘and community organizations)’’ and inserting ‘‘(including teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, paraprofessionals, school leaders, authorized public chartering agencies and charter school leaders (consistent with State law), employers, labor organizations, parents, stu-dents, Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations that may be present in the State, and com-munity organizations)’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—Each eligible agen-cy shall make the State plan publicly avail-able for public comment for a period of not less than 30 days, by electronic means and in an easily accessible format, prior to submis-sion to the Secretary for approval under this subsection. In the plan the eligible agency files under this subsection, the eligible agen-cy shall provide an assurance that public comments were taken into account in the de-velopment of the State plan. ‘‘(5) O
PTIONAL SUBMISSION OF SUBSEQUENT  
PLANS .—An eligible agency may, after the first 4-year State plan is submitted under this section, submit subsequent 4-year plans not later than 120 days prior to the end of the 4-year period covered by the preceding State plan or, if an eligible agency chooses not to submit a State plan for a subsequent 4-year period, the eligible agency shall sub-mit, and the Secretary shall approve, annual revisions to the State determined levels of performance in the same manner as revisions submitted and approved under section 113(b)(3)(A)(ii).’’; and (2) by striking subsections (b) through (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) O
PTIONS FOR SUBMISSION OF STATE  P
LAN.— ‘‘(1) C
OMBINED PLAN .—The eligible agency may submit a combined plan that meets the requirements of this section and the require-ments of section 103 of the Workforce Inno-vation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3113). ‘‘(2) N
OTICE TO SECRETARY .—The eligible agency shall inform the Secretary of wheth-er the eligible agency intends to submit a combined plan described in paragraph (1) or a single plan. ‘‘(c) P
LANDEVELOPMENT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5213 July 23, 2018 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The eligible agency shall— ‘‘(A) develop the State plan in consultation with— ‘‘(i) representatives of secondary and post-secondary career and technical education programs, including eligible recipients and representatives of 2-year minority-serving institutions and historically Black colleges and universities and tribally controlled col-leges or universities in States where such in-stitutions are in existence, adult career and technical education providers, and charter school representatives in States where such schools are in existence, which shall include teachers, faculty, school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, career and academic guidance counselors, and para-professionals; ‘‘(ii) interested community representa-tives, including parents, students, and com-munity organizations; ‘‘(iii) representatives of the State work-force development board established under section 101 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111) (referred to in this section as the ‘State board’); ‘‘(iv) members and representatives of spe-cial populations; ‘‘(v) representatives of business and indus-try (including representatives of small busi-ness), which shall include representatives of industry and sector partnerships in the State, as appropriate, and representatives of labor organizations in the State; ‘‘(vi) representatives of agencies serving out-of-school youth, homeless children and youth, and at-risk youth, including the State Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths established or des-ignated under section 722(d)(3) of the McKin-ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432(d)(3)); ‘‘(vii) representatives of Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations located in, or providing services in, the State; and ‘‘(viii) individuals with disabilities; and ‘‘(B) consult the Governor of the State, and the heads of other State agencies with au-thority for career and technical education programs that are not the eligible agency, with respect to the development of the State plan. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES AND PROCEDURES .—The eli- gible agency shall develop effective activi-ties and procedures, including access to in-formation needed to use such procedures, to allow the individuals and entities described in paragraph (1) to participate in State and local decisions that relate to development of the State plan. ‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION WITH THE GOVERNOR .— The consultation described in paragraph (1)(B) shall include meetings of officials from the eligible agency and the Governor’s office and shall occur— ‘‘(A) during the development of such plan; and ‘‘(B) prior to submission of the plan to the Secretary. ‘‘(d) P
LANCONTENTS .—The State plan shall include— ‘‘(1) a summary of State-supported work-force development activities (including edu-cation and training) in the State, including the degree to which the State’s career and technical education programs and programs of study are aligned with and address the education and skill needs of the employers in the State identified by the State board; ‘‘(2) the State’s strategic vision and set of goals for preparing an educated and skilled workforce (including special populations) and for meeting the skilled workforce needs of employers, including in existing and emerging in-demand industry sectors and oc-cupations as identified by the State, and how the State’s career and technical education programs will help to meet these goals; ‘‘(3) a strategy for any joint planning, alignment, coordination, and leveraging of funds— ‘‘(A) between the State’s career and tech-nical education programs and programs of study with the State’s workforce develop-ment system, to achieve the strategic vision and goals described in paragraph (2), includ-ing the core programs defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102) and the elements related to system alignment under section 102(b)(2)(B) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 3112(b)(2)(B)); and ‘‘(B) for programs carried out under this title with other Federal programs, which may include programs funded under the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and the Higher Education Act of 1965; ‘‘(4) a description of the career and tech-nical education programs or programs of study that will be supported, developed, or improved at the State level, including de-scriptions of— ‘‘(A) the programs of study to be developed at the State level and made available for adoption by eligible recipients; ‘‘(B) the process and criteria to be used for approving locally developed programs of study or career pathways, including how such programs address State workforce de-velopment and education needs and the cri-teria to assess the extent to which the local application under section 132 will— ‘‘(i) promote continuous improvement in academic achievement and technical skill attainment; ‘‘(ii) expand access to career and technical education for special populations; and ‘‘(iii) support the inclusion of employ-ability skills in programs of study and career pathways; ‘‘(C) how the eligible agency will— ‘‘(i) make information on approved pro-grams of study and career pathways (includ-ing career exploration, work-based learning opportunities, early college high schools, and dual or concurrent enrollment program op-portunities) and guidance and advisement re-sources, available to students (and parents, as appropriate), representatives of secondary and postsecondary education, and special populations, and to the extent practicable, provide that information and those resources in a language students, parents, and edu-cators can understand; ‘‘(ii) facilitate collaboration among eligi-ble recipients in the development and coordi-nation of career and technical education pro-grams and programs of study and career pathways that include multiple entry and exit points; ‘‘(iii) use State, regional, or local labor market data to determine alignment of eligi-ble recipients’ programs of study to the needs of the State, regional, or local econ-omy, including in-demand industry sectors and occupations identified by the State board, and to align career and technical edu-cation with such needs, as appropriate; ‘‘(iv) ensure equal access to approved ca-reer and technical education programs of study and activities assisted under this Act for special populations; ‘‘(v) coordinate with the State board to support the local development of career pathways and articulate processes by which career pathways will be developed by local workforce development boards, as appro-priate; ‘‘(vi) support effective and meaningful col-laboration between secondary schools, post-secondary institutions, and employers to provide students with experience in, and un-derstanding of, all aspects of an industry, which may include work-based learning such as internships, mentorships, simulated work environments, and other hands-on or in-quiry-based learning activities; and ‘‘(vii) improve outcomes and reduce per-formance gaps for CTE concentrators, in-cluding those who are members of special populations; and ‘‘(D) how the eligible agency may include the opportunity for secondary school stu-dents to participate in dual or concurrent enrollment programs, early college high school, or competency-based education; ‘‘(5) a description of the criteria and proc-ess for how the eligible agency will approve eligible recipients for funds under this Act, including how— ‘‘(A) each eligible recipient will promote academic achievement; ‘‘(B) each eligible recipient will promote skill attainment, including skill attainment that leads to a recognized postsecondary cre-dential; and ‘‘(C) each eligible recipient will ensure the comprehensive needs assessment under sec-tion 134(c) takes into consideration local economic and education needs, including, where appropriate, in-demand industry sec-tors and occupations; ‘‘(6) a description of how the eligible agen-cy will support the recruitment and prepara-tion of teachers, including special education teachers, faculty, school principals, adminis-trators, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals to provide career and technical education instruction, leadership, and support, including profes-sional development that provides the knowl-edge and skills needed to work with and im-prove instruction for special populations; ‘‘(7) a description of how the eligible agen-cy will use State leadership funds under sec-tion 124; ‘‘(8) a description of how funds received by the eligible agency through the allotment made under section 111 will be distributed— ‘‘(A) among career and technical education at the secondary level, or career and tech-nical education at the postsecondary and adult level, or both, including how such dis-tribution will most effectively provide stu-dents with the skills needed to succeed in the workplace; and ‘‘(B) among any consortia that may be formed among secondary schools and eligible institutions, and how funds will be distrib-uted among the members of the consortia, including the rationale for such distribution and how it will most effectively provide stu-dents with the skills needed to succeed in the workplace; ‘‘(9) a description of the eligible agency’s program strategies for special populations, including a description of how individuals who are members of special populations— ‘‘(A) will be provided with equal access to activities assisted under this Act; ‘‘(B) will not be discriminated against on the basis of status as a member of a special population; ‘‘(C) will be provided with programs de-signed to enable individuals who are mem-bers of special populations to meet or exceed State determined levels of performance de-scribed in section 113, and prepare special populations for further learning and for high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry sectors or occupations; ‘‘(D) will be provided with appropriate ac-commodations; and ‘‘(E) will be provided instruction and work- based learning opportunities in integrated settings that support competitive, inte-grated employment; ‘‘(10) a description of the procedure the eli-gible agency will adopt for determining State determined levels of performance de-scribed in section 113, which, at a minimum, shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5214 July 23, 2018 
‘‘(A) a description of the process for public comment under section 113(b)(3)(B) as part of the development of the State determined levels of performance under section 113(b); ‘‘(B) an explanation of the State deter-mined levels of performance; and ‘‘(C) a description of how the State deter-mined levels of performance set by the eligi-ble agency align with the levels, goals, and objectives of other Federal and State laws; ‘‘(11) a description of how the eligible agen-cy will address disparities or gaps in per-formance, as described in section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II), in each of the plan years, and if no meaningful progress has been achieved prior to the third program year, a description of the additional actions the eli-gible agency will take to eliminate these dis-parities or gaps; ‘‘(12) describes how the eligible agency will involve parents, academic and career and technical education teachers, administra-tors, faculty, career guidance and academic counselors, local business (including small businesses), labor organizations, and rep-resentatives of Indian Tribes and Tribal or-ganizations, as appropriate, in the planning, development, implementation, and evalua-tion of such career and technical education programs; and ‘‘(13) assurances that— ‘‘(A) the eligible agency will comply with the requirements of this Act and the provi-sions of the State plan, including the provi-sion of a financial audit of funds received under this Act, which may be included as part of an audit of other Federal or State programs; ‘‘(B) none of the funds expended under this Act will be used to acquire equipment (in-cluding computer software) in any instance in which such acquisition results in a direct financial benefit to any organization rep-resenting the interests of the acquiring enti-ty or the employees of the acquiring entity, or any affiliate of such an organization; ‘‘(C) the eligible agency will use the funds to promote preparation for high-skill, high- wage, or in-demand industry sectors or occu-pations and non-traditional fields, as identi-fied by the eligible agency; ‘‘(D) the eligible agency will use the funds provided under this Act to implement career and technical education programs and pro-grams of study for individuals in State cor-rectional institutions, including juvenile jus-tice facilities; and ‘‘(E) the eligible agency will provide local educational agencies, area career and tech-nical education schools, and eligible institu-tions in the State with technical assistance, including technical assistance on how to close gaps in student participation and per-formance in career and technical education programs; and ‘‘(14) a description of the opportunities for the public to comment in person and in writ-ing on the State plan under this subsection. ‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The eligible agency shall develop the portion of each State plan relat-ing to the amount and uses of any funds pro-posed to be reserved for adult career and technical education, postsecondary career and technical education, and secondary ca-reer and technical education after consulta-tion with— ‘‘(A) the State agency responsible for su-pervision of community colleges, technical institutes, other 2-year postsecondary insti-tutions primarily engaged in providing post-secondary career and technical education, or, where applicable, institutions of higher education that are engaged in providing postsecondary career and technical edu-cation as part of their mission; ‘‘(B) the State agency responsible for sec-ondary education; and ‘‘(C) the State agency responsible for adult education. ‘‘(2) OBJECTIONS OF STATE AGENCIES .—If a State agency other than the eligible agency finds that a portion of the final State plan is objectionable, that objection shall be filed together with the State plan. The eligible agency shall respond to any objections of such State agency in the State plan sub-mitted to the Secretary. ‘‘(3) J
OINT SIGNATURE AUTHORITY .—A Gov- ernor shall have 30 days prior to the eligible agency submitting the State plan to the Sec-retary to sign such plan. If the Governor has not signed the plan within 30 days of delivery by the eligible agency to the Governor, the eligible agency shall submit the plan to the Secretary without such signature. ‘‘(f) P
LANAPPROVAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the eligible agency submits its State plan, the Secretary shall approve such State plan, or a revision of the plan under sub-section (a)(2) (including a revision of State determined levels of performance in accord-ance with section 113(b)(3)(A)(iii)), if the Sec-retary determines that the State has sub-mitted in its State plan State determined levels of performance that meet the criteria established in section 113(b)(3), including the minimum requirements described in section 113(b)(3)(A)(i)(III), unless the Secretary— ‘‘(A) determines that the State plan does not meet the requirements of this Act, in-cluding the minimum requirements as de-scribed in section 113(b)(3)(A)(i)(III); and ‘‘(B) meets the requirements of paragraph (2) with respect to such plan. ‘‘(2) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall have the authority to disapprove a State plan only if the Secretary— ‘‘(i) determines how the State plan fails to meet the requirements of this Act; and ‘‘(ii) provides to the eligible agency, in writing, notice of such determination and the supporting information and rationale to substantiate such determination; and ‘‘(B) shall not finally disapprove a State plan, except after making the determination and providing the information described in subparagraph (A), and giving the eligible agency notice and an opportunity for a hear-ing.’’. 
SEC. 123. IMPROVEMENT PLANS. 
Section 123 (20 U.S.C. 2343) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘percent of an agreed upon’’ and inserting ‘‘percent of the’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘State adjusted level of performance’’ and inserting ‘‘State deter-mined level of performance’’ each place the term appears; (iii) by striking ‘‘section 113(b)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘113(b)(2) for all CTE concentrators’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘(with special consider-ation to performance gaps identified under section 113(c)(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(that in-cludes an analysis of the performance dis-parities or gaps identified under section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II), and actions that will be taken to address such gaps)’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘State’s adjusted levels of performance’’ and inserting ‘‘State deter-mined levels of performance’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘purposes of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘purposes of this section, including after implementation of the improvement plan described in paragraph (1),’’; (C) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; and (ii) by striking clauses (ii) and (iii) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(ii) with respect to any specific core indi-cator of performance that was identified in a program improvement plan under paragraph (1), fails to meet at least 90 percent of a State determined level of performance for such core indicator for 2 consecutive years after the eligible agency has been identified for improvement under such paragraph.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) ADJUSTMENTS PROHIBITED .—An eligible agency shall not be eligible to adjust per-formance levels while executing an improve-ment plan under this section.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘adjusted’’ each place the term appears; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘for all CTE concentra-tors’’ after ‘‘section 113(b)(4)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(with special consider-ation to performance gaps identified under section 113(b)(4)(C)(ii)(II) in consultation with the eligible agency,’’ and inserting ‘‘(that includes an analysis of the perform-ance disparities or gaps identified under sec-tion 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II), and actions that will be taken to address such gaps) in consulta-tion with local stakeholders described in sec-tion 134(d)(1), the eligible agency, and’’; (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; and (II) by striking clauses (ii) and (iii) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(ii) with respect to any specific core indi-cator of performance that was identified in a program improvement plan under paragraph (2), fails to meet at least 90 percent of the local level of performance for such core indi-cator for 2 consecutive years after the eligi-ble recipient has been identified for improve-ment under such paragraph.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (II) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) in response to a public request from an eligible recipient, if the eligible agency determines that the requirements described in clause (i) or (ii) have been met.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) A
DJUSTMENTS PROHIBITED .—An eligible recipient shall not be eligible to adjust per-formance levels while executing an improve-ment plan under this section.’’. 
SEC. 124. STATE LEADERSHIP ACTIVITIES. 
Section 124 (20 U.S.C. 2344) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘shall conduct State leadership activities.’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall— ‘‘(1) conduct State leadership activities to improve career and technical education, which shall include support for— ‘‘(A) preparation for non-traditional fields in current and emerging professions, pro-grams for special populations, and other ac-tivities that expose students, including spe-cial populations, to high-skill, high-wage, and in-demand occupations; ‘‘(B) individuals in State institutions, such as State correctional institutions, including juvenile justice facilities, and educational institutions that serve individuals with dis-abilities; ‘‘(C) recruiting, preparing, or retaining ca-reer and technical education teachers, fac-ulty, specialized instructional support per-sonnel, or paraprofessionals, such as preservice, professional development, or leadership development programs; and ‘‘(D) technical assistance for eligible re-cipients; and ‘‘(2) report on the effectiveness of such use of funds in achieving the goals described in section 122(d)(2) and the State determined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5215 July 23, 2018 
levels of performance described in section 113(b)(3)(A), and reducing disparities or per-formance gaps as described in section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II).’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘R
EQUIRED ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ERMISSIBLE ’’; (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (C) by striking paragraphs (1) through (9) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) developing statewide programs of study, which may include standards, cur-riculum, and course development, and career exploration, guidance, and advisement ac-tivities and resources; ‘‘(2) approving locally developed programs of study that meet the requirements estab-lished in section 122(d)(4)(B); ‘‘(3) establishing statewide articulation agreements aligned to approved programs of study; ‘‘(4) establishing statewide industry or sec-tor partnerships among local educational agencies, institutions of higher education, adult education providers, Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations that may be present in the State, employers, including small busi-nesses, and parents, as appropriate to— ‘‘(A) develop and implement programs of study aligned to State and local economic and education needs, including, as appro-priate, in-demand industry sectors and occu-pations; ‘‘(B) facilitate the establishment, expan-sion, and integration of opportunities for students at the secondary level to— ‘‘(i) successfully complete coursework that integrates rigorous and challenging tech-nical and academic instruction aligned with the challenging State academic standards adopted by the State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and ‘‘(ii) earn a recognized postsecondary cre-dential or credit toward a recognized post-secondary credential, which may be earned through a dual or concurrent enrollment program or early college high school, at no cost to the student or the student’s family; and ‘‘(C) facilitate work-based learning oppor-tunities (including internships, externships, and simulated work environments) into pro-grams of study; ‘‘(5) for teachers, faculty, specialized in-structional support personnel, and para-professionals providing career and technical education instruction, support services, and specialized instructional support services, high-quality comprehensive professional de-velopment that is, to the extent practicable, grounded in evidence-based research (to the extent a State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) that identifies the most effective educator professional develop-ment process and is coordinated and aligned with other professional development activi-ties carried out by the State (including under title II of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 and title II of the Higher Education Act of 1965), including programming that— ‘‘(A) promotes the integration of the chal-lenging State academic standards adopted by the State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and relevant technical knowledge and skills, including programming jointly deliv-ered to academic and career and technical education teachers; ‘‘(B) prepares career and technical edu-cation teachers, faculty, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, and paraprofes-sionals to provide appropriate accommoda-tions for students who are members of spe-cial populations, including through the use of principles of universal design for learning, multi-tier systems of supports, and positive behavioral interventions and support; and ‘‘(C) increases the ability of teachers, fac-ulty, specialized instructional support per-sonnel, and paraprofessionals providing ca-reer and technical education instruction to stay current with industry standards and earn an industry-recognized credential or li-cense, as appropriate, including by assisting those with relevant industry experience in obtaining State teacher licensure or creden-tial requirements; ‘‘(6) supporting eligible recipients in elimi-nating inequities in student access to— ‘‘(A) high-quality programs of study that provide skill development; and ‘‘(B) effective teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, and para-professionals; ‘‘(7) awarding incentive grants to eligible recipients— ‘‘(A) for exemplary performance in car-rying out programs under this Act, which awards shall be based on— ‘‘(i) eligible recipients exceeding the local level of performance on a core indicator of performance established under section 113(b)(4)(A) in a manner that reflects sus-tained or significant improvement; ‘‘(ii) eligible recipients effectively devel-oping connections between secondary edu-cation and postsecondary education and training; ‘‘(iii) the integration of academic and tech-nical standards; ‘‘(iv) eligible recipients’ progress in closing achievement gaps among subpopulations who participate in programs of study; or ‘‘(v) other factors relating to the perform-ance of eligible recipients under this Act as the eligible agency determines are appro-priate; or ‘‘(B) if an eligible recipient elects to use funds as permitted under section 135(c); ‘‘(8) providing support for— ‘‘(A) the adoption and integration of recog-nized postsecondary credentials and work- based learning into programs of study, and for increasing data collection associated with recognized postsecondary credentials and employment outcomes; or ‘‘(B) consultation and coordination with other State agencies for the identification and examination of licenses or certifications that— ‘‘(i) pose an unwarranted barrier to entry into the workforce for career and technical education students; and ‘‘(ii) do not protect the health, safety, or welfare of consumers; ‘‘(9) the creation, implementation, and sup-port of pay for success initiatives leading to a recognized postsecondary credential; ‘‘(10) support for career and technical edu-cation programs for adults and out-of-school youth concurrent with their completion of their secondary school education in a school or other educational setting; ‘‘(11) the creation, evaluation, and support of competency-based curricula; ‘‘(12) support for the development, imple-mentation, and expansion of programs of study or career pathways in areas declared to be in a state of emergency under section 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5191); ‘‘(13) partnering with qualified inter-mediaries to improve training, the develop-ment of public-private partnerships, systems development, capacity-building, and scalability of the delivery of high-quality ca-reer and technical education; ‘‘(14) improvement of career guidance and academic counseling programs that assist students in making informed academic and career and technical education decisions, in-cluding academic and financial aid coun-seling; ‘‘(15) support for the integration of employ-ability skills into career and technical edu-cation programs and programs of study; ‘‘(16) support for programs and activities that increase access, student engagement, and success in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics fields (including com-puter science, coding, and architecture), sup-port for the integration of arts and design skills, and support for hands-on learning, particularly for students who are members of groups underrepresented in such subject fields, such as female students, minority stu-dents, and students who are members of spe-cial populations; ‘‘(17) support for career and technical stu-dent organizations, especially with respect to efforts to increase the participation of students in nontraditional fields and stu-dents who are members of special popu-lations; ‘‘(18) support for establishing and expand-ing work-based learning opportunities that are aligned to career and technical education programs and programs of study; ‘‘(19) integrating and aligning programs of study and career pathways; ‘‘(20) supporting the use of career and tech-nical education programs and programs of study aligned with State, regional, or local high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry sectors or occupations identified by the State workforce development board de-scribed in section 101 of the Workforce Inno-vation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111) or local workforce development boards; ‘‘(21) making all forms of instructional content widely available, which may include use of open educational resources; ‘‘(22) developing valid and reliable assess-ments of competencies and technical skills and enhancing data systems to collect and analyze data on secondary and postsec-ondary academic and employment outcomes; ‘‘(23) support for accelerated learning pro-grams, as described in section 4104(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, in the case of any such program that is part of a career and technical education program of study; ‘‘(24) support for career academies to im-plement a postsecondary education and workforce-ready curriculum at the sec-ondary education level that integrates rig-orous academic, technical, and employ-ability contents through career and tech-nical education programs and programs of study that address needs described in the comprehensive needs assessment under sec-tion 134(c); and ‘‘(25) other State leadership activities that improve career and technical education.’’; (3) by striking subsection (c); 
(4) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c); and (5) in subsection (c), as redesignated by paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, unless expressly author-ized under subsection (a).’’. PART C—LOCAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 131. DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS TO SEC-ONDARY EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 131 (20 U.S.C. 2351) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘Bu-reau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bu-reau of Indian Education’’; (2) in subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii), by inserting ‘‘or programs of study’’ after ‘‘technical edu-cation programs’’; (3) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘and pro-grams of study’’ after ‘‘technical education programs’’; and (4) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5216 July 23, 2018 
SEC. 132. SPECIAL RULES FOR CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION. 
Section 133 (20 U.S.C. 2353) is amended by inserting ‘‘or programs of study’’ after ‘‘ca-reer and technical education programs’’ each place the term appears. 
SEC. 133. LOCAL APPLICATION FOR CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 134 (20 U.S.C. 2354) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
LOCAL PLAN ’’ and inserting ‘‘ LOCAL APPLICA -
TION’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘L
OCAL PLAN’’ and inserting ‘‘L OCAL APPLI-
CATION ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘submit a local plan’’ and inserting ‘‘submit a local application’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘Such local plan’’ and in-serting ‘‘Such local application’’; and (3) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The eligible agency shall determine the requirements for local appli-cations, except that each local application shall contain— ‘‘(1) a description of the results of the com-prehensive needs assessment conducted under subsection (c); ‘‘(2) information on the career and tech-nical education course offerings and activi-ties that the eligible recipient will provide with funds under this part, which shall in-clude not less than 1 program of study ap-proved by a State under section 124(b)(2), in-cluding— ‘‘(A) how the results of the comprehensive needs assessment described in subsection (c) informed the selection of the specific career and technical education programs and ac-tivities selected to be funded; ‘‘(B) a description of any new programs of study the eligible recipient will develop and submit to the State for approval; and ‘‘(C) how students, including students who are members of special populations, will learn about their school’s career and tech-nical education course offerings and whether each course is part of a career and technical education program of study; ‘‘(3) a description of how the eligible re-cipient, in collaboration with local work-force development boards and other local workforce agencies, one-stop delivery sys-tems described in section 121(e)(2) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3151(e)(2)), and other partners, will provide— ‘‘(A) career exploration and career develop-ment coursework, activities, or services; ‘‘(B) career information on employment opportunities that incorporate the most up- to-date information on high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry sectors or occupa-tions, as determined by the comprehensive needs assessment described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(C) an organized system of career guid-ance and academic counseling to students before enrolling and while participating in a career and technical education program; ‘‘(4) a description of how the eligible re-cipient will improve the academic and tech-nical skills of students participating in ca-reer and technical education programs by strengthening the academic and career and technical education components of such pro-grams through the integration of coherent and rigorous content aligned with chal-lenging academic standards and relevant ca-reer and technical education programs to en-sure learning in the subjects that constitute a well-rounded education (as defined in sec-tion 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965); ‘‘(5) a description of how the eligible re-cipient will— ‘‘(A) provide activities to prepare special populations for high-skill, high-wage, or in- demand industry sectors or occupations that will lead to self-sufficiency; ‘‘(B) prepare CTE participants for non-tra-ditional fields; ‘‘(C) provide equal access for special popu-lations to career and technical education courses, programs, and programs of study; and ‘‘(D) ensure that members of special popu-lations will not be discriminated against on the basis of their status as members of spe-cial populations; ‘‘(6) a description of the work-based learn-ing opportunities that the eligible recipient will provide to students participating in ca-reer and technical education programs and how the recipient will work with representa-tives from employers to develop or expand work-based learning opportunities for career and technical education students, as applica-ble; ‘‘(7) a description of how the eligible re-cipient will provide students participating in career and technical education programs with the opportunity to gain postsecondary credit while still attending high school, such as through dual or concurrent enrollment programs or early college high school, as practicable; ‘‘(8) a description of how the eligible re-cipient will coordinate with the eligible agency and institutions of higher education to support the recruitment, preparation, re-tention, and training, including professional development, of teachers, faculty, adminis-trators, and specialized instructional support personnel and paraprofessionals who meet applicable State certification and licensure requirements (including any requirements met through alternative routes to certifi-cation), including individuals from groups underrepresented in the teaching profession; and ‘‘(9) a description of how the eligible re-cipient will address disparities or gaps in performance as described in section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II) in each of the plan years, and if no meaningful progress has been achieved prior to the third program year, a description of the additional actions such re-cipient will take to eliminate those dispari-ties or gaps. ‘‘(c) C
OMPREHENSIVE NEEDS ASSESSMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive financial assistance under this part, an eligi-ble recipient shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a comprehensive local needs assessment related to career and technical education and include the results of the needs assessment in the local application submitted under subsection (a); and ‘‘(B) not less than once every 2 years, up-date such comprehensive local needs assess-ment. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The comprehensive local needs assessment described in para-graph (1) shall include each of the following: ‘‘(A) An evaluation of the performance of the students served by the eligible recipient with respect to State determined and local levels of performance established pursuant to section 113, including an evaluation of performance for special populations and each subgroup described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(B) A description of how career and tech-nical education programs offered by the eli-gible recipient are— ‘‘(i) sufficient in size, scope, and quality to meet the needs of all students served by the eligible recipient; and ‘‘(ii)(I) aligned to State, regional, Tribal, or local in-demand industry sectors or occu-pations identified by the State workforce de-velopment board described in section 101 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111) (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘State board’) or local workforce development board, including career path-ways, where appropriate; or ‘‘(II) designed to meet local education or economic needs not identified by State boards or local workforce development boards. ‘‘(C) An evaluation of progress toward the implementation of career and technical edu-cation programs and programs of study. ‘‘(D) A description of how the eligible re-cipient will improve recruitment, retention, and training of career and technical edu-cation teachers, faculty, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, paraprofessionals, and career guidance and academic coun-selors, including individuals in groups under-represented in such professions. ‘‘(E) A description of progress toward im-plementation of equal access to high-quality career and technical education courses and programs of study for all students, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) strategies to overcome barriers that result in lower rates of access to, or perform-ance gaps in, the courses and programs for special populations; ‘‘(ii) providing programs that are designed to enable special populations to meet the local levels of performance; and ‘‘(iii) providing activities to prepare spe-cial populations for high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry sectors or occupations in competitive, integrated settings that will lead to self-sufficiency. ‘‘(d) CONSULTATION .—In conducting the comprehensive needs assessment under sub-section (c), and developing the local applica-tion described in subsection (b), an eligible recipient shall involve a diverse body of stakeholders, including, at a minimum— ‘‘(1) representatives of career and technical education programs in a local educational agency or educational service agency, in-cluding teachers, career guidance and aca-demic counselors, principals and other school leaders, administrators, and special-ized instructional support personnel and paraprofessionals; ‘‘(2) representatives of career and technical education programs at postsecondary edu-cational institutions, including faculty and administrators; ‘‘(3) representatives of the State board or local workforce development boards and a range of local or regional businesses or in-dustries; ‘‘(4) parents and students; ‘‘(5) representatives of special populations; ‘‘(6) representatives of regional or local agencies serving out-of-school youth, home-less children and youth, and at-risk youth (as defined in section 1432 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965); ‘‘(7) representatives of Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations in the State, where ap-plicable; and ‘‘(8) any other stakeholders that the eligi-ble agency may require the eligible recipient to consult. ‘‘(e) C
ONTINUED CONSULTATION .—An eligible recipient receiving financial assistance under this part shall consult with stake-holders described in subsection (d) on an on-going basis, as determined by the eligible agency. This may include consultation in order to— ‘‘(1) provide input on annual updates to the comprehensive needs assessment required under subsection (c)(1)(B); ‘‘(2) ensure programs of study are— ‘‘(A) responsive to community employment needs; ‘‘(B) aligned with employment priorities in the State, regional, tribal, or local economy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5217 July 23, 2018 
identified by employers and the entities de-scribed in subsection (d), which may include in-demand industry sectors or occupations identified by the local workforce develop-ment board; ‘‘(C) informed by labor market informa-tion, including information provided under section 15(e)(2)(C) of the Wagner-Peyser Act (29 U.S.C. 491–2(e)(2)(C)); ‘‘(D) designed to meet current, inter-mediate, or long-term labor market projec-tions; and ‘‘(E) allow employer input, including input from industry or sector partnerships in the local area, where applicable, into the devel-opment and implementation of programs of study to ensure such programs of study align with skills required by local employment op-portunities, including activities such as the identification of relevant standards, cur-riculum, industry-recognized credentials, and current technology and equipment; ‘‘(3) identify and encourage opportunities for work-based learning; and ‘‘(4) ensure funding under this part is used in a coordinated manner with other local re-sources.’’. 
SEC. 134. LOCAL USES OF FUNDS. 
Section 135 (20 U.S.C. 2355) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 135. LOCAL USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Each eligible recipient that receives funds under this part shall use such funds to develop, coordinate, implement, or improve career and technical education programs to meet the needs iden-tified in the comprehensive needs assessment described in section 134(c). ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR USES OF FUNDS .— Funds made available to eligible recipients under this part shall be used to support ca-reer and technical education programs that are of sufficient size, scope, and quality to be effective and that— ‘‘(1) provide career exploration and career development activities through an orga-nized, systematic framework designed to aid students, including in the middle grades, be-fore enrolling and while participating in a career and technical education program, in making informed plans and decisions about future education and career opportunities and programs of study, which may include— ‘‘(A) introductory courses or activities fo-cused on career exploration and career awareness, including non-traditional fields; ‘‘(B) readily available career and labor market information, including information on— ‘‘(i) occupational supply and demand; ‘‘(ii) educational requirements; ‘‘(iii) other information on careers aligned to State, local, or Tribal (as applicable) eco-nomic priorities; and ‘‘(iv) employment sectors; ‘‘(C) programs and activities related to the development of student graduation and ca-reer plans; ‘‘(D) career guidance and academic coun-selors that provide information on postsec-ondary education and career options; ‘‘(E) any other activity that advances knowledge of career opportunities and as-sists students in making informed decisions about future education and employment goals, including non-traditional fields; or ‘‘(F) providing students with strong experi-ence in, and comprehensive understanding of, all aspects of an industry; ‘‘(2) provide professional development for teachers, faculty, school leaders, administra-tors, specialized instructional support per-sonnel, career guidance and academic coun-selors, or paraprofessionals, which may in-clude— ‘‘(A) professional development on sup-porting individualized academic and career and technical education instructional ap-proaches, including the integration of aca-demic and career and technical education standards and curricula; ‘‘(B) professional development on ensuring labor market information is used to inform the programs, guidance, and advisement of-fered to students, including information pro-vided under section 15(e)(2)(C) of the Wagner- Peyser Act (29 U.S.C. 49l–2(e)(2)(C)); ‘‘(C) providing teachers, faculty, school leaders, administrators, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, career guidance and academic counselors, or paraprofes-sionals, as appropriate, with opportunities to advance knowledge, skills, and under-standing of all aspects of an industry, includ-ing the latest workplace equipment, tech-nologies, standards, and credentials; ‘‘(D) supporting school leaders and admin-istrators in managing career and technical education programs in the schools, institu-tions, or local educational agencies of such school leaders or administrators; ‘‘(E) supporting the implementation of strategies to improve student achievement and close gaps in student participation and performance in career and technical edu-cation programs; ‘‘(F) providing teachers, faculty, special-ized instructional support personnel, career guidance and academic counselors, prin-cipals, school leaders, or paraprofessionals, as appropriate, with opportunities to ad-vance knowledge, skills, and understanding in pedagogical practices, including, to the extent the eligible recipient determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evi-dence-based pedagogical practices; ‘‘(G) training teachers, faculty, school leaders, administrators, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, career guidance and academic counselors, or paraprofes-sionals, as appropriate, to provide appro-priate accommodations for individuals with disabilities, and students with disabilities who are provided accommodations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.) or the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; ‘‘(H) training teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, career guid-ance and academic counselors, and para-professionals in frameworks to effectively teach students, including a particular focus on students with disabilities and English learners, which may include universal design for learning, multi-tier systems of supports, and positive behavioral interventions and support; or ‘‘(I) training for the effective use of com-munity spaces that provide access to tools, technology, and knowledge for learners and entrepreneurs, such as makerspaces or li-braries; ‘‘(3) provide within career and technical education the skills necessary to pursue ca-reers in high-skill, high-wage, or in-demand industry sectors or occupations; ‘‘(4) support integration of academic skills into career and technical education pro-grams and programs of study to support— ‘‘(A) CTE participants at the secondary school level in meeting the challenging State academic standards adopted under sec-tion 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 by the State in which the eligible recipient is located; and ‘‘(B) CTE participants at the postsec-ondary level in achieving academic skills; ‘‘(5) plan and carry out elements that sup-port the implementation of career and tech-nical education programs and programs of study and that result in increasing student achievement of the local levels of perform-ance established under section 113, which may include— ‘‘(A) a curriculum aligned with the require-ments for a program of study; ‘‘(B) sustainable relationships among edu-cation, business and industry, and other community stakeholders, including industry or sector partnerships in the local area, where applicable, that are designed to facili-tate the process of continuously updating and aligning programs of study with skills that are in demand in the State, regional, or local economy, and in collaboration with business outreach staff in one-stop centers, as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Inno-vation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102), and other appropriate organizations, includ-ing community-based and youth-serving or-ganizations; ‘‘(C) where appropriate, expanding opportu-nities for CTE concentrators to participate in accelerated learning programs (as de-scribed in section 4104(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7114(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV)), including dual or concurrent enrollment programs, early college high schools, and the develop-ment or implementation of articulation agreements as part of a career and technical education program of study; ‘‘(D) appropriate equipment, technology, and instructional materials (including sup-port for library resources) aligned with busi-ness and industry needs, including machin-ery, testing equipment, tools, implements, hardware and software, and other new and emerging instructional materials; ‘‘(E) a continuum of work-based learning opportunities, including simulated work en-vironments; ‘‘(F) industry-recognized certification ex-aminations or other assessments leading to-ward a recognized postsecondary credential; ‘‘(G) efforts to recruit and retain career and technical education program teachers, faculty, school leaders, administrators, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, ca-reer guidance and academic counselors, and paraprofessionals; ‘‘(H) where applicable, coordination with other education and workforce development programs and initiatives, including career pathways and sector partnerships developed under the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) and other Federal laws and initiatives that provide students with transition-related services, in-cluding the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; ‘‘(I) expanding opportunities for students to participate in distance career and tech-nical education and blended-learning pro-grams; ‘‘(J) expanding opportunities for students to participate in competency-based edu-cation programs; ‘‘(K) improving career guidance and aca-demic counseling programs that assist stu-dents in making informed academic and ca-reer and technical education decisions, in-cluding academic and financial aid coun-seling; ‘‘(L) supporting the integration of employ-ability skills into career and technical edu-cation programs and programs of study, in-cluding through family and consumer science programs; ‘‘(M) supporting programs and activities that increase access, student engagement, and success in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics fields (including com-puter science and architecture) for students who are members of groups underrepresented in such subject fields; ‘‘(N) providing career and technical edu-cation, in a school or other educational set-ting, for adults or out-of-school youth to complete secondary school education or up-grade technical skills; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5218 July 23, 2018 
‘‘(O) supporting career and technical stu-dent organizations, including student prepa-ration for and participation in technical skills competitions aligned with career and technical education program standards and curricula; ‘‘(P) making all forms of instructional con-tent widely available, which may include use of open educational resources; ‘‘(Q) supporting the integration of arts and design skills, when appropriate, into career and technical education programs and pro-grams of study; ‘‘(R) partnering with a qualified inter-mediary to improve training, the develop-ment of public-private partnerships, systems development, capacity-building, and scalability of the delivery of high-quality ca-reer and technical education; ‘‘(S) support to reduce or eliminate out-of- pocket expenses for special populations par-ticipating in career and technical education, including those participating in dual or con-current enrollment programs or early col-lege high school programs, and supporting the costs associated with fees, transpor-tation, child care, or mobility challenges for those special populations; or ‘‘(T) other activities to improve career and technical education programs; and ‘‘(6) develop and implement evaluations of the activities carried out with funds under this part, including evaluations necessary to complete the comprehensive needs assess-ment required under section 134(c) and the local report required under section 113(b)(4)(B). ‘‘(c) P
OOLING FUNDS .—An eligible recipient may pool a portion of funds received under this Act with a portion of funds received under this Act available to one or more eligi-ble recipients to support implementation of programs of study through the activities de-scribed in subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Each eligible recipient receiving funds under this part shall not use more than 5 percent of such funds for costs associated with the adminis-tration of activities under this section.’’. TITLE II—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 201. FEDERAL AND STATE ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Act (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 311— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and tech prep program activities’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), (C), or (D), in order for a State to receive its full allotment of funds under this Act for any fiscal year, the Sec-retary must find that the State’s fiscal effort per student, or the aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and tech-nical education for the preceding fiscal year was not less than the fiscal effort per stu-dent, or the aggregate expenditures of such State, for the second preceding fiscal year.’’; (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘shall exclude capital expenditures, special 1-time project costs, and the cost of pilot pro-grams.’’ and inserting ‘‘shall, at the request of the State, exclude competitive or incen-tive-based programs established by the State, capital expenditures, special one-time project costs, and the cost of pilot pro-grams.’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
STABLISHING THE STATE BASELINE .— For purposes of applying subparagraph (A) for years which require the calculation of the State’s fiscal effort per student, or ag-gregate expenditures of such State, with re-spect to career and technical education for the first full fiscal year following the date of enactment of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, the State may determine the State’s fis-cal effort per student, or aggregate expendi-tures of such State, with respect to career and technical education for such first full fiscal year by— ‘‘(i) continuing to use the State’s fiscal ef-fort per student, or aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and technical education, as was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Strengthening Career and Technical Edu-cation for the 21st Century Act; or ‘‘(ii) establishing a new level of fiscal ef-fort per student, or aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and technical education, which is not less than 95 percent of the State’s fiscal effort per stu-dent, or the aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and technical education for the preceding fiscal year.’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) FAILURE TO MEET .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-duce the amount of a State’s allotment of funds under this Act for any fiscal year in the exact proportion by which the State fails to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) by falling below the State’s fiscal effort per stu-dent or the State’s aggregate expenditures (using the measure most favorable to the State), if the State failed to meet such re-quirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the State) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—No such lesser amount shall be used for computing the effort re-quired under paragraph (1) for subsequent years. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive paragraph (2) due to exceptional or uncon-trollable circumstances affecting the ability of the State to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) such as a natural disaster or an unforeseen and precipitous decline in finan-cial resources. No level of funding permitted under such a waiver may be used as the basis for computing the fiscal effort or aggregate expenditures required under this section for years subsequent to the year covered by such waiver. The fiscal effort or aggregate ex-penditures for the subsequent years shall be computed on the basis of the level of funding that would, but for such waiver, have been required.’’; (2) in section 314(1), by striking ‘‘career path or major’’ and inserting ‘‘career path-way or program of study’’; (3) in section 315— (A) by inserting ‘‘or programs of study’’ after ‘‘career and technical education pro-grams’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘seventh grade’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the middle grades (as such term is de-fined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’; (4) in section 317(b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, including programs of study,’’ after ‘‘activities’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘who reside in the geo-graphical area served by’’ and inserting ‘‘in areas served by’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘the geographical area’’ and inserting ‘‘areas’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, including programs of study,’’ after ‘‘activities’’; (5) by striking title II and redesignating title III as title II; (6) by redesignating sections 311 through 318, as amended by this section, as sections 211 through 218, respectively; (7) by redesignating sections 321 through 324 as sections 221 through 224, respectively; and (8) by inserting after section 218 (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘SEC. 219. STUDY ON PROGRAMS OF STUDY ALIGNED TO HIGH-SKILL, HIGH- WAGE OCCUPATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S COPE OF STUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to evaluate— ‘‘(1) the strategies, components, policies, and practices used by eligible agencies or eli-gible recipients receiving funding under this Act to successfully assist— ‘‘(A) all students in pursuing and com-pleting programs of study aligned to high- skill, high-wage occupations; and ‘‘(B) any special population or specific sub-group of students identified in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 in pursuing and completing programs of study aligned to high-skill, high-wage occupations in fields in which such special population or subgroup is underrepresented; and ‘‘(2) any challenges associated with rep-lication of such strategies, components, poli-cies, and practices. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study conducted under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall consult with a geographically diverse (including urban, suburban, and rural) rep-resentation of— ‘‘(1) students and parents; ‘‘(2) eligible agencies and eligible recipi-ents; ‘‘(3) teachers, faculty, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, and paraprofes-sionals, including those with expertise in preparing career and technical education students for non-traditional fields; ‘‘(4) Indian Tribes and Tribal organiza-tions; ‘‘(5) special populations; and ‘‘(6) representatives of business and indus-try. ‘‘(c) S
UBMISSION .—Upon completion, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit the study conducted under sub-section (a) to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Sen-ate.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 8(a) (20 U.S.C. 2306a(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘311(b), and 323’’ and inserting ‘‘211(b), and 223’’. TITLE III—AMENDMENTS TO OTHER LAWS 
SEC. 301. AMENDMENTS TO THE WAGNER-PEYSER ACT. 
Section 15(e)(2) of the Wagner-Peyser Act (29 U.S.C. 49l–2(e)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) consult with eligible agencies (defined in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302)), State educational agencies, and local educational agencies concerning the provi-sion of workforce and labor market informa-tion in order to— ‘‘(i) meet the needs of secondary school and postsecondary school students who seek such information; and ‘‘(ii) annually inform the development and implementation of programs of study defined in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302), and career pathways;’’; (2) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5219 July 23, 2018 
‘‘(I) provide, on an annual and timely basis to each eligible agency (defined in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302)), the data and information described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1).’’. 
SEC. 302. AMENDMENTS TO THE ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT OF 1965. 
(1) Section 1111(h)(1)(C)(xiv) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(h)(1)(C)(xiv)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘attaining career and technical pro-ficiencies (as defined by section 113(b) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2323(b)) and re-ported by States only in a manner consistent with section 113(c) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 2323(c))’’ and inserting ‘‘meeting State deter-mined levels of performance for core indica-tors, as defined by section 113(b)(3)(A) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2323(b)(3)(A)), and reported by States only in a manner con-sistent with section 113(b)(3)(C) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 2323(b)(3)(C))’’. (2) Section 6115(b)(6) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7425(b)(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘tech-prep education, mentoring,’’ and inserting ‘‘men-toring’’. (3) Section 6304(a)(3)(K) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7544(a)(3)(K)) is amended by striking ‘‘tech-prep,’’. 
SEC. 303. AMENDMENT TO THE WORKFORCE IN-NOVATION AND OPPORTUNITY ACT. 
Section 134(c)(2)(A)(vii) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3174(c)(2)(A)(vii)) is amended by striking ‘‘school dropouts’’ and inserting ‘‘out-of- school youth’’. f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges of the floor be granted to my second session summer interns Max Varela, Nathaniel Baring, Tanner Dey, Jode Sparks, Sydney Cox, Janet Taylor, Hannah Villanueva, Piper Cooper, Bridget Nalam, Brynn Morse, Denae Benson, Sterling Gingerich, Kaiwi Eisenhour, Michael McCambridge, Al-exandra Bender, Selia Butler, and Johnathan Slife for the remainder of their session in July. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY RESEARCH AND INNOVATION ACT Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 405, H.R. 589. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 589) to establish Department of Energy policy for science and energy re-search and development programs, and re-form National Laboratory management and technology transfer programs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Mur-kowski amendment at the desk be agreed to and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3403) was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: To strike the provisions relating to nuclear energy innovation capabilities) Strike title IV. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 589), as amended, was passed. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY RESEARCH AND INNOVATION ACT Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 404, S. 2503. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2503) to establish Department of Energy policy for science and energy re-search and development programs, and re-form National Laboratory management and technology transfer programs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Mur-kowski amendment at the desk be agreed to and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3404) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To strike the provisions relating to nuclear energy innovation capabilities) Strike title IV. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 2503), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S. 2503 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Energy Research and In-novation Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—LABORATORY MODERNIZATION AND TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER Sec. 101. Short title. Sec. 102. Inclusion of early stage technology demonstration in authorized technology transfer activities. Sec. 103. Sense of Congress on accelerating energy innovation. Sec. 104. Restoration of laboratory directed research and development pro-gram. Sec. 105. Research grants database. Sec. 106. Technology transfer and transi-tions assessment. Sec. 107. Agreements for commercializing technology pilot program. Sec. 108. Short-term cost-share pilot pro-gram. TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY RESEARCH COORDINATION Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Protection of information. Sec. 203. Crosscutting research and develop-ment. Sec. 204. Strategic research portfolio anal-ysis and coordination plan. Sec. 205. Strategy for facilities and infra-structure. Sec. 206. Energy Innovation Hubs. TITLE III—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY OFFICE OF SCIENCE POLICY Sec. 301. Short title. Sec. 302. Mission. Sec. 303. Basic energy sciences. Sec. 304. Advanced scientific computing re-search. Sec. 305. High-energy physics. Sec. 306. Biological and environmental re-search. Sec. 307. Fusion energy. Sec. 308. Nuclear physics. Sec. 309. Science laboratories infrastructure program. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Energy. (2) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Science of the Department, except as otherwise indicated. (3) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Laboratory’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. TITLE I—LABORATORY MODERNIZATION AND TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act’’. 
SEC. 102. INCLUSION OF EARLY STAGE TECH-NOLOGY DEMONSTRATION IN AU-THORIZED TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ACTIVITIES. 
Section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) E
ARLY STAGE TECHNOLOGY DEM-
ONSTRATION .—The Secretary shall permit the directors of the National Laboratories to use funds authorized to support technology transfer within the Department to carry out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.019 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5220 July 23, 2018 
early stage and precommercial technology demonstration activities to remove tech-nology barriers that limit private sector in-terest and demonstrate potential commer-cial applications of any research and tech-nologies arising from National Laboratory activities.’’. 
SEC. 103. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ACCEL-ERATING ENERGY INNOVATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) although important progress has been made in cost reduction and deployment of clean energy technologies, accelerating clean energy innovation will help meet crit-ical competitiveness, energy security, and environmental goals; (2) accelerating the pace of clean energy innovation in the United States calls for— (A) supporting existing research and devel-opment programs at the Department and the world-class National Laboratories; (B) exploring and developing new pathways for innovators, investors, and decision-mak-ers to leverage the resources of the Depart-ment for addressing the challenges and com-parative strengths of geographic regions; and (C) recognizing the financial constraints of the Department, regularly reviewing clean energy programs to ensure that taxpayer in-vestments are maximized; (3) the energy supply, demand, policies, markets, and resource options of the United States vary by geographic region; (4) a regional approach to innovation can bridge the gaps between local talent, institu-tions, and industries to identify opportuni-ties and convert United States investment into domestic companies; and (5) Congress, the Secretary, and energy in-dustry participants should advance efforts that promote international, domestic, and regional cooperation on the research and de-velopment of energy innovations that— (A) provide clean, affordable, and reliable energy for everyone; (B) promote economic growth; (C) are critical for energy security; and (D) are sustainable without government support. 
SEC. 104. RESTORATION OF LABORATORY DI-RECTED RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary shall ensure that laboratory operating contractors do not allocate costs of general and administrative overhead to laboratory directed research and development. (b) E
XCEPTION FOR NATIONAL SECURITY LAB-
ORATORIES .—This section shall not apply to the national security laboratories with re-spect to which section 3119 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) applies. 
SEC. 105. RESEARCH GRANTS DATABASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish and maintain a public database, ac-cessible on the website of the Department, that contains a searchable listing of each un-classified research and development project contract, grant, cooperative agreement, task order for a federally funded research and de-velopment center, or other transaction ad-ministered by the Department. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each listing described in subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, for each listed project, the Depart-ment office carrying out the project, the project name, an abstract or summary of the project, funding levels, project duration, contractor or grantee name (including the names of any subcontractors), and expected objectives and milestones. (c) R
ELEVANT LITERATURE AND PATENTS .— The Secretary shall provide information through the public database established under subsection (a) on relevant literature and patents that are associated with each re-search and development project contract, grant, or cooperative agreement, or other transaction, of the Department. SEC. 106. TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER AND TRANSI-TIONS ASSESSMENT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, and as often as the Sec-retary determines to be necessary thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report that includes recommended changes to the policy of the Department and legislative changes to section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) to improve the ability of the Department to successfully transfer new en-ergy technologies to the private sector. 
SEC. 107. AGREEMENTS FOR COMMERCIALIZING TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the Agreements for Commercializing Technology pilot program of the Depart-ment, as announced by the Secretary on De-cember 8, 2011, in accordance with this sec-tion. (b) T
ERMS .—Each agreement entered into pursuant to the pilot program referred to in subsection (a) shall provide to the contractor of the applicable National Laboratory, to the maximum extent determined to be appro-priate by the Secretary, increased authority to negotiate contract terms, such as intellec-tual property rights, payment structures, performance guarantees, and multiparty col-laborations. (c) E
LIGIBILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any director of a National Laboratory may enter into an agreement pursuant to the pilot program referred to in subsection (a). (2) A
GREEMENTS WITH NON -FEDERAL ENTI -
TIES.—To carry out paragraph (1) and subject to paragraph (3), the Secretary shall permit the directors of the National Laboratories to execute agreements with a non-Federal enti-ty, including a non-Federal entity already receiving Federal funding that will be used to support activities under agreements exe-cuted pursuant to paragraph (1), provided that such funding is solely used to carry out the purposes of the Federal award. (3) R
ESTRICTION .—The requirements of chapter 18 of title 35, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Bayh-Dole Act’’) shall apply if— (A) the agreement is a funding agreement (as that term is defined in section 201 of that title); and (B) at least one of the parties to the fund-ing agreement is eligible to receive rights under that chapter. (d) S
UBMISSION TO SECRETARY .—Each af- fected director of a National Laboratory shall submit to the Secretary, with respect to each agreement entered into under this section— (1) a summary of information relating to the relevant project; (2) the total estimated costs of the project; (3) estimated commencement and comple-tion dates of the project; and (4) other documentation determined to be appropriate by the Secretary. (e) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall re-quire the contractor of the affected National Laboratory to certify that each activity car-ried out under a project for which an agree-ment is entered into under this section— (1) is not in direct competition with the private sector; and (2) does not present, or minimizes, any ap-parent conflict of interest, and avoids or neutralizes any actual conflict of interest, as a result of the agreement under this section. (f) E
XTENSION .—The pilot program referred to in subsection (a) shall be extended until September 30, 2019. (g) REPORTS .— (1) O
VERALL ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date described in subsection (f), the Secretary, in coordination with di-rectors of the National Laboratories, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that— (A) assesses the overall effectiveness of the pilot program referred to in subsection (a); (B) identifies opportunities to improve the effectiveness of the pilot program; (C) assesses the potential for program ac-tivities to interfere with the responsibilities of the National Laboratories to the Depart-ment; and (D) provides a recommendation regarding the future of the pilot program. (2) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Secretary, in co-ordination with directors of the National Laboratories, shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress an annual re-port that accounts for all incidences of, and provides a justification for, non-Federal en-tities using funds derived from a Federal contract or award to carry out agreements pursuant to this section. 
SEC. 108. SHORT-TERM COST-SHARE PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 988(b) of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION FOR INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER  
EDUCATION AND OTHER NONPROFIT INSTITU -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a research or development activity performed by an institution of higher edu-cation or nonprofit institution (as defined in section 4 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3703)). ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION DATE .—The exemption under subparagraph (A) shall apply during the 2-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this paragraph.’’. (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that de-scribes the use of cost-sharing waivers by the Department under section 988(b) of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352(b)) during the 2-year period ending on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Annually during the 2-year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that describes the use of cost-sharing waivers by the Department under section 988(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352(b)) during the period covered by the report. TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY RESEARCH COORDINATION 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Energy Research Coordination Act’’. 
SEC. 202. PROTECTION OF INFORMATION. 
Section 5012 of the America Competes Act (42 U.S.C. 16538) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘sub-section (n)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (o)(1)’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (n) as sub-section (o); and (3) by inserting after subsection (m) the following: ‘‘(n) P
ROTECTION OF INFORMATION .—The fol- lowing types of information collected by ARPA–E from recipients of financial assist-ance awards shall be considered commercial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.035 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5221 July 23, 2018 
and financial information obtained from a person and privileged or confidential and not subject to disclosure under section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code: ‘‘(1) Plans for commercialization of tech-nologies developed under the award, includ-ing business plans, technology-to-market plans, market studies, and cost and perform-ance models. ‘‘(2) Investments provided to an awardee from third parties (such as venture capital firms, hedge funds, and private equity firms), including amounts and the percentage of ownership of the awardee provided in return for the investments. ‘‘(3) Additional financial support that the awardee— ‘‘(A) plans to or has invested into the tech-nology developed under the award; or ‘‘(B) is seeking from third parties. ‘‘(4) Revenue from the licensing or sale of new products or services resulting from re-search conducted under the award.’’. 
SEC. 203. CROSSCUTTING RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall use the capabilities of the Department to iden-tify strategic opportunities for collaborative research, development, demonstration, and commercial application of innovative science and technologies. (b) E
XISTING PROGRAMS ; COORDINATION OF  A
CTIVITIES .—To the maximum extent prac-ticable, the Secretary shall seek— (1) to leverage existing programs of the De-partment; and (2) to consolidate and coordinate activities throughout the Department to promote col-laboration and crosscutting approaches with-in programs of the Department. (c) A
DDITIONAL ACTIONS .—The Secretary shall— (1) prioritize activities that use all afford-able domestic resources; (2) develop a planning, evaluation, and technical assessment framework for setting objective long-term strategic goals and eval-uating progress that— (A) ensures integrity and independence; and (B) provides the flexibility to adapt to market dynamics; (3) ensure that activities shall be under-taken in a manner that does not duplicate other activities within the Department or other Federal Government activities; and (4) identify programs that may be more ef-fectively left to the States, industry, non-governmental organizations, institutions of higher education, or other stakeholders. 
SEC. 204. STRATEGIC RESEARCH PORTFOLIO ANALYSIS AND COORDINATION PLAN. 
The Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by striking section 994 (42 U.S.C. 16358) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 994. STRATEGIC RESEARCH PORTFOLIO ANALYSIS AND COORDINATION PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pe-riodically review all of the science and tech-nology activities of the Department in a strategic framework that takes into ac-count— ‘‘(1) the frontiers of science to which the Department can contribute; ‘‘(2) the national needs relevant to the statutory missions of the Department; and ‘‘(3) global energy dynamics. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION ANALYSIS AND PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the review under subsection (a), the Secretary shall de-velop a plan to improve coordination and collaboration in research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application ac-tivities across organizational boundaries of the Department. ‘‘(2) P
LAN CONTENTS .—The plan developed under paragraph (1) shall describe— ‘‘(A) crosscutting scientific and technical issues and research questions that span more than one program or major office of the De-partment; ‘‘(B) ways in which the applied technology programs of the Department are coordi-nating activities and addressing the ques-tions referred to in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) ways in which the technical inter-change within the Department, particularly between the Office of Science and the applied technology programs, could be enhanced, in-cluding ways in which the research agendas of the Office of Science and the applied pro-grams could better interact and assist each other; ‘‘(D) ways in which the Secretary would ensure that the overall research agenda of the Department includes, in addition to fun-damental, curiosity-driven research, funda-mental research related to topics of concern to the applied programs, and applications in Departmental technology programs of re-search results generated by fundamental, cu-riosity-driven research; ‘‘(E) critical assessments of any ongoing programs that have experienced subpar per-formance or cost overruns of 10 percent or more over one or more years; ‘‘(F) any activities that may be more effec-tively left to the States, industry, non-governmental organizations, institutions of higher education, or other stakeholders; and ‘‘(G) detailed evaluations and proposals for innovation hubs, institutes, and research centers of the Department, including— ‘‘(i) an affirmation that the hubs, insti-tutes, and research centers will— ‘‘(I) advance the mission of the Depart-ment; and ‘‘(II) prioritize research, development, and demonstration; and ‘‘(ii) an affirmation that any hubs, insti-tutes, or research centers that are estab-lished or renewed within the Office of Science are consistent with the mission of the Office of Science described in subsection (c) of section 209 of the Department of En-ergy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139). ‘‘(c) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Every 4 years, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress— ‘‘(1) the results of the review under sub-section (a); and ‘‘(2) the coordination plan under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 205. STRATEGY FOR FACILITIES AND INFRA-STRUCTURE. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 993 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16357) is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and in-serting the following: ‘‘
STRATEGY FOR FACILI -
TIES AND INFRASTRUCTURE ’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘2008’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by striking the item relating to section 993 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 993. Strategy for facilities and infra-structure.’’. 
SEC. 206. ENERGY INNOVATION HUBS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DVANCED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘advanced energy technology’’ means— (A) an innovative technology— (i) that produces energy from solar, wind, geothermal, biomass, tidal, wave, ocean, or other renewable energy resources; (ii) that produces nuclear energy; (iii) for carbon capture and sequestration; (iv) that enables advanced vehicles, vehicle components, and related technologies that result in significant energy savings; (v) that generates, transmits, distributes, uses, or stores energy more efficiently than conventional technologies, including through Smart Grid technologies; or (vi) that enhances the energy independence and security of the United States by ena-bling improved or expanded supply and pro-duction of domestic energy resources, in-cluding coal, oil, and natural gas; (B) a research, development, demonstra-tion, or commercial application activity nec-essary to ensure the long-term, secure, and sustainable supply of an energy-critical ele-ment; or (C) any other innovative energy tech-nology area identified by the Secretary. (2) HUB.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Hub’’ means an Energy Innovation Hub established under this section. (B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘‘Hub’’ includes any Energy Innovation Hub in existence on the date of enactment of this Act. (3) Q
UALIFYING ENTITY .—The term ‘‘quali-fying entity’’ means— (A) an institution of higher education; (B) an appropriate State or Federal entity, including a federally funded research and de-velopment center of the Department; (C) a nongovernmental organization with expertise in advanced energy technology re-search, development, demonstration, or com-mercial application; or (D) any other relevant entity the Sec-retary determines appropriate. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a program to enhance the economic, en-vironmental, and energy security of the United States by making awards to con-sortia for establishing and operating hubs, to be known as ‘‘Energy Innovation Hubs’’, to conduct and support, at, if practicable, one centralized location, multidisciplinary, col-laborative research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application of advanced energy technologies. (2) T
ECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT FOCUS .—The Secretary shall designate for each Hub a unique advanced energy technology or basic research focus. (3) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall en-sure the coordination of, and avoid unneces-sary duplication of, the activities of each Hub with the activities of— (A) other research entities of the Depart-ment, including the National Laboratories, the Advanced Research Projects Agency— Energy, and Energy Frontier Research Cen-ters; and (B) industry. (c) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .— (1) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive an award for the establishment and oper-ation of a Hub under subsection (b)(1), a con-sortium shall— (A) be composed of not fewer than two qualifying entities; (B) operate subject to a binding agreement, entered into by each member of the consor-tium, that documents— (i) the proposed partnership agreement, in-cluding the governance and management structure of the Hub; (ii) measures the consortium will under-take to enable cost-effective implementation of activities under the program described in subsection (b)(1); and (iii) a proposed budget, including financial contributions from non-Federal sources; and (C) operate as a nonprofit organization. (2) A
PPLICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A consortium seeking to establish and operate a Hub under subsection (b)(1) shall submit to the Secretary an appli-cation at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may require, including a detailed de-scription of each element of the consortium agreement required under paragraph (1)(B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.035 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5222 July 23, 2018 
(B) R EQUIREMENT .—If the consortium mem-bers will not be located at one centralized lo-cation, the application under subparagraph (A) shall include a communications plan that ensures close coordination and integration of Hub activities. (3) S
ELECTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall se-lect consortia for awards for the establish-ment and operation of Hubs through a com-petitive selection process. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In selecting con-sortia under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider— (i) the information disclosed by the consor-tium under this subsection; and (ii) any existing facilities a consortium will provide for Hub activities. (d) T
ERM.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An award made to a Hub under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, subject to the availability of appropriations, after which the award may be renewed, subject to a rigorous merit re-view. (2) E
XISTING HUBS .—A Hub already in exist-ence on, or undergoing a renewal process on, the date of enactment of this Act— (A) may continue to receive support during the 5-year period beginning on the date of es-tablishment of that Hub; and (B) shall be eligible for renewal of that sup-port at the end of that 5-year period. (e) H
UBOPERATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Hub shall conduct or provide for multidisciplinary, collaborative research, development, demonstration, and commercial application of advanced energy technologies within the technology develop-ment focus designated under subsection (b)(2). (2) A
CTIVITIES .—Each Hub shall— (A) encourage collaboration and commu-nication among the member qualifying enti-ties of the consortium and awardees; (B) develop and publish proposed plans and programs on a publicly accessible website; (C) submit an annual report to the Depart-ment summarizing the activities of the Hub, including— (i) detailing organizational expenditures; and (ii) describing each project undertaken by the Hub; and (D) monitor project implementation and coordination. (3) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—Each Hub shall maintain conflict of interest proce-dures, consistent with the conflict of inter-est procedures of the Department. (4) P
ROHIBITION ON CONSTRUCTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B)— (i) no funds provided under this section may be used for construction of new build-ings or facilities for Hubs; and (ii) construction of new buildings or facili-ties shall not be considered as part of the non-Federal share of a Hub cost-sharing agreement. (B) T
EST BED AND RENOVATION EXCEPTION .— Nothing in this paragraph prohibits the use of funds provided under this section or non- Federal cost share funds for the construction of a test bed or renovations to existing build-ings or facilities for the purposes of research if the Secretary determines that the test bed or renovations are limited to a scope and scale necessary for the research to be con-ducted. TITLE III—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY OFFICE OF SCIENCE POLICY 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Energy Office of Science Policy Act’’. SEC. 302. MISSION. 
Section 209 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Office of Science shall be the delivery of scientific dis-coveries, capabilities, and major scientific tools to transform the understanding of na-ture and to advance the energy, economic, and national security of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 303. BASIC ENERGY SCIENCES. 
(a) E NERGY FRONTIER RESEARCH CENTERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry out a program to provide awards, on a com-petitive, merit-reviewed basis, to multi-in-stitutional collaborations or other appro-priate entities to conduct fundamental and use-inspired energy research to accelerate scientific breakthroughs. (2) C
OLLABORATIONS .—A collaboration re-ceiving an award under this subsection may include multiple types of institutions and private sector entities. (3) S
ELECTION AND DURATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A collaboration under this subsection shall be selected for a period of 4 years. (B) E
XISTING CENTERS .—An Energy Fron-tier Research Center in existence and sup-ported by the Director on the date of enact-ment of this Act may continue to receive support for a period of 4 years beginning on the date of establishment of that center. (C) R
EAPPLICATION .—After the end of the period described in subparagraph (A) or (B), as applicable, a recipient of an award may reapply for selection on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis. (D) T
ERMINATION .—Consistent with the ex-isting authorities of the Department, the Di-rector may terminate an underperforming center for cause during the performance pe-riod. (4) N
O FUNDING FOR CONSTRUCTION .—No funding provided pursuant to this subsection may be used for the construction of new buildings or facilities. (b) B
ASIC ENERGY SCIENCES USER FACILI -
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry out a program for the development, con-struction, operation, and maintenance of na-tional user facilities. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To the maximum ex-tent practicable, the national user facilities developed, constructed, operated, or main-tained under paragraph (1) shall serve the needs of the Department, industry, the aca-demic community, and other relevant enti-ties to create and examine materials and chemical processes for the purpose of im-proving the competitiveness of the United States. (3) I
NCLUDED FACILITIES .—The national user facilities developed, constructed, operated, or maintained under paragraph (1) shall in-clude— (A) x-ray light sources; (B) neutron sources; (C) nanoscale science research centers; and (D) such other facilities as the Director considers appropriate, consistent with sec-tion 209 of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7139). (c) A
CCELERATOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Director shall carry out research and development on advanced accelerator and storage ring technologies relevant to the development of basic energy sciences user fa-cilities, in consultation with the High En-ergy Physics and Nuclear Physics programs of the Office of Science. (d) S
OLAR FUELS RESEARCH INITIATIVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 973 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16313) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 973. SOLAR FUELS RESEARCH INITIATIVE. 
‘‘(a) I NITIATIVE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a research initiative, to be known as the ‘Solar Fuels Research Initiative’ (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘Initiative’) to expand theoretical and fundamental knowl-edge of photochemistry, electrochemistry, biochemistry, and materials science useful for the practical development of experi-mental systems to convert solar energy to chemical energy. ‘‘(2) L
EVERAGING .—In carrying out pro-grams and activities under the Initiative, the Secretary shall leverage expertise and resources from— ‘‘(A) the Basic Energy Sciences Program and the Biological and Environmental Re-search Program of the Office of Science; and ‘‘(B) the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. ‘‘(3) T
EAMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Ini-tiative, the Secretary shall organize activi-ties among multidisciplinary teams to lever-age, to the maximum extent practicable, ex-pertise from the National Laboratories, in-stitutions of higher education, and the pri-vate sector. ‘‘(B) G
OALS .—The multidisciplinary teams described in subparagraph (A) shall pursue aggressive, milestone-driven, basic research goals. ‘‘(C) R
ESOURCES .—The Secretary shall pro-vide sufficient resources to the multidisci-plinary teams described in subparagraph (A) to achieve the goals described in subpara-graph (B) over a period of time to be deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—The Sec-retary may organize additional activities under this subsection through Energy Fron-tier Research Centers, Energy Innovation Hubs, or other organizational structures. ‘‘(b) A
RTIFICIAL PHOTOSYNTHESIS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out under the Initiative a program to support research needed to bridge scientific barriers to, and discover knowledge relevant to, artificial photosynthetic systems. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—As part of the program described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the Director of the Office of Basic En-ergy Sciences shall support basic research to pursue distinct lines of scientific inquiry, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) photoinduced production of hydrogen and oxygen from water; and ‘‘(ii) the sustainable photoinduced reduc-tion of carbon dioxide to fuel products in-cluding hydrocarbons, alcohols, carbon mon-oxide, and natural gas; and ‘‘(B) the Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy shall sup-port translational research, development, and validation of physical concepts devel-oped under the program. ‘‘(3) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—The Secretary shall review activities carried out under the program described in paragraph (1) to deter-mine the achievement of technical mile-stones. ‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds allocated to the program described in paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended for commercial ap-plication of energy technology. ‘‘(c) B
IOCHEMISTRY , REPLICATION OF NAT-
URAL PHOTOSYNTHESIS , AND RELATED PROC-
ESSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out under the Initiative a program to support research needed to replicate natural photosynthetic processes by use of artificial photosynthetic components and materials. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—As part of the program described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the Director of the Office of Basic En-ergy Sciences shall support basic research to expand fundamental knowledge to replicate natural synthesis processes, including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.035 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5223 July 23, 2018 
‘‘(i) the photoinduced reduction of dinitrogen to ammonia; ‘‘(ii) the absorption of carbon dioxide from ambient air; ‘‘(iii) molecular-based charge separation and storage; ‘‘(iv) photoinitiated electron transfer; and ‘‘(v) catalysis in biological or biomimetic systems; ‘‘(B) the Associate Director of Biological and Environmental Research shall support systems biology and genomics approaches to understand genetic and physiological path-ways connected to photosynthetic mecha-nisms; and ‘‘(C) the Assistant Secretary for Energy Ef-ficiency and Renewable Energy shall support translational research, development, and validation of physical concepts developed under the program. ‘‘(3) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—The Secretary shall review activities carried out under the program described in paragraph (1) to deter-mine the achievement of technical mile-stones. ‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds allocated to the program described in paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended for commercial ap-plication of energy technology.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by striking the item relating to section 973 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 973. Solar fuels research initiative.’’. (e) E
LECTRICITY STORAGE RESEARCH INITIA -
TIVE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 975 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16315) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 975. ELECTRICITY STORAGE RESEARCH INI-TIATIVE. 
‘‘(a) I NITIATIVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a research initiative, to be known as the ‘Electricity Storage Research Initia-tive’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Ini-tiative’)— ‘‘(A) to expand theoretical and funda-mental knowledge to control, store, and con-vert— ‘‘(i) electrical energy to chemical energy; and ‘‘(ii) chemical energy to electrical energy; and ‘‘(B) to support scientific inquiry into the practical understanding of chemical and physical processes that occur within systems involving crystalline and amorphous solids, polymers, and organic and aqueous liquids. ‘‘(2) L
EVERAGING .—In carrying out pro-grams and activities under the Initiative, the Secretary shall leverage expertise and resources from— ‘‘(A) the Basic Energy Sciences Program, the Advanced Scientific Computing Research Program, and the Biological and Environ-mental Research Program of the Office of Science; and ‘‘(B) the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. ‘‘(3) T
EAMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Ini-tiative, the Secretary shall organize activi-ties among multidisciplinary teams to lever-age, to the maximum extent practicable, ex-pertise from the National Laboratories, in-stitutions of higher education, and the pri-vate sector. ‘‘(B) G
OALS .—The multidisciplinary teams described in subparagraph (A) shall pursue aggressive, milestone-driven, basic research goals. ‘‘(C) R
ESOURCES .—The Secretary shall pro-vide sufficient resources to the multidisci-plinary teams described in subparagraph (A) to achieve the goals described in subpara-graph (B) over a period of time to be deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—The Sec-retary may organize additional activities under this subsection through Energy Fron-tier Research Centers, Energy Innovation Hubs, or other organizational structures. ‘‘(b) M
ULTIVALENT SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out under the Initiative a program to support research needed to bridge scientific barriers to, and discover knowledge relevant to, multivalent ion materials in electric en-ergy storage systems. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—As part of the program described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the Director of the Office of Basic En-ergy Sciences shall investigate electro-chemical properties and the dynamics of ma-terials, including charge transfer phenomena and mass transport in materials; and ‘‘(B) the Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy shall sup-port translational research, development, and validation of physical concepts devel-oped under the program. ‘‘(3) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—The Secretary shall review activities carried out under the program described in paragraph (1) to deter-mine the achievement of technical mile-stones. ‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds allocated to the program described in paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended for commercial ap-plication of energy technology. ‘‘(c) E
LECTROCHEMISTRY MODELING AND SIM-
ULATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out under the Initiative a program to support research to model and simulate or-ganic electrolytes, including the static and dynamic electrochemical behavior and phe-nomena of organic electrolytes at the molec-ular and atomic level in monovalent and multivalent systems. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—As part of the program described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the Director of the Office of Basic En-ergy Sciences, in coordination with the Asso-ciate Director of Advanced Scientific Com-puting Research, shall support the develop-ment of high performance computational tools through a joint development process to maximize the effectiveness of current and projected high performance computing sys-tems; and ‘‘(B) the Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy shall sup-port translational research, development, and validation of physical concepts devel-oped under the program. ‘‘(3) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—The Secretary shall review activities carried out under the program described in paragraph (1) to deter-mine the achievement of technical mile-stones. ‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds allocated to the program described in paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended for commercial ap-plication of energy technology. ‘‘(d) M
ESOSCALE ELECTROCHEMISTRY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out under the Initiative a program to support research needed to reveal electro-chemistry in confined mesoscale spaces, in-cluding scientific discoveries relevant to— ‘‘(A) bio-electrochemistry and electro-chemical energy conversion and storage in confined spaces; and ‘‘(B) the dynamics of the phenomena de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—As part of the program described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the Director of the Office of Basic En-ergy Sciences and the Associate Director of Biological and Environmental Research shall investigate phenomena of mesoscale electro-chemical confinement for the purpose of rep-licating and controlling new electrochemical behavior; and ‘‘(B) the Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy shall sup-port translational research, development, and validation of physical concepts devel-oped under the program. ‘‘(3) STANDARD OF REVIEW .—The Secretary shall review activities carried out under the program described in paragraph (1) to deter-mine the achievement of technical mile-stones. ‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds allocated to the program described in paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended for commercial ap-plication of energy technology.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by striking the item relating to section 975 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 975. Electricity storage research ini-tiative.’’. 
SEC. 304. ADVANCED SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING RE-SEARCH. 
(a) A MERICAN SUPER COMPUTING LEADER -
SHIP.— (1) R
ENAMING OF ACT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1 of the Depart-ment of Energy High-End Computing Revi-talization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5501 note; Public Law 108–423) is amended by striking ‘‘Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘American Super Computing Leadership Act of 2017’’. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 976(a)(1) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16316(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘De-partment of Energy High-End Computing Re-vitalization Act of 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘American Super Computing Leadership Act of 2017’’. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the Amer-ican Super Computing Leadership Act of 2017 (15 U.S.C. 5541) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (6), re-spectively; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ means the Department of Energy. ‘‘(2) E
XASCALE COMPUTING .—The term ‘exascale computing’ means computing through the use of a computing machine that performs near or above 10 to the 18th power operations per second.’’; and (C) in paragraph (6) (as redesignated by subparagraph (A)), by striking ‘‘, acting through the Director of the Office of Science of the Department of Energy’’. (3) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY HIGH -END COM -
PUTING RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO -
GRAM .—Section 3 of the American Super Computing Leadership Act of 2017 (15 U.S.C. 5542) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘pro-gram’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinated program across the Department’’; (B) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘, which may’’ and all that follows through ‘‘architectures’’; and (C) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) E
XASCALE COMPUTING PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a research program (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Program’) for exascale computing, including the development of two or more exascale computing machine ar-chitectures, to promote the missions of the Department. ‘‘(2) E
XECUTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Pro-gram, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) establish two or more National Lab-oratory partnerships with industry partners and institutions of higher education for the research and development of two or more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.035 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5224 July 23, 2018 
exascale computing architectures across all applicable organizations of the Department; ‘‘(ii) conduct mission-related codesign ac-tivities in developing the exascale com-puting architectures under clause (i); ‘‘(iii) develop such advancements in hard-ware and software technology as are required to fully realize the potential of an exascale production system in addressing Department target applications and solving scientific problems involving predictive modeling and simulation and large scale data analytics and management; ‘‘(iv) explore the use of exascale computing technologies to advance a broad range of science and engineering; and ‘‘(v) provide, as appropriate, on a competi-tive, merit-reviewed basis, access for re-searchers in industries in the United States, institutions of higher education, National Laboratories, and other Federal agencies to the exascale computing systems developed pursuant to clause (i). ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION OF PARTNERS .—The Sec- retary shall select the partnerships with the computing facilities of the Department under subparagraph (A) through a competi-tive, peer-review process. ‘‘(3) C
ODESIGN AND APPLICATION DEVELOP -
MENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) carry out the Program through an in-tegration of applications, computer science, applied mathematics, and computer hard-ware architecture using the partnerships es-tablished pursuant to paragraph (2) to ensure that, to the maximum extent practicable, two or more exascale computing machine ar-chitectures are capable of solving Depart-ment target applications and broader sci-entific problems, including predictive mod-eling and simulation and large scale data analytics and management; and ‘‘(ii) conduct outreach programs to in-crease the readiness for the use of such plat-forms by domestic industries, including manufacturers. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing— ‘‘(i) how the integration under subpara-graph (A) is furthering application science data and computational workloads across ap-plication interests, including national secu-rity, material science, physical science, cy-bersecurity, biological science, the Materials Genome and BRAIN Initiatives of the Presi-dent, advanced manufacturing, and the na-tional electric grid; and ‘‘(ii) the roles and responsibilities of Na-tional Laboratories and industry, including the definition of the roles and responsibil-ities within the Department to ensure an in-tegrated program across the Department. ‘‘(4) P
ROJECT REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The exascale architec-tures developed pursuant to partnerships es-tablished pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be reviewed through a project review process. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on— ‘‘(i) the results of the review conducted under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) the coordination and management of the Program to ensure an integrated re-search program across the Department. ‘‘(5) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—At the time of the budget submission of the Department for each fiscal year, the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the members of the partnerships established pursuant to paragraph (2), shall submit to Congress a report that describes funding for the Program as a whole by func-tional element of the Department and crit-ical milestones.’’. (b) H
IGH-PERFORMANCE COMPUTING AND  N
ETWORKING RESEARCH .—The Director shall support research in high-performance com-puting and networking relevant to energy applications, including modeling, simula-tion, and advanced data analytics for basic and applied energy research programs car-ried out by the Secretary. (c) APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND SOFTWARE  D
EVELOPMENT FOR HIGH-ENDCOMPUTING SYS-
TEMS .—The Director shall carry out activi-ties to develop, test, and support— (1) mathematics, models, and algorithms for complex systems and programming envi-ronments; and (2) tools, languages, and operating systems for high-end computing systems (as defined in section 2 of the American Super Com-puting Leadership Act of 2017 (15 U.S.C. 5541)). 
SEC. 305. HIGH-ENERGY PHYSICS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Director should incorporate the findings and recommendations of the report of the Particle Physics Project Prioritization Panel entitled ‘‘Building for Discovery: Strategic Plan for U.S. Particle Physics in the Global Context’’ into the planning process of the Department; and (2) the nations that lead in particle physics by hosting international teams dedicated to a common scientific goal attract the world’s best talent and inspire future generations of physicists and technologists. (b) I
NTERNATIONAL COLLABORATION .—The Director, as practicable and in coordination with other appropriate Federal agencies as necessary, shall ensure the access of United States researchers to the most advanced ac-celerator facilities and research capabilities in the world, including the Large Hadron Collider. (c) N
EUTRINO RESEARCH .—The Director shall carry out research activities on rare decay processes and the nature of the neu-trino, which may include collaborations with the National Science Foundation or inter-national collaborations. (d) D
ARK ENERGY AND DARK MATTER RE-
SEARCH .—The Director shall carry out re-search activities on the nature of dark en-ergy and dark matter, which may include collaborations with the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration or the Na-tional Science Foundation; or international collaborations. 
SEC. 306. BIOLOGICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RE-SEARCH. 
(a) B IOLOGICAL SYSTEMS .—The Director shall carry out research and development ac-tivities in fundamental, structural, com-putational, and systems biology to increase systems-level understanding of the complex biological systems, which may include ac-tivities— (1) to accelerate breakthroughs and new knowledge that would enable the cost-effec-tive, sustainable production of— (A) biomass-based liquid transportation fuels; (B) bioenergy; and (C) biobased materials; (2) to improve understanding of the global carbon cycle, including processes for remov-ing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, through photosynthesis and other biological processes, for sequestration and storage; and (3) to understand the biological mecha-nisms used to transform, immobilize, or re-move contaminants from subsurface environ-ments. (b) L
IMITATION FOR RESEARCH FUNDS .—The Director shall not approve new climate science-related initiatives without making a determination that such work is well-coordi-nated with any relevant work carried out by other Federal agencies. (c) L
OW-DOSE RADIATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Director shall carry out a research program on low-dose radi-ation. (2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the program is to enhance the scientific understanding of, and reduce uncertainties associated with, the effects of exposure to low-dose radiation to inform improved risk-management meth-ods. 
SEC. 307. FUSION ENERGY. 
(a) F USION MATERIALS RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT .—As part of the activities au-thorized in section 978 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16318)— (1) the Director, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for Nuclear Energy of the Department, shall carry out research and development activities to identify, charac-terize, and demonstrate materials that can endure the neutron, plasma, and heat fluxes expected in a fusion power system; and (2) the Director shall provide an assess-ment of— (A) the need for one or more facilities that can examine and test potential fusion and next generation fission materials and other enabling technologies relevant to the devel-opment of fusion power; and (B) whether a single new facility that sub-stantially addresses magnetic fusion and next generation fission materials research needs is feasible, in conjunction with the ex-pected capabilities of facilities operational as of the date of enactment of this Act. (b) T
OKAMAK RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Director shall support research and development activities and facility oper-ations to optimize the tokamak approach to fusion energy. (c) I
NERTIAL FUSION ENERGY RESEARCH AND  D
EVELOPMENT .—The Director shall support research and development activities for iner-tial fusion for energy applications. (d) A
LTERNATIVE AND ENABLING CON-
CEPTS .—The Director shall support research and development activities and facility oper-ations at institutions of higher education, National Laboratories, and private facilities in the United States for a portfolio of alter-native and enabling fusion energy concepts that may provide solutions to significant challenges to the establishment of a com-mercial magnetic fusion power plant, prioritized based on the ability of the United States to play a leadership role in the inter-national fusion research community. (e) C
OORDINATION WITHARPA–E.—The Di-rector shall coordinate with the Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency–En-ergy (referred to in this subsection as ‘‘ARPA–E’’) to— (1) assess the potential for any fusion en-ergy project supported by ARPA–E to rep-resent a promising approach to a commer-cially viable fusion power plant; (2) determine whether the results of any fusion energy project supported by ARPA–E merit the support of follow-on research ac-tivities carried out by the Office of Science; and (3) avoid the unintentional duplication of activities. (f) F
AIRNESS IN COMPETITION FOR SOLICITA -
TIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL PROJECT ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 33 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2053) is amended by insert-ing before the first sentence the following: ‘‘In this section, with respect to inter-national research projects, the term ‘private facilities or laboratories’ means facilities or laboratories located in the United States.’’. (g) I
DENTIFICATION OF PRIORITIES .— (1) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the fusion energy research and develop-ment activities that the Department pro-poses to carry out over the 10-year period 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.035 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5225 July 23, 2018 
following the date of the report under not fewer than 3 realistic budget scenarios, in-cluding a scenario based on 3-percent annual growth in the non-ITER portion of the budg-et for fusion energy research and develop-ment activities. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The report required under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) identify specific areas of fusion energy research and enabling technology develop-ment in which the United States can and should establish or solidify a lead in the global fusion energy development effort; (ii) identify priorities for initiation of fa-cility construction and facility decommis-sioning under each of the three budget sce-narios described in subparagraph (A); and (iii) assess the ability of the fusion work-force of the United States to carry out the activities identified under clauses (i) and (ii), including the adequacy of programs at insti-tutions of higher education in the United States to train the leaders and workers of the next generation of fusion energy re-searchers. (2) P
ROCESS .—In order to develop the re-port required under paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall leverage best practices and lessons learned from the process used to de-velop the most recent report of the Particle Physics Project Prioritization Panel of the High Energy Physics Advisory Panel. (3) R
EQUIREMENT .—No member of the Fu-sion Energy Sciences Advisory Committee shall be excluded from participating in de-veloping or voting on final approval of the report required under paragraph (1)(A). 
SEC. 308. NUCLEAR PHYSICS. 
(a) I SOTOPE DEVELOPMENT AND PRODUCTION  
FOR RESEARCH APPLICATIONS .—The Direc-tor— (1) may carry out a program for the pro-duction of isotopes, including the develop-ment of techniques to produce isotopes, that the Secretary determines are needed for re-search, medical, industrial, or related pur-poses; and (2) shall ensure that isotope production ac-tivities carried out under the program under this paragraph do not compete with private industry unless the Director determines that critical national interests require the in-volvement of the Federal Government. (b) R
ENAMING OF THE RAREISOTOPE ACCEL-
ERATOR .—Section 981 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16321) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
RARE ISOTOPE ACCELERATOR ’’ and inserting ‘‘
FACILITY FOR RARE ISOTOPE BEAMS ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Rare Isotope Accelerator’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Facility for Rare Isotope Beams’’. 
SEC. 309. SCIENCE LABORATORIES INFRASTRUC-TURE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director shall carry out a program to improve the safety, effi-ciency, and mission readiness of infrastruc-ture at laboratories of the Office of Science. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The program under sub-section (a) shall include projects— (1) to renovate or replace space that does not meet research needs; (2) to replace facilities that are no longer cost effective to renovate or operate; (3) to modernize utility systems to prevent failures and ensure efficiency; (4) to remove excess facilities to allow safe and efficient operations; and (5) to construct modern facilities to con-duct advanced research in controlled envi-ronmental conditions. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. STRENGTHENING CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY ACT Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2353 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 2353) to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous consent that the Alexander substitute amendment at the desk be agreed to and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3408) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 2353), as amended, was passed. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JULY 24, 2018 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 24; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of H.R. 6147; finally, that the Sen-ate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:53 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, July 24, 2018, at 10 a.m. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  
CHRISTOPHER P. VINCZE, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OVER-SEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 17, 2019, VICE TODD A. FISHER, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
EARL ROBERT MILLER, OF MICHIGAN, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF BANGLADESH. 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
KATHE HICKS ALBRECHT, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMAN-ITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2024, VICE BRUCE R. SIEVERS, TERM EXPIRED. KEEGAN F. CALLANAN, OF VERMONT, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2024, VICE MANFREDI PICCOLOMINI, RESIGNED. DAVID ARMAND DEKEYSER, OF ALABAMA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMAN-ITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2020, VICE DAWN HO DELBANCO, TERM EXPIRED. KIM R. HOLMES, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2022, VICE PAULA BARKER DUFFY, TERM EXPIRED. PHYLLIS KAMINSKY, OF ARIZONA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2020, VICE ADELE LOGAN ALEXANDER, TERM EXPIRED. JEAN M. YARBROUGH, OF MAINE, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2022, VICE MARTHA WAG-NER WEINBERG, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
STEVEN DILLINGHAM, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE CENSUS FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2021, VICE JOHN H. THOMPSON, TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE, AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 8039: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. STEVEN A. SCHAICK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RONALD M. HARVELL 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CHARLES L. KNOWLES 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
STEVEN J. NORDEEN STEPHANIE E. WILSON 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS CHAPLAINS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
DAWUD A. A. AGBERE EDDIE W. COOK RONALD E. COOPER, JR. BRIAN P. CRANE LANE J. CREAMER LAWRENCE M. DABECK KEVIN L. GUTHRIE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.035 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5226 July 23, 2018 
CHARLES E. HAMLIN PAUL R. JAEDICKE CARRON A. JONES MOON H. KIM KRZYSZTOF A. KOPEC VAIOA T. LEAU WILLIAM A. LOVELL SHAWN E. MCCAMMON STEVEN J. MOSER STEVE W. PROST KHALLID M. SHABAZZ MARK A. STEWART D010823 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
CYNTHIA A. HOPKINS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
MICHAEL J. LOOMIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
LATONIA M. MAHNKE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JUSTIN A. EVISON 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate July 23, 2018: DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
ROBERT L. WILKIE, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE SEC-RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on July 23, 2018 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
CHRISTOPHER R. SHARPLEY, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE IN-SPECTOR GENERAL, CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, VICE DAVID B. BUCKLEY, RESIGNED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON SEPTEMBER 5, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.005 S23JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1041 July 23, 2018 
HONORING JAMES DRUMRIGHT 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize James Drumright. James is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1096, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. James has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years James has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, James has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending James for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING JAMES MOLONEY, VI 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize James Moloney, VI. James is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizen-ship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1096, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. James has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years James has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, James has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending James for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF MR. GEOFF LAREDO 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Mr. Geoff Laredo in recognition of his retirement after many years of dedication to the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA). I have come to know and respect Mr. La-redo through our shared mission to combat the nation’s opioid epidemic. Geoff is a true leader in the field and has been a trusted ad-visor to his boss and my dear friend, Dr. Nora Volkow, but also to me and my staff. He has a wealth of institutional knowledge and his de-parture will surely leave a void in the heralded halls of NIDA. Mr. Laredo graduated with a degree in Polit-ical Science and Economics from the Univer-sity of Pennsylvania and received his master’s degree in Public Affairs from the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs at the Univer-sity of Texas. He then began a storied career of dedicated public service with stops at the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, the National Institute of Jus-tice, the U.S. Department of Justice, and the U.S. Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Subcommittee on Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Services. During his time at NIDA, Geoff served as a liaison to state and local governments, ensur-ing NIDA research is used to inform local poli-cies. Additionally, he served as the liaison to the Friends of NIDA organization, advocating for a level of resources for NIDA that reflects the tremendous personal, social and economic burden of drug abuse and addiction. Mr. La-redo has provided assistance to Congres-sional staff on legislative issues related to drug addiction prevention, treatment, and re-covery research in response to the opioid cri-sis. He has also planned and coordinated hun-dreds of Hill briefings on a variety of topics, and is incredibly well known and well liked among members and staff alike. Geoff is one of the few who understood the urgency of the opioid epidemic early on and was a founding member of the planning committee for the Na-tional Rx Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit that was jointly established with Operation UNITE, an organization I founded to help combat the drug epidemic in rural southern and eastern Kentucky. I am tremendously grateful for Mr. Laredo’s many years of service to our great nation, and wish him the best in all his future endeavors. I hope that he and his wife, Donna, enjoy their many years of retirement together. Congratu-lations. f 
SEXUAL ASSAULT ON OUR CAMPUSES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 19, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from Texas, Judge T
ED P
OE, for hosting this special order, and for calling needed attention to sexual abuses oc-curring on college campuses and in many cases, off-campus events. As with many of our fellow colleagues, I have constituents who are victims of sexual abuse and have come forward to share their tragic stories. One of them is the Bailey family of Ft. Worth, Texas, in support of their daugh-ter Kendra. Last December, a classmate assaulted Kendra Bailey, who recently completed her senior year at Texas A&M University. In addi-tion to the trauma suffered by all victims in the days and weeks after an attack, being forced to still see and potentially interact with their al-leged attackers only delays and makes the healing process more difficult. Such was sadly the case with Kendra. I call upon college ad-ministrators to do more to ensure proper sepa-ration for victims, especially during the imme-diate aftermath of an alleged assault, until a proper investigation can be concluded. After an investigation, Kendra’s classmate who at-tacked her was found responsible for twenty- one charges by a university conduct panel of three faculty members. He was subsequently expelled from the university. Most tragically, the full total of sexual abuse victims on college campus will never be known, as many are afraid to come forward for a variety of reasons. I call upon colleges across the country to demonstrate a commit-ment to supporting victims and to take appro-priate and swift punishments against those who would commit such horrible abuses. Stu-dents should know the very first day they ar-rive on campus that sexual harassment and violence will not be tolerated and that victims have a wide array of support. Many sexual abusers count on their victims not coming for-ward—-only emboldening them to commit fur-ther sexual abuses. It is my understanding that Texas A&M Uni-versity has commissioned two reviews of the school’s handling of sexual assault cases. I look forward to reading both of the reviews, and I hope they will be both comprehensive in their scope and thorough in making significant recommendations. I appreciate the Bailey family coming for-ward and sharing Kendra’s story; they should be commended for their courage. I hope that their actions will help reduce the number of would-be victims of sexual abuse on college campuses across our country in the future. I thank Judge POEfor his continued work in supporting victims of abuse and for hosting this special order. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MACI GRACE EICKMAN 
HON. WARREN DAVIDSON 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Maci Grace Eickman. Maci Grace was born October 1, 2015 with a rare genetic disease, Mucopolysaccharidosis type I (MPS I). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JY8.001 E23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1042 July 23, 2018 
While I never had the opportunity to meet Maci Grace, I know through her parents and those who knew her that she touched many lives in the two years she was here on Earth. Maci Grace is the daughter of Joshua and Elizabeth Eickman. As a parent, I join them in mourning. Through innocence Marci Grace fought her disease with strength, which stands as an inspiration today. We must continue to search for a cure to help the one in 100,000 children born with this rare disease. Mr. Speaker, there is no foot so small that it cannot leave an imprint on this world. I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in ex-tending our deepest condolences to Maci’s family and friends during this difficult time. Parents should never have to bury their chil-dren. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE KNOX COUNTY FARM BUREAU ON THEIR 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Knox County Farm Bureau on its 100th Anniversary. Ever since the Knox County Farm Bureau Foundation was orga-nized in 1918, it has served an essential role in the growth and development of the agri-culture industry throughout Illinois. The Knox County Farm Bureau advocates for agriculture, assists farmers with legislative issues and provides leadership opportunities for members of all ages. The organization’s Committees and Task Forces provide their members with many programs, functions, and opportunities to continually improve their farm-ing practices. Community and farmer edu-cation, in addition to your scholarship and in-ternship programs have also increased aware-ness and spurred innovation on the issues that relate to the future success of agriculture in Knox County and ultimately the quality of life in our region. It is because of dedicated groups such as the Knox County Farm Bureau that I am espe-cially proud to serve Illinois’ 17th Congres-sional District. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate the Knox County Farm Bureau on its 100th Anniversary and thank the organization for all of its service to the farmers in our community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded for roll call votes on Wednesday, July 18, 2018 because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on final passage for H. Res. 990, Supporting the officers and personnel who carry out the important mission of the United States Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement (RC No. 337.) It is disheartening to see my Democrat colleagues in Congress demonizing the men and women who make a daily sacrifice to se-cure our borders. As an original co-sponsor of this legislation, I am proud to support the he-roic officers who carry out the important mis-sion at our border to preserve our national se-curity and protect our families. f 
ELECTRONIC MESSAGE PRESERVATION ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1376, the ‘‘Electronic Message Preservation Act of 2017,’’ which helps ensure the preservation of federal agency electronic messages. Mr. Speaker, it is critical that we are able to preserve records of activities and to have ap-propriate systems to manage and preserve those reports relating to Presidential records, and for other purposes. According to CBO, enacting H.R. 1376 would not increase net direct spending or on- budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2029. First, such regulations as a minimum must require the electronic capture, management, and preservation of such electronic records in accordance with the Federal Records Act. Second, they must also require such records to be retrievable through electronic searches. Third, it is imperative to include timelines for federal agency implementation of the regula-tions that ensure compliance as expeditiously as practicable. Mr. Speaker, enacting H.R. 1376 will help preserve records of activities by requiring NARA to oversee and issue guidance on man-aging federal records, including email mes-sages. CBO estimates that any net changes in di-rect spending by those agencies would be in-significant. Enacting this bill would not affect revenues. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 1376 and standing true to our nation’s commitment to advancing security in man-aging and preserving records. 
f 
COMMEMORATING BRANDT ON THEIR 65TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to recognize the Brandt Consolidated Inc. on celebrating 65 years of excellence serving global agriculture and other related industries. From their humble beginnings in Pleasant Plains, Brandt has grown to serve agriculture in all 50 states and in 45 countries with facili-ties located across the United States, Brazil and Spain. While expanding globally, Brandt has re-mained deeply rooted in the rich soil of central Illinois. By helping farmers increase their pro-duction and profits season after season, they have become a major economic driver in West Central Illinois and across the globe. Their vast and diverse portfolio of agronomic goods, turf and ornamental brands and home gar-dening products has helped revolutionize the world’s ability to supply food, fuel and fiber. I am proud to say that Brandt continues to call the 18th Congressional District home. Once again I would like to congratulate them on serving global agriculture for 65 years. We look forward to your next 65 years and more of continued success. f 
THE LUSK CREEK KAYAK RAMP 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the efforts of the hard-working men and women of the Shawnee National Forest Service, the Lusk Conservancy District and the Pope County Board of Commissioners. Together these groups were able to come to-gether to make the Lusk Creek Kayak Ramp to give Southern Illinois residents safer and easier boat access to Lusk Creek and to revi-talize tourism in the area. On October 27, 2016, I met with the Pope County Chairman of the Commissioner’s Board, Larry Richards. Mr. Richards asked for my assistance in helping to get a boat launch ramp built on Lusk Creek, a project that would help both tourists and local citizens alike ac-cess the creek. A few days later, I called the Shawnee Forest Service about the project and they were eager to share their progress. Over the course of 2016 and early 2017, the Shawnee Forest Service and the Lusk Con-servancy District developed a strong partner-ship. Together they completed an Environ-mental Assessment and began construction. They worked closely to address environmental concerns and create a sustainable, safe recre-ation area. This newly constructed project, fin-ished in August of 2017, represents the only public developed access point on Lusk Creek upstream from the State Recreation Area Ma-rina in Golconda, Illinois. I have recently vis-ited the completed project, the Lusk Creek Kayak Ramp, and was impressed with what these different organizations in the area were able to come together to create. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the Shawnee National Forest Service, the Lusk Conser-vancy District and the Pope County Board of Commissioners for this achievement. 
f 
HONORING LIBERTY SAFES 
HON. JOHN R. CURTIS 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before you today to honor Liberty Safes for being chosen to attend the Made in America Show-case this year. Liberty Safes is the largest seller of full-size residential safes in the U.S. and manufactures over 120,000 safes a year. Headquartered in Payson, Utah, Liberty Safes is an important component of Utah’s economy—employing nearly 400 Utahns and utilizing Utah steel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.002 E23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1043 July 23, 2018 
suppliers and other local companies. In fact, 90 percent of the materials that Liberty Safes uses for its products originate in the U.S. As the number one seller of full-size safes in the country, Liberty Safes demonstrate that prod-ucts made in the U.S. with American materials can be the best in the world. Liberty Safes was chosen to represent Utah at this year’s Made in America Product Show-case at the White House. The showcase will feature a company from each state that pro-duces exceptionally made American products. Liberty Safes will have the opportunity to showcase their technologically advanced and innovative products to President Trump and prominent business leaders at the event. Having been closely involved in small busi-ness and local manufacturing myself, I ap-plaud the success of Liberty Safes and its commitment to manufacturing its products in the U.S. with American materials. American- based companies and manufacturers remain an integral part of our economy and a primary driver of prosperity for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues to join me in congratulating Liberty Safes for being selected to represent Utah at the Made in America Product Showcase. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded for roll call votes on Thursday, July 19, 2018 because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on final passage for H. Con. Res. 119, which expresses the sense of Congress that a car-bon tax is not in the best interest of the United States. Like any federal mandate that inter-venes in our economy, a carbon tax would re-ward special-interests at the expense of Amer-ican families. Further, carbon taxes are re-gressive and would disproportionately burden lower and middle class families. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF MAS-TER SERGEANT DANNY D. REY-NOLDS 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary career of Master Sergeant Danny D. Reynolds. In 1988, MSG Reynolds entered the Indiana Army National Guard. After completing Basic Training and Advance Individual Training at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, MSG Reynolds became active duty on July 25, 1990. He was first assigned to Delta Company 15th Engineer Battalion, 9th Infantry Division at Fort Lewis, Washington. From there, MSG Reynolds served all over the world, from Fort Bragg, North Carolina, to as far away as Yongsan, South Korea. Deployed on numerous operational assign-ments around the globe and through some of our nation’s toughest times, MSG Reynolds stood ready to answer the call to serve our great nation. Some of his most notable en-gagements took place in Iraq during Operation Iraqi Freedom and during his two deployments with the Theater Civil Military Support Element in support of Special Operations Command Pacific. Throughout these operations, he deliv-ered on the promise to keep America safe and confront our enemies head on under the most difficult conditions. During his career, MSG Reynolds received numerous medals, including the Meritorious Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal, Joint Service Achievement Medal, Army Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Korean Defense Service Medal, and the Combat Action Badge. His foreign badges include Korean, French and German Para-chutist Badges. These awards and decora-tions are a testimony to his monumental suc-cess in safe-guarding America. While defending our nation overseas, MSG Reynolds most important commitment was to his family back home. He and his wife, Michele, raised five children during MSG Rey-nolds’ illustrious career. This country cannot repay the debt we owe to MSG Reynolds and his family—the Reynolds’ are true American heroes. I wish him well in what is sure to be an active retirement. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the career of Master Sergeant Danny D. Reynolds. f 
INNOVATIVE STORMWATER INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3906, the ‘‘Innovative Storm water Infrastructure Act of 2018.’’ H.R. 3906 directs the Environmental Protec-tion Agency (EPA) to establish a stormwater infrastructure funding task force to study and develop recommendations to improve the availability of public and private sources of funding for stormwater infrastructure. Houston area residents understand the im-portance of infrastructure that can mitigate the effects of storm water. After making landfall, circled back and held in place for nearly four days, Hurricane Harvey dropped an unprecedented amount of rain in the Houston area—so much rain, in fact, that the flood area itself began to act like an inland sea, feeding moisture back into the storm to be dropped as yet more rain. Hurricane Harvey brought more than 64 inches of rain to the Houston area, flooding 203,000 homes, 13 Superfund sites, and more than 800 wastewater treatment facilities. The damage caused by Hurricane Harvey exceeds $125 billion. According to the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, second only to Hur-ricane Katrina. Nine out of 19 of the official river gauges in Harris County, Texas, recorded all-time-high water levels. Nederland, Texas recorded 60.58 inches of rainfall, making Hurricane Harvey the highest total rainfall ever recorded in the continental United States. Rainfall within a tenth of an inch of that total was recorded in Groves, a neighboring community. These both exceed the previous U.S. rainfall record of 52 inches, set by Hurricane Hiki in Hawaii in 1950. Eighteen locations in southeastern Texas broke previous tropical rainfall records in the contiguous United States, which was set by Tropical Storm Amelia in Medina, Texas in 1978. Six to ten feet was the maximum water lev-els above the ground, which occurred near the areas where Harvey made landfall. Fifty-seven tornadoes were reported during the Hurricane Harvey storm, about half of which occurred near or south of the Houston metro area. At its peak on September 1, 2017, one-third of Houston was underwater. Over 300,000 structures flooded in south-eastern Texas, where extreme rainfall hit many areas that are densely populated. Hurricane Harvey is the largest housing dis-aster to strike the U.S. in our nation’s history. Hurricane Harvey damaged 203,000 homes, of which 12,700 were completely destroyed. Texans continue to work to recover, but thousands still are not able to return to flood damaged homes. Next month marks a year since floodwaters swamped America’s fourth-largest city, the ex-tent of this environmental assault is beginning to surface, while questions about the long- term consequences for human health remain unanswered. As disasters become more frequent and populations living in vulnerable areas increase, interest in the health effects of exposure to the combination of natural and technological dis-asters has grown. According to experts, when rain falls on the roofs of our homes, streets, and parking lots in cities and their suburbs, the water is unable to soak into the ground as it should. When a rainstorm occurs, rainwater hits the streets and gravity takes it on the path of least resistance. Stormwater drains through gutters, storm sewers, and other engineered collection sys-tems and is discharged into nearby water bod-ies. Across the country, in every community, rain mixes with chemicals, oils, and other harmful pollutants to flood into our waterways. Further, higher flows resulting from heavy rains can also cause erosion and flooding in urban streams, damaging habitat, property, and infrastructure. H.R. 3906 will establish a stormwater infra-structure funding task force program such as the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System Stormwater Program (NPDES). This program is designed to prevent stormwater runoff from washing harmful pollut-ants into local waterbodies. Some 500 chemical plants, 10 refineries and more than 6,670 miles of intertwined oil, gas and chemical pipelines line the nation’s largest energy corridor. Nearly 500 Million gallons of industrial wastewater mixed with storm water surged out of just one chemical plant in Baytown, east of Houston, on the upper shores of Galveston Bay. Benzene, vinyl chloride, butadiene, and other known human carcinogens were among 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.008 E23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1044 July 23, 2018 
the dozens of tons of industrial toxic sub-stances released into surrounding neighbor-hoods and waterways following Harvey’s tor-rential rains. In addition, NPDES will study and develop recommendations to improve the availability of public and private sources of funding for stormwater infrastructure. The EPA Administrator will ensure that these programs promote the use of innovative stormwater control infrastructure in and coordi-nate the integration of innovative stormwater control infrastructure into permitting programs, planning efforts, research, technical assist-ance, and funding guidance. Mr. Speaker, a stronger investment in stormwater prevention programs allows for the implementations of cutting edge solutions and puts our communities in a path to healthier waters. I urge my colleges to join me in voting for H.R. 3906. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JUSTIN HERSH AND ANUSHKA SCUDDER 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Justin Hersh and Anushka Scudder, Palm Beach County’s Do the Write Thing Ambassadors for 2018. The Do the Write Thing challenge invites middle school students to submit essays and stories about their personal experiences with violence, bullying, and racism in school or throughout their community. These brave stu-dents share their stories to educate others about the need for more compassion and un-derstanding in the world. Justin and Anushka visited my office in Washington, D.C. last week and I heard their compelling stories. I commend them for their passion for making Palm Beach County a safer place for all students and hope that more will follow their stellar examples. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JOHN FRANCIS AYLMER 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the life of John Francis Aylmer, a resident of Centerville, Massachusetts and dedicated public servant. John was born in Barnstable and raised in the villages of Osterville and Centerville, grad-uating from Barnstable High School in 1953. Following his graduation from Admiral Billard Academy in New London, Connecticut, he re-ceived a bachelor’s degree from the Massa-chusetts Maritime Academy and joined the United States Navy. Upon his honorable dis-charge, John served as a Merchant Marine Officer on oil tankers. He was later commis-sioned in the U.S. Navy Reserve for twenty- three years. Within this same time span, John also served two terms as a Barnstable Selectman. He went on to earn his master’s degree in education from Bridgewater State College. Then, in 1970, he successfully ran for election as a Massachusetts State Senator, where his commendable leadership resulted in his ap-pointment as Assistant Senate Minority Lead-er. While in office, John also obtained his law degree from Suffolk Law School. In 1981, John was appointed as Rear Admi-ral, U.S. Maritime Service. He also became the president of the Massachusetts Maritime Academy, holding this position for the fol-lowing decade and presiding over a period of critical expansion. Upon his retirement, John continued to give back to his community through his long-time involvement in the Cape Cod Baseball League. John married his wife Ann M. McLean in 1957, and over the sixty-one years they spent together they had four sons, and now three grandchildren. Unfortunately, John passed away on July 8, 2018. His commitment will live on through his growing family and the legacy of his activism in our community. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the life of John Francis Aylmer. I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing his many years of dedi-cation to his community and his country. f 
HONORING CHIEF BRET SACKETT 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Chief Bret Sackett, on his retirement as the longest tenured police chief in Sonoma County, California. Born in Los Angeles, California, Chief Sackett moved to Sonoma County and earned an Administration of Justice degree from Santa Rosa Junior College. He also graduated from Sonoma State University with a Bach-elor’s Degree in Business Management. Chief Sackett has served 28 years with the Sonoma County Sheriff’s Department and 14 years with the City of Sonoma. For the last 11 years he has been Sonoma’s Chief of Police. Throughout his time as a law enforcement offi-cer, Chief Sackett has been a correctional offi-cer, academy training officer, field training offi-cer, background investigator, SWAT team member and detective in the Domestic Vio-lence and Sexual Assault unit. When the City of Sonoma began contracting with the Sonoma County Sheriff’s Department to provide law enforcement services in 2004, Chief Sackett joined the transition team as a patrol sergeant. In 2007, he was promoted to the Chief of Police for the City of Sonoma. Under Chief Sackett’s leadership, the Sonoma Police Department enhanced community rela-tions while approaching public safety compas-sionately. He also oversaw law enforcement services for the unincorporated areas of Sonoma Valley. He created a K–9 program and advanced a financial partnership with the City of Sonoma and Sonoma Valley Unified School District that established a School Re-source Officer at Sonoma Valley High School. Chief Sackett’s leadership and emergency management skills were crucial in responding to the 2017 October fires. Chief Sackett has received honors from the Consul General of Mexico, the Sheriff’s Office and the Optimist Club. He has been recog-nized for his service to the Hispanic commu-nity and his exceptional work and commitment to law enforcement and our Sonoma commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, Chief Sackett is an admirable leader who is dedicated to serving our com-munity. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Chief Bret Sackett here today. f 
IN HONOR OF MR. JAMES EDWARD WILEY, SR. 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. James Edward Wiley, Sr., who passed away peacefully on Sunday morning of July 8, 2018, surrounded by his loved ones. Mr. James Edward Wiley, Sr., the second son of A.P. and Florence Wiley, was born in Dallas, Texas on September 16, 1925. In 1942, he graduated from Adamson High School and entered the Corps of Cadets in August later that year, upon enrolling at The Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas, now The Texas A&M University. After com-pleting Armor Officer Commissioning School at Fort Knox, KY, James went to the Pacific The-ater with the Army Corps of Engineers and as-sumed command of a Japanese POW Camp before he was even twenty years of age. Once he returned to College Station, he suc-cessfully completed his engineering degree in May of 1948 and he was awarded Texas A&M’s highest honor as a Distinguished Alum-nus in 1990 for all his hard work and dedica-tion to the school. Immediately following graduation from Texas A&M, James obtained a job with Robert E. McKee in their Dallas office. He helped construct many prominent additions to Dallas after the war, including the Federal Reserve Bank, Moody Coliseum, in addition to the ‘‘new’’ Parkland Hospital, just to name a few. However, in 1960, he left McKee to join his loving father and brother at Wiley Brothers General Contractors and Investment Builders where they adopted the popular model of building long-block warehouses and sub-divid-ing them for multi-tenant occupancy in the fast-expanding industrial parks in what be-came the Stemmons Corridor. When the gift of grandchildren arrived, James embraced that role wholeheartedly. James used to invite his grandchildren to ac-company him into Downtown Dallas to tour them through bank lobbies, and over Christ-mas break, he would treat them to lunch at the rotating Antares in Reunion tower. Throughout his life, James touched the hearts of many and always led by example, and his family will continue to thrive from his leader-ship. James is survived by his wife Virginia; his 4 sons and their wives, Jim (Karen), Alan (Melinda), Don (Julia), and Glen (Ann); 8 grandchildren, and 17 great-grandchildren. Al-though no words can really help to ease the loss, his life was truly a blessing and he is held very close in thought and prayer. In honor of his memory, I would like to take this opportunity to thank Mr. James Edward Wiley, Sr. for his service to our country and his dedi-cation to the city of Dallas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.011 E23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1045 July 23, 2018 
MAJOR ROBERT ODELL OWENS POST OFFICE 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5238, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office.’’ Mr. Speaker, this bill is an opportunity for us all to pay tribute to a great American, a fighter for justice and equality, one of the most pas-sionate advocates for educational opportunity, and a man who served in this body with dis-tinction, Major Owens of New York. Major Owens was born June 28, 1936, in Collierville, Tennessee. He was educated at Morehouse College, from which he received his baccalaureate de-gree, and Atlanta University from which he earned a Master of Science degree. Major Owens later moved to New York where he worked as a librarian before accept-ing an appointment from Mayor John V. Lind-say to serve as Director of the New York City Community Development Agency. He also served as a faculty member in the Department of Public Administration at Medgar Evers College. In 1974, Major Owens was elected to the New York State Senate and was reelected to serve a second term in 1978. In 1982, Major Owens won a competitive primary to fill the seat of retiring Congress-woman Shirley Chisholm, the first African American woman elected to the House of Representatives and the first woman ever to seek the Democratic nomination for President of the United States. As the Member of Congress for the 11th Congressional District of New York, Major Owens represented a diverse district centered in Brooklyn, including low income areas of Brownsville and parts of Bedford-Stuyvestant, the large Hasidic community of Crown Heights, the heavily Caribbean areas of Flatbush and East Flatbush, and the more af-fluent neighborhoods of Park Slope and Pros-pect Park. Affectionately known as the ‘‘Education Congressman’’ by his constituents, Major Owens fought tirelessly throughout his twelve terms in Congress to protect and expand edu-cational opportunity for all Americans, espe-cially those from economically and socially dis-advantaged backgrounds. As he often reminded his colleagues in the House, education was ‘‘the kingpin issue.’’ In an article he published in Black Issues in Higher Education, he wrote: ‘‘We have to be-lieve that all power and progress really begins with education.’’ Major Owens served on the House Com-mittee on Government Reform and the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. As the Ranking Member on the Education and Workforce Subcommittee for Workforce Protections, Congressman Owens helped lead the fight for minimum wage increases, blocked the attempt to eliminate cash payments for overtime, fought against efforts to roll back or repeal Davis-Bacon, and to weaken the Occu-pational Safety and Health Administration. As Chairman of the Education Sub-committee on Select Education and Civil Rights (1988 to ’94), Congressman Owens was one of the earliest and strongest sup-porters of the Americans With Disabilities Act, which was enacted into law in 1991. In recognition for his work to pass the ADA, Major Owens was awarded an honorary de-gree by Galludet University, the world’s pre-mier higher education institution serving deaf an hard of hearing people. Major Owens loved serving in this body and he was a valued member of the Congressional Progressive Caucus and the Congressional Black Caucus. As Chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus Task Force on Haiti, he led the suc-cessful three-year fight which restored the democratically elected President Jean- Bertrand Aristide. Mr. Speaker, Congressman Owens was a legislator’s legislator. Major Owens touched so many lives in so many helpful ways that he will always be re-membered by people he served so ably and selfless for more than thirty years. H.R. 5238 will honor the memory of this great man by enshrining his legacy on a public building in his district. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5238, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office.’’ 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CAPTAIN EDWARD J. MAROHN 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the retirement of Captain Ed-ward J. Marohn, the Chief of External Affairs for the Coast Guard First District in Boston, Massachusetts. Captain Marohn joined the United States Coast Guard at the age of seventeen and has served this country honorably for thirty-one years. He served in a variety of afloat, ashore and staff tours on both Coasts and on the Great Lakes. He also conducted counterdrug, fishery enforcement, search and rescue, and environmental protection operations from the Bering Sea to the Sea of Cortez. Further, while serving in Michigan, he coordinated the execution of over 7,000 search and rescue op-erations that resulted in saving or assisting over 1,200 lives and $10 million in property. Complementing his remarkable operational career, Captain Marohn served as the Coast Guard Liaison to the National Marine Fisheries Service Office of Law Enforcement in Silver Spring, Maryland; Assistant Chief of Enforce-ment for First Coast Guard District in Boston, Massachusetts; Maritime Drug Interdiction Of-ficer at Coast Guard Headquarters in Wash-ington, D.C., and earned a Master of Marine Affairs from the University of Washington. Recognized as an expert in fisheries man-agement and enforcement, Captain Marohn has also served as the Coast Guard rep-resentative to the New England Fisheries Management Council, the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary Advisory Council, the U.S. delegation to the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organization, and the North Atlantic Coast Guard Forum. Further, he was the sole Coast Guard representative on the U.S. State Department led delegation to the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organization, where he ne-gotiated the first ever U.S. enforcement pres-ence in this international fishery regime. Captain Marohn pioneered the Integrated Maritime Security Operations program, an international approach to law enforcement on the northern border that involves joint oper-ations between the U.S. Coast Guard and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. These oper-ations continue to serve as a model for over-coming jurisdictional challenges along a shared international maritime border to im-prove security. He is also known as the pri-mary architect of the Coast Guard’s Ice Res-cue Program, and received the 2005 Coast Guard Innovation Award for Operational Man-agement to recognize his groundbreaking achievement of developing the first-ever Ice Rescue Manual. Today Captain Marohn has been married to his wife Christine for 26 years, and together they have two daughters, Meaghan and Lauren. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Captain Edward J. Marohn as he retires from the United States Coast Guard. I ask that my col-leagues join me in recognizing his many years of dedication to his community and his coun-try. f 
HONORING WILLIAM CLAYTON TUCKER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Mr. William Clayton ‘‘W.C.’’ Tucker, well known as a Christian man of great character and integrity with an enor-mous love for the Lord and his family. Mr. William Clayton ‘‘W.C.’’ Tucker passed away surrounded by his family on Friday, July 13, 2018. He was born on February 25, 1950 to William Tucker and Olivia Smith Tucker. He was a 1968 graduate of Siggers High School in Shannon and a 1971 graduate of Mis-sissippi Industrial College in Holly Springs. Mr. Tucker shared 39 years of marriage with the love of his life, Mrs. Patty Tucker. They were blessed to have raised two wonderful daughters, Camille Young and Dr. Emily C. Tucker, and three lovely grandchildren; Amber and Kayla Young and William Tucker Young. In 1989, while attending Union Baptist M.B. Church in Shannon, Mr. Tucker was ordained a deacon. He later joined White Hill M.B. Church in Tupelo where he taught Men’s Sun-day School classes. After 35 years of hard work as a Senior Certified Engineer Technician, Mr. Tucker re-tired from the Mississippi Department of Transportation. Post retirement, he launched Tucker’s Fresh Produce and sold fresh vege-tables at the Tupelo Farmers Market. Mr. Tucker was an avid gardener who was featured in the Daily Journal, the Lee County Courier, Mississippi State Extension Publica-tions, Mississippi Farm Bureau Magazine, Mi-nority Landowners Magazine, and WTVA for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.016 E23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1046 July 23, 2018 
his successful high tunnel gardening tech-niques. He enjoyed working with the youth of White Hill Church and Haven Acres Boys and Girls Club teaching raised-bed gardening. He was a member of the Lee County Master Gar-dener’s Association and the Mississippi Minor-ity Farmers Alliance. He was a former 4–H volunteer and Red Cross volunteer. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. William Clayton ‘‘W.C.’’ Tucker for his dedication to serving others. 
f 
HONORING DENNIS GOTT’S LIFE AND INDUCTION TO THE MIS-SOURI GROCERS ASSOCIATION HALL OF FAME 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the late Dennis Gott of Salem, Missouri for being inducted posthumously into the Missouri Grocers Association Hall of Fame. Dennis was President and co-owner of Town & Country Supermarkets and co-owner and board member of Town and Country Banks. He is the second Gott family member to be awarded this honor. His father Wayne Gott founded Town & Country Supermarkets in Salem in 1962 and was inducted to the Mis-souri Grocers Hall of Fame in 2012. Dennis began working at Town and Country in the 1970s and took over as President and CEO in 1999. Under his leadership, Town and Country expanded to 21 locations in south central Missouri, each one known for friendly customer service and active community in-volvement. Dennis loved the grocery store business, and he loved his family and community. He was a member of the First Baptist Church of Salem and served on the boards of Harris Baking Company and the Salem Airport Au-thority. His untimely passing in 2016 shook my hometown of Salem and he is missed dearly. For his outstanding career and legacy as a loving family man devoted to his community, it is my pleasure to recognize Dennis Gott be-fore the United States House of Representa-tives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DELANEY DEVINE, WILL SHERMAN, HAYDEN SMITH, AND JORDANNE STOBBS- VERGARA 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Delaney Devine, Will Sherman, Hayden Smith, and Jordanne Stobbs-Vergara for their hard work and dedication to the peo-ple of Colorado’s Sixth District as interns in my Washington, D.C. office for the summer of the 115th Congress, Second Session. The work of these young professionals has been nothing short of exemplary. During their time in my office, Delaney, Will, Hayden, and Jordanne served as tour guides, interacted with constituents, conducted legislative re-search and learned a great deal about the United States Congress. I know they all have especially bright futures ahead of them and I look forward to seeing them build their pro-spective careers. All four of these impeccable interns have made plans to continue their educational ca-reers throughout the United States. I am cer-tain they will continue in their great success and I wish them all the best in their future en-deavors. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recog-nize Delaney Devine, Will Sherman, Hayden Smith, and Jordanne Stobbs-Vergara for their service this summer. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF 49TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE FIRST APOLLO MOON LANDING, A SMALL STEP FOR MAN BUT A GIANT LEAP FOR MANKIND 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the 49th anniversary of the first Apollo Moon landing. On July 20, 1969, the spaceship was a long way from home. Blasting off from Cape Kennedy four days prior, Commander Neil Armstrong, Command Module Pilot Michael Collins, and Lunar Mod-ule Pilot Edwin ‘‘Buzz’’ Aldrin had been hurled from the cosmic shores of our orbit at an es-cape velocity of 24,200 miles per hour. With them were cameras, scientific instru-ments, and the now famous three-by-five foot U.S. flag to be planted on the surface of the Moon. They also carried two other U.S. flags—to be brought back and flown over the houses of Congress—the flags of the 50 States, the Dis-trict of Columbia and U.S. territories, the United Nations flag, as well as those of 136 foreign countries. But what they carried that fateful day was more than a collection of instruments and na-tional symbols. They carried the faith of mankind—of going where no human had gone before. They also carried courage—not only the courage that is the absence of fear, but rather the resolute determination to fulfill the national destiny. And more than courage they carried hope— that despite the bloodshed and weapons of mass destruction that defined the Cold War, humanity could stand together with bated breath for this new, brave step into the future. On the afternoon of July 20, at 3:08 PM Eastern, more than 200,000 miles away from Earth, Aldrin and Armstrong fired the lunar module’s descent engine for the first time. While Armstrong flew the landing craft, Aldrin gave him altitude readings: ‘‘Seven hun-dred and fifty feet, coming down at 23 degrees . . . 700 feet, 21 down . . . 400 feet, down at nine . . . Got the shadow out there . . . 75 feet, things looking good . . . Lights on . . . Picking up some dust . . . 30 feet, 2 1/2 down . . . Faint shadow . . . Four forward. Four forward, drifting to the right a little . . . Con-tact light. Okay, engine stop.’’ When the 68-inch probes beneath three of the spacecraft’s four footpads touched down, Armstrong shut off the ship’s engine. At 4:18 PM, the craft settled down at an angle of no more than four or five degrees on the right side of the Moon as seen from Earth. From Tranquility Base, Armstrong imme-diately radioed Mission Control: ‘‘Houston, the Eagle has landed.’’ At 10:56 PM, Armstrong put his left foot to the Moon. It was the first time in history that man has ever stepped on anything that has not existed on or originated from Earth. ‘‘That’s one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind,’’ Armstrong radioed. Mr. Speaker, we gather here today not only to chronicle the extraordinary voyage of Apollo 11, but also to remember the efforts of thou-sands of America’s brightest who stretched the bounds of human imagination with this ac-complishment. I am tremendously proud to say Houston’s very own Johnson Space Center, then named Manned Space Center, was pivotal in guiding the spaceships Columbia and Eagle to their place in history. Even after the Gemini and Apollo Missions, Houston has been the international hub of manned space flight ever since. Johnson Space Center scientists, engineers, astronauts and other staff members have been tasked with controlling flights from Skylab and the Apollo-Soyuz missions through the Shuttle program and beyond. Johnson Space Center is the training base and home for our nation’s astronauts and the site of Mission Control, where a talented cadre of flight controllers monitors the work of our women and men in space. Mr. Speaker, I remind this body that the American space flight program is not merely a collection of scientific achievements. I celebrate the legacy of Mary Jackson, NASA’s first black female engineer who joined the Langley Research Center in Hampton, Vir-ginia in 1958. Her pioneering work not only contributed im-mensely to the success of the Mercury space program—the predecessor to Gemini and Apollo—but also to influenced the hiring and promotion of women and people of color in NASA’s science, engineering, and mathe-matics careers. Not only African American women were in-volved, but also men and women of all races and trades—White, Hispanic, Asian, and Na-tive American engineers, physicists, manufac-turers, mathematicians, physicians, divers, sailors, and thousands more. Armstrong and Aldrin may have walked on the moon, but all of America was with them in spirit. I celebrate the legacy of President John Kennedy, who in 1961 in my home city of Houston declared to the world that ‘‘We choose to go to the moon within the decade and do the other things, not because they are easy but because they are hard.’’ I invoke the words of astronomer and writer Carl Sagan, who eloquently wrote on the scope and audacity of the President’s procla-mation: ‘‘The Moon was a metaphor for the unattain-able: ‘You might as well ask for the Moon,’ they used to say. For most of our history, we had no idea what it was. ‘‘We would use rockets not yet designed and alloys not yet conceived, navigation and docking schemes not yet devised, in order to send a man to a world not yet explored—not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.018 E23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1047 July 23, 2018 
even in a preliminary way, with robots—and we would bring him safely back, and we would do it before the decade was over. ‘‘This confident pronouncement was made before any American had even achieved Earth orbit.’’ To anyone who might doubt America’s abil-ity to make good on this commitment, Presi-dent Kennedy said, ‘‘this country of the United States was not built by those who waited and rested and wished to look behind them. This country was conquered by those who moved forward—and so will space.’’ He, like the Apollo program, represented the best of America’s can-do spirit; an idea of to-morrow, a relentless march toward achieving the full promise of America, and an under-standing that we, the people—all of us—have a place in that future and a role to play in bringing it about. The Apollo program was certainly a pinnacle of American scientific triumph. In that summer of 1969, we decided to use technologies developed to hold humanity cap-tive under the specter of nuclear war to cap-ture the imagination of humanity. In that summer of 1969, we conveyed to the world an optimism about technology and an enthusiasm for the future. In that summer of 1969, we reached for the stars and three Americans—Armstrong, Aldrin, and Collins—nearly had them in their grasp. But our best days are not behind us. For as long as we have been able to stand on two legs, we have been voyagers. We had emerged from the caves and come down from the trees; we conquered con-tinents; weathered oceans; we have con-nected the world in no way it had ever been connected before. So you ask today, Mr. Speaker, what comes next? I urge my colleagues on this most special anniversary to continue supporting our space program, celebrate the sciences, and encour-age innovation and international scientific co-operation. I ask that we work together, like that mo-ment on July 20th, 1969, and stand together, arm in arm, to take the next small step for-ward—a giant leap for mankind. 
f 
HONORING VINSON TIGERS 8–10 ALL STAR, WEST VIRGINIA 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Vinson Tigers 8–10 All Stars for winning State Baseball Tour-nament. This team from Vinson, West Virginia overcame an early loss in the tournament to triumph in the championship game. The tigers defeated South Charleston by 10–2 to win their first title in the team’s history. The heart and dedication these young players put into their team is incredible. I would like to congratulate the players, Eli Richards, Parker Phillips, Colin Dygert, Jonah Harrold, Zander Blankenship, Nyle Dygert, Devon Howard, Harrison Riggs, Isaiah Sand-ers, Gabe Chambers, Kaiden West, Evan Hagley, and Xander Marlins. Their manager Barry Ellis and two coaches Josh Dygert and Jamie Marlins have all worked extremely hard to win. Their love of baseball has helped them to succeed. I want to commend the players and Parents for the time and sacrifices they have made for their children and the coaches for their commitment to the team. I wish the Vison Tigers the best of luck as they continue in the Regional Tournament in Greenville, North Carolina this week. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF COLONEL JEFF CANTOR ON HIS MILITARY RETIREMENT 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Colonel Jeff Cantor of Marlboro, New Jersey on his retirement from the United States Army. Colonel Cantor has provided 32 years of steadfast leadership and selfless service in defense of the United States of America, and has been instrumental in spreading the ideals of democracy and free-dom to oppressed people all over the world. His service is truly deserving of this body’s recognition. Colonel Cantor has commanded U.S. Army personnel at multiple levels in combat and in peacetime and has demonstrated personal sacrifice while deployed three times to hostile environments. He has had an illustrious career in the U.S. Army and has contributed to build-ing stability in areas around the world with complex environments, and has successfully brought together warring factions so that they may enjoy peace in their lifetime and for future generations. Colonel Cantor served as the European Command Civil Affairs Plans Team Chief and was responsible for working with former war- torn nations and building stability in the Bal-kans. He served as the director on various Joint Chiefs of Staff exercises, and served as the director for Immediate Response 16, where he was responsible for 1,900 soldiers from ten different countries conducting full spectrum operations and training in Slovenia and Croatia, in which the Prime Minister of Slovenia personally congratulated Colonel Cantor for his efforts during the exercise. Colonel Cantor deployed to Iraq as a com-pany commander and was among the first Civil Affairs Companies to enter the country during the 2003 invasion. During that deploy-ment, he developed and significantly influ-enced the first post-Saddam Hussein Kirkuk provincial government to provide stability among 1.2 million ethnically diverse people and was responsible for the construction of over 285 schools, the creation of a new city police force and opened the first police acad-emy in Iraq. Colonel Cantor has helped people in dozens of countries solve complex programs and build capacity to increase stability, as he spent time in sub-Saharan Africa working with tribal lead-ers in Cameroon to provide health care to their people, and coordinated and successfully employed physicians and dentists in a highly impoverished area to expand health care to the neediest of people and provided expertise in lasting care, and helped build refugee camps for Tutsi refugees fleeing for their lives from neighboring countries. Colonel Cantor supported the 82nd Airborne Division and became the Parwan Provincial Reconstruction Team Commander responsible for 245 troops, including operational control of a Kentucky National Guard Agriculture team. He was responsible for planning, preparing and executing multiple projects including the conversion of poppy crops to sustainable high labor crops and improving the effectiveness of provincial law enforcement functions. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that my col-leagues will join me in congratulating Colonel Jeff Cantor on his military retirement and thanking him for his honorable service. This nation owes a debt of gratitude to Colonel Cantor for making the world a safer place and instilling the ideas of democracy in hostile en-vironments around the world. 
f 
IN HONOR OF GARY SZALUCKA 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Gary Szalucka, who is retiring as President of the Perkins Pond Protective Association after nearly two decades of service. New Hampshire is a state endowed with tre-mendous natural beauty, and Mr. Szalucka has been instrumental in efforts to ensure that our state’s natural environment is maintained over generations, especially at his beloved Perkins Pond. Among his achievements during his time as President, Mr. Szalucka played an important role in lobbying for a new sewage system to replace antiquated septic systems around the Pond. In addition, he has remained an active member of the Volunteer Lake As-sessment Program, taking samples of Perkins Pond for over 20 years. New Hampshire’s natural beauty is depend-ent on citizens taking an active role, and Mr. Szalucka has certainly answered the call. On behalf of my constituents across New Hamp-shire’s Second Congressional District, I ap-plaud Mr. Szalucka for his dedication to our community and for being an important part of what makes the Granite State so special. I am honored to recognize and congratulate Mr. Szalucka on his retirement, and I wish him all the best. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on Mon-day, July 16, 2018, I was unavoidably de-tained attending to representation duties in district and state and was not present for Roll Call Votes 329 and 330. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On Roll Call 329, I would have voted AYE. (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 4946, designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office.’’) On Roll Call 330, I would have voted AYE. (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.021 E23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1048 July 23, 2018 
H.R. 4406, designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building.’’) 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SCOBA FRANCIS RHODES 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the life of Scoba Francis Rhodes, a resident of East Falmouth, Massa-chusetts and dedicated civil rights and edu-cation advocate. Scoba was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and moved to Falmouth with his family in 1947. Following his graduation from the Flor-ida Agricultural and Mechanical College, he served in the Air Force as an education spe-cialist during the Vietnam War era. His laudable devotion to public service con-tinued through his position as a guidance counselor at the Mores Pond School in Fal-mouth, while he ran a night program for stu-dents unable to finish High School. Later, he served as the assistant director of admissions and then associate director, at Southeastern Massachusetts University. Further, he served as the dean of students at Upper Cape Cod Regional Technical School and Worcester Academy and on the board of trustees for Cape Cod Community College. Throughout his life, Scoba worked tirelessly to advance civil rights. To name a few roles in which he served, he was elected chairman of the Cape Cod Council of the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination in 1973, served as president of the Cape Cod chapter of the NAACP, and was the 2018 recipient of the Civic Leadership Award from the Falmouth ‘‘No Place for Hate’’ organization. Unfortunately, Scoba passed away on June 23, 2018. His commitment will live on through his growing family and the legacy of his activ-ism in our community. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the life of Scoba Rhodes. I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing his many years of dedica-tion to his community and his country. 
f 
APPRECIATION OF MR. ANDREW HAHN FOR HIS SERVICE AND IN-VOLVEMENT WITH THE CON-GRESSIONAL INTERNSHIP PRO-GRAM FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH INTELLECTUAL DISABILITIES 
HON. GREGG HARPER 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend appreciation to Mr. Andrew Hahn for his service and involvement with the Congres-sional Internship Program for Individuals with Intellectual Disabilities (CIPIID). I want to rec-ognize Mr. Hahn who has been with George Mason University’s Mason—Life Program, a postsecondary educational program for adults with intellectual disabilities, since 2009. Within this role, Mr. Hahn has also served as a liai-son between the Mason Life Program and the U.S. Congress in order to coordinate matching CIPIID interns with congressional offices to serve in throughout the year. Mr. Hahn began his employment with George Mason University and the Mason Life Program as support staff in 2009, in which he assisted and encouraged students within the program. In 2012, Mr. Hahn moved to his cur-rent role as Employment Coordinator for the Mason Life Program, where his main responsi-bility was to assist the students in developing necessary skills and relationships in order to be successful members in the workforce through the CIPIID program, as well as other work experiences. Throughout his time of service, Mr. Hahn has proven to be crucial in assuring that all in-volved with the CIPIID program have both a positive and enlightening experience. Without his efforts, the internship program would not be what it is today. His dedication and passion for those with disabilities, paired with his ap-preciation of the value of meaningful employ-ment for all, have helped skyrocket this pro-gram into what it is today. In addition to serving as the liaison to CIPIID, Mr. Hahn has experienced success in many other areas of his life. He is an Eagle Scout Award Recipient, a member of the Council for Exceptional Children, and he has presented at various conferences on the topic of transitional services for adults with intellec-tual disabilities. Mr. Hahn is a kind, hard-working, and dedi-cated individual. He has given much of his time to help adults with intellectual disabilities become involved and contributing members of society. The students of the Mason Life Pro-gram look up to Mr. Hahn as a mentor and friend, and those who have had the pleasure of working with him hold him in the highest re-gard. As Mr. Hahn closes out his time with the Mason Life Program, as well as our CIPIID, I want to express how much he will be missed. We are forever grateful for all of his contribu-tions and extend our warmest wishes to him in his future endeavors. f 
HIGH STAKES ON THE HIGH COURT: JUSTICE HANGING IN THE BALANCE 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 16, 2018 Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express deep concern and opposition for the President’s U.S. Supreme Court nominee, Brett Kavanaugh. I appeal to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to recognize the threat Judge Kavanaugh poses to Americans’ most fundamental rights and the impartiality required for any jurist filling a Supreme Court seat. If my colleagues truly want to know how Judge Kavanaugh will rule on cases address-ing Roe v. Wade, voting rights, affirmative ac-tion, Brown v. Board of Education and afford-able health care, all they need to do is review his track record. On the Affordable Care Act (ACA)—Judge Kavanaugh wrote in a 2011 decision that the ACA could be considered a tax because it re-quires individuals to buy health insurance. In his opinion, as a tax, the ACA is unconstitu-tional because it violates the Anti-Injunction Act—limiting the jurisdiction of federal courts over tax-related matters. What Judge Kavanaugh and Republican supporters seek-ing to repeal the ACA ignore is the ACA’s suc-cess in: keeping insurance companies from charging women more than men; stopping in-surers from denying coverage to individuals with pre-existing conditions; and preventing seniors from having to choose between their medications or daily meals. On Voting Rights—Again in 2011, following the Obama administration’s findings that a South Carolina voter ID law would disenfran-chise tens of thousands of minority voters, Judge Kavanaugh sided with South Carolina government and expressed his approval of states enacting stronger voter ID laws. On Roe v. Wade—The President said he will not ask his nominee how they would rule on Roe v. Wade, and there really is no need. The President clearly stated he would nomi-nate ‘‘pro-life judges’’ who would overturn Roe. We already know how Judge Kavanaugh will rule in any case regarding a woman’s re-productive rights. In 2015, he sided with reli-gious groups refusing to provide contraceptive coverage, as required through ACA. Then, in 2017, he dissented from a decision that per-mitted an undocumented immigrant teen to have a legal abortion. That brings me back to my earlier statement of the threat to impartiality on the bench. Judge Kavanaugh stated in a 2009 law review article that sitting presidents should receive ‘‘a temporary deferral of civil suits and of criminal prosecutions and investigations.’’ With the continuing legal implications mounting against the President in the Mueller and Cohen inves-tigations and the emoluments lawsuit filed by 200 congressional Democrats, if it were left up to Judge Kavanaugh, he would make the President untouchable. It is clear why Judge Kavanaugh would be a great pick for a Presi-dent experiencing an unprecedented number of legal woes while in office—great pick for the President, but terrible for America and the progress we’ve made. I urge Republicans in the Senate to reject this nomination and uphold their responsi-bility—stop avoiding vetting protocols put in place to ensure qualified jurists protect the fundamental rights of all citizens, and not just the chosen few. f 
FINANCIAL NET WORTH 
HON. F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER, JR. 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I am making my financial net worth as of March 31, 2018, a matter of public record. I have filed similar statements for each of the thirty-nine preceding years I have served in the Con-gress. 
ASSETS  
REAL PROPERTY  Single family residence at 609 Ft. Williams Parkway, City of Alexandria, Virginia, at as-sessed valuation. (Assessed at $1,407,301). Ratio of assessed to market value: 100% (Unencumbered): $1,407,301.00. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.025 E23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1049 July 23, 2018 
Condominium at N76 W14726 North Point Drive, Village of Menomonee Falls, Waukesha County, Wisconsin, at assessor’s estimated market value. (Unencumbered): $142,000,00 Undivided 25/44ths interest in single family Residence at N52 W32654 Maple Lane, Village of Chenequa, Waukesha County, Wisconsin, at 25/44ths of assessor’s estimated market value of $1,519,000. $863,068.18. Total Real Property: $2,412,369.18. 
Common & Preferred Stock # of shares $ per share Value 
Abbott Laboratories, Inc. ............ 12200 59.92 $731,024.00 AbbVie Inc. ................................. 7671 94.65 726,060.15 Allstate Corporation ................... 370 94.80 35,076.00 AT&T ........................................... 7275 35.65 259,353.75 JP Morgan Chase ....................... 4539 109.97 499,153.83 Benton County Mining Company 333 0.00 0.00 BP PLC ....................................... 3604 40.54 146,106.16 Centerpoint Energy ..................... 300 27.40 8,220.00 Chemours Company ................... 240 48.71 11,690.40 Chenequa Country Club Realty Co. .......................................... 1 0.00 0.00 Comcast ..................................... 1268 34.17 43,32.56 Darden Restaurants, Inc. ........... 2160 85.25 184,140.00 Discover Financial Services ....... 156 71.93 11,221.08 Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. ............... 1250 117.00 146,250.00 DowDuPont Inc. .......................... 1538 63.71 97,985.98 Eastman Chemical Co. .............. 540 105.58 57,013.20 Exxon Mobil Corp. ....................... 9728 74.61 725,806.08 Four Corners Property Trust Inc. 983 23.09 22,697.47 Gartner Inc. ................................ 651 117.62 76,570.62 General Electric Co. ................... 15600 13.48 210,288.00 General Mills, Inc. ...................... 5760 45.06 259,545.60 NRG Energy ................................ 28 30.53 854.84 GlassBridge Ent. ........................ 9 1.19 10.71 Kellogg Corp. .............................. 3200 65.01 208,032.00 3M Company .............................. 2000 219.52 439,040.00 Express Scripts ........................... 6656 69.08 459,796.48 Monsanto Company .................... 2852.315 116.69 332,836.64 Moody’s ....................................... 5000 161.30 806,500.00 Morgan Stanley .......................... 312 53.96 16,835.52 NCR Corp. ................................... 68 31.52 2,143.36 Newell Rubbermaid .................... 1676 25.48 42,704.48 Nokia .......................................... 74 5.47 404.78 PG & E Corp. .............................. 175 43.93 7,687.75 Pfizer .......................................... 30415 35.49 1,079,428.35 Century Link ............................... 95 16.43 1,560.85 Tenneco Inc. ............................... 182 54.87 9,986.34 Unisys Corp. ............................... 16 10.75 172.00 US Bancorp ................................ 3081 50.50 155,590.50 Verizon ........................................ 2002 47.82 95,735.64 Vodafone Group PLC .................. 323 27.82 8,985.86 WEC Energy Group ..................... 2044 62.70 128,158.80 
Total common & preferred stocks & bonds ............. ................ ................ $8,047,994.78 
Life insurance policies Face $ Surrender $ 
Northwestern Mutual No. 00 ......... 12,000.00 136,945.39 Northwestern Mutual No. 61 ......... 30,000.00 329,614.09 Massachusetts Mutual No. 75 ...... 10,000.00 19,933.41 Massachusetts Mutual No. 44 ...... 100,000.00 545,005.11 American General Life Ins. No.59L 175,000.00 38,512.54 
Total life insurance policies .............................. 1,070,010.54 
Bank & IRA accounts Balance 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, checking account ..................... $106,723.00 JP Morgan Chase Bank, savings account ....................... 50,610.32 BMO Harris Bank, checking account ............................... 8,711.42 Burke & Herbert Bank, Alexandria, VA, checking ac-count ............................................................................ 4,983.54 JP Morgan, IRA account ................................................... 143,109.81 
Total bank & IRA accounts .................................... 314,138.09 
Miscellaneous Value 
2009 Ford Taurus ............................................................ $5,464.00 2013 Ford Taurus ............................................................ 13,038.00 Office furniture & equipment (estimated) ...................... 1,000.00 Furniture, clothing & personal property (estimated) ...... 170,000.00 Stamp collection (estimated) .......................................... 220,000.00 Deposits in Congressional Retirement Fund ................... 254,911.65 Deposits in Federal Thrift Savings Plan ......................... 623,946.49 Traveler’s checks ............................................................. 7,800.00 17ft. Boston Whaler boat & 70 hp Johnson outboard motor (estimated) ........................................................ 4,200.00 20ft. Pontoon boat & 40 hp Mercury outboard motor (estimated) .................................................................. 7,000.00 
Total miscellaneous ................................................ 1,307,360.14 
Total assets ................................................... 13,151,872.73 
Liabilities: None. Total Liabilities: $0.00. Net worth: $13,151,872.73. 
STATEMENT OF 2017 TAXES PAID 
Federal Income Tax .............................................. $129,256.00 STATEMENT OF 2017 TAXES PAID—Continued 
Wisconsin Income Tax .......................................... 36,261.00 Menomonee Falls, WI Property Tax ...................... 2,269.00 Chenequa, WI Property Tax .................................. 18,332.00 Alexandria, VA Property Tax ................................. 16,271.00 
I further declare that I am trustee of a trust established under the will of my late father, Frank James Sensenbrenner, Sr., for the benefit of my sister, Margaret A. Sensen-brenner, and of my two sons, F. James Sen-senbrenner, III, and Robert Alan Sensen-brenner. I am further the direct beneficiary of five trusts, but have no control over the assets of either trust. Also, I am neither an officer nor a director of any corporation organized under the laws of the State of Wisconsin or of any other state or foreign country. F. J
AMES SENSENBRENNER , Jr., Member of Congress. f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. ROBERT (BOB) VON DRASEK 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to pay tribute to Mr. Robert (Bob) Von Drasek the most dedicated, committed and most loyal Saul Alinsky-trained organizer that I have ever known. Bob came to the South Austin Community during a time of great turbulence. The community was in the throes of a great transition from being 80 per-cent white to becoming 80 percent Black with-in a ten-year period of time. Block busting, panic peddling, redlining, disinvestment and all manner of malfeasance were taking place. Po-lice brutality and other forms of law enforce-ment misconduct were rampant. I met Bob Von Drasek (during this period. It was also during this time that the organization for a Bet-ter Austin was organized, the South Austin Coalition Community Council (SACCC) was formed with Bob as lead organizer, and I de-cided to run for the City Council. Over the years I have followed Bob’s work with SACCC. South Austin is practically an all black community except for a few merchants who never left the area, a few white residents, school teachers and policemen, Bob is white or caucasian and yet he won the hearts of the community and the trust of the people. He has developed intimate relationships with many of the residents and to many he is like a member of their family. Through much of Bob’s leader-ship, SACCC became known as the top grass-roots community organization in the Chicago land area. Bob was always a great strategist but the members like Mr. Ed Bailey, Mrs. Irene Norwood, Mrs. Lillian Drummond and Mr. George Lawson were the voices. Many people don’t know it, but it was SACCC who led com-munity reinvestment. It was SACCC who orga-nized senior citizens. It was SACCC that led the fight for LIHEAP. It was SACCC that kept the Austin Bank on its toes (best behavior). It was SACCC that united block clubs. It was SACCC that got people to join local school councils, and it was SACCC that got churches to open their doors for community meetings. I have been in buildings with Bob where there was no heat. I have been in homes where there was no food, and I have been on streets where there were no lights. I have been in alleys where there was no hope. I have been with Bob and families after their relatives had been shot. Bob has worked to bring help to the helpless and hope to the hopeless. Bob Von Drasek is a good man and I thank him and his family, his wife and children for what they have meant to our community and to our world. True soldiers are always reluctant to come off the battlefield, but there comes a time when we must put away our swords and shields to practice war no more. When that time comes, just know that he has made a dif-ference. When he came to South Austin, some newspapers, urban planners and prog-nosticators were predicting that Austin would be the next slum. They did not know him, and they did not know the people of South Austin. South Austin is not a slum. It is a vibrant, for-ward-thinking and forward-moving community. Bob has done the Master’s work. He has fed the hungry, clothed the naked, brought hope to the hopeless, and helped the helpless. He has lifted spirits and he has taught people how to love, how to live, and how to work together. I close with words of my favorite song: ‘‘If when you give the best of your service, Telling the world that the Savior is come; Be not dismayed when men be-lieve you; He understands; and say, ‘‘Well done.’’ Oh, when I come to the end of my journey, Weary of life and the battle is won; car-rying the staff and the cross of redemp-tion, He’ll understand, and say ‘‘Well done.’’ If when this life of labor is ended, And the re-ward of the race you have run; Oh! the sweet rest prepared for faithful, Will be his blest and final ‘‘Well done.’’ But if you try and fail in your trying, hands sore and scarred from the work you’ve begun; take up your cross, run quickly to meet Him; He’ll understand, he’ll say, ‘‘Well done!’’ f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on March 7, 2017, I was sick and not present to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 128. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ON H. RES. 990 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to make clear my intent in voting ‘‘Present’’ on H. Res. 990. This resolution expresses categor-ical support for Immigration and Customs En-forcement while failing to address valid con-cerns about recent ICE actions and policies like child separation. Since President Trump came into office, there have been multiple al-legations of ICE officers around the country failing to follow proper protocol and potentially acting in violation of individuals’ constitutional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.029 E23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1050 July 23, 2018 
rights. These incidents, several of which have been recorded on video, call into question whether ICE officials are conducting them-selves in full accordance with federal law and agency policies and procedures. I support having the appropriate personnel, equipment, facilities, and resources to protect our borders and enforce the rule of law in America, but immigration enforcement does not need to be militarized and operate with im-punity. We can treat individuals in a humane and just manner and still prevent crime, re-duce trafficking, and keep our country safe. People fleeing violence in their home countries and seeking asylum in the United States need to be protected, not fear more persecution. We must enact commonsense changes to im-prove accountability and protect the funda-mental rights of immigrants—particularly those legally seeking asylum. I will continue pushing for rigorous oversight of ICE and reforms to our immigration enforcement system. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, July 24, 2018 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JULY 25 9:30 a.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Joseph Maguire, of Florida, to be Director of the National Counterter-rorism Center, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and Ellen E. McCarthy, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of State (Intelligence and Research). SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the race to 5G, focusing on exploring spectrum needs to maintain United States global leadership. SR–253 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 2554, to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain information to enrollees, H.R. 1222, to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to coordinate Federal con-genital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, S. 2465, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment dem-onstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveil-lance, prevention, and treatment, S. 3016, to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and pending nominations. SD–430 Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To receive a briefing on attacks on Roma in Ukraine. SVC–214 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the innova-tion economy, entrepreneurship, and barriers to capital access. LHOB–1100 Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans To hold hearings to examine how the multiemployer pension system affects stakeholders. SD–215 2 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine the state of play, focusing on globalized corruption, state-run doping, and international sport. SD–562 2:15 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine destination Mars, focusing on putting American boots on the surface of the red planet. SR–253 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine American diplomacy to advance our national se-curity strategy. SD–419 JULY 26 9:30 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary, and Michael J. Desmond, of California, to be Chief Counsel for the Internal Rev-enue Service and an Assistant General Counsel, both of the Department of the Treasury. SD–215 9:45 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Office of the United States Trade Representative. SD–192 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Rick A. Dearborn, of Okla-homa, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, and Martin J. Oberman, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board. SR–253 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 1023, to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Con-servation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, S. 1580, to enhance the trans-parency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and sec-ondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, S. Res. 501, recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and reaffirming free-dom of the press as a priority in efforts of the Government of the United States to promote democracy and good gov-ernance, S. Res. 541, expressing the sense of the Senate that any United States-Saudi Arabia civilian nuclear cooperation agreement must prohibit the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from en-riching uranium or separating pluto-nium on its own territory, in keeping with the strongest possible non-proliferation ‘‘gold standard’’, S. Res. 571, condemning the ongoing illegal oc-cupation of Crimea by the Russian Fed-eration, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Tur-key International Financial Institu-tions Act’’, the nomination of Joseph Cella, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Fiji, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Kiribati, the Republic of Nauru, the Kingdom of Tonga, and Tuvalu, Department of State, and rou-tine lists in the Foreign Service. S–116 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine the chal-lenges and opportunities of the pro-posed government reorganization on Office of Personnel Management and General Services Administration. SD–342 10:30 a.m. Committee on Finance Subcommittee on Taxation and IRS Over-sight To hold hearings to examine improving tax administration today. SD–562 11 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine modernizing apprenticeships to expand opportuni-ties. SD–430 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters. SH–219 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.033 E23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D847 Monday, July 23, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate confirmed the nomination of Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5115–S5226 Measures Introduced: One bill and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 3255, and S. Res. 587.
                                                                                  Page S5130 
Measures Reported: S. 612, to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by conveyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City. (S. Rept. No. 115–306) H.R. 1547, to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tuc-son, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by conveyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City. (S. Rept. No. 115–307)
                     Page S5130 
Measures Passed: Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act: Senate passed H.R. 589, to establish Depart-ment of Energy policy for science and energy re-search and development programs, and reform Na-tional Laboratory management and technology trans-fer programs, after agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                           Page S5219 
Murkowski Amendment No. 3403, to strike the provisions relating to nuclear energy innovation ca-pabilities.
                                                                       Page S5219 
Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act: Senate passed S. 2503, to establish Department of Energy policy for science and energy research and development programs, and reform National Labora-tory management and technology transfer programs, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S5219–25 
Murkowski Amendment No. 3404, to strike the provisions relating to nuclear energy innovation ca-pabilities.
                                                                       Page S5219 Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2353, to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S5225 
Murkowski (for Alexander) Amendment No. 3408, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Page S5225 
Measures Considered: Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Agree-ment: Senate began consideration of H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S5122–26 
Pending: Shelby Amendment No. 3399, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                              Pages S5122–26 
Murkowski Amendment No. 3400 (to Amend-ment No. 3399), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S5122 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that for the purpose of Rule XVI in relation to Shelby Amendment No. 3399 (listed above), Di-vision A of H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, serve as the basis for defense of germane-ness for Division A of the amendment; Division B of H.R. 6147, serve as the basis for defense of ger-maneness for Division B of the amendment; that H.R. 5961, making appropriations for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, as reported by the House Appropriations Committee, serve as the basis for defense of germaneness for Division C of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY8.REC D23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD848 July 23, 2018 
amendment; and that H.R. 6072, making appropria-tions for the Department of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, as reported by the House Appropriations Committee, serve as the basis for defense of germaneness for Di-vision D of the Amendment.
                               Page S5122 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, July 24, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S5225 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the continuation of the national emergency with re-spect to significant transnational criminal organiza-tions that was established in Executive Order 13581 on July 24, 2011 received during adjournment of the Senate on July 20, 2018; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–46)
                                                        Page S5129 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 86 yeas to 9 nays (Vote No. EX. 163), Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs.
                                                        Pages S5118–22 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Christopher P. Vincze, of Massachusetts, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 2019. Earl Robert Miller, of Michigan, to be Ambas-sador to the People’s Republic of Bangladesh. Kathe Hicks Albrecht, of California, to be a Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2024. Keegan F. Callanan, of Vermont, to be a Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2024. David Armand DeKeyser, of Alabama, to be a Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2020. Kim R. Holmes, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2022. Phyllis Kaminsky, of Arizona, to be a Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2020. Jean M. Yarbrough, of Maine, to be a Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2022. Steven Dillingham, of Virginia, to be Director of the Census for a term expiring December 31, 2021. 2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force and Army.                                                                                     Pages S5225–26 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Christopher R. Sharpley, of Virginia, to be Inspec-tor General, Central Intelligence Agency, which was sent to the Senate on September 5, 2017.
    Page S5226 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S5129–30 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S5130 
Executive Communications:                             Page S5130 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S5130 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5130–32 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5132–33 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5128–29 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S5133–S5219 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5219 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—163)
                                                                Page S5122 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:53 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, July 24, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5225.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY8.REC D23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D849 July 23, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6463–6469, 6471–6478; and 8 reso-lutions, H. Res. 1007–1010, 1013–1016 were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H6648–49 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6650–51 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 6077, recognizing the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York (H. Rept. 115–854); H.R. 5979, to establish the Mill Springs Battle-field National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–855); H.R. 5613, to designate the Quindaro Townsite in Kansas City, Kansas, as a National Historic Land-mark, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–856); H.R. 519, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–857); H.R. 5954, to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–858); H.R. 1689, to protect private property rights (H. Rept. 115–859); H. Res. 1011, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 184) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6311) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to modify the definition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals purchasing health insurance in the individual market to purchase a lower pre-mium copper plan (H. Rept. 115–860); H. Res. 1012, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6199) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain over-the-counter medical products as qualified medical expenses, and providing for the proceedings during the period from July 27, 2018, through September 3, 2018 (H. Rept. 115–861); H.R. 6470, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–862); and Conference report on H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–863).                    Pages H6647–48 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Lesko to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H6591 
Recess: The House recessed at 12 noon and recon-vened at 2 p.m.
                                                          Page H6591 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act: H.R. 2345, amended, to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easy-to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 379 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 366; 
                                                                Pages H6592–95, H6631–32 
Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018: H.R. 4881, amended, to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to establish a task force for meeting the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 378 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 367;
                                                       Pages H6595–97, H6632–33 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-quire the Federal Communications Commission to establish a task force for reviewing the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States.’’.
                                                          Page H6633 
Preventing Illegal Radio Abuse Through En-forcement Act: H.R. 5709, amended, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for en-hanced penalties for pirate radio;
              Pages H6597–98 
Educating Medical Professionals and Optimizing Workforce Efficiency and Readiness Act: H.R. 3728, amended, to amend title VII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain programs relating to the health professions workforce; 
                                                                             Pages H6598–H6600 
Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthoriza-tion Act: H.R. 5385, amended, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that operate grad-uate medical education programs;
            Pages H6600–02 
Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act: H.R. 1676, amended, to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY8.REC D23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD850 July 23, 2018 
permanent faculty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, in-cluding physician assistant education programs, to promote education and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medicine; 
                                                                                    Pages H6602–05 
Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act: H.R. 959, amended, to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend advanced edu-cation nursing grants to support clinical nurse spe-cialist programs;
                                                 Pages H6605–08 
Advancing Critical Connectivity Expands Serv-ice, Small Business Resources, Opportunities, Ac-cess, and Data Based on Assessed Need and De-mand Act: H.R. 3994, amended, to establish the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth; 
                                                                                    Pages H6608–10 
Private Property Rights Protection Act: H.R. 1689, to protect private property rights; 
                                                                                    Pages H6610–16 
Anti-terrorism Clarification Act of 2018: H.R. 5954, amended, to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’;
                             Pages H6616–18 
Foundation of the Federal Bar Association Charter Amendments Act: H.R. 4100, to amend title 36, United States Code, to revise the Federal charter for the Foundation of the Federal Bar Asso-ciation;
                                                                    Pages H6618–20 
Knowledgeable Innovators and Worthy Investors Act: S. 2245, to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admis-sion into the United States as E–1 and E–2 non-immigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand; 
                                                                                    Pages H6620–21 
La Paz County Land Conveyance Act: H.R. 2630, amended, to authorize the Secretary of the In-terior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Ari-zona;
                                                                         Pages H6621–23 
Establishing the Adams Memorial Commission to carry out the provisions of Public Law 107–62: H.R. 1220, amended, to establish the Adams Memo-rial Commission to carry out the provisions of Public Law 107–62;
                                                        Pages H6623–24 
Eastern Legacy Extension Act: H.R. 3045, amended, to amend the National Trails System Act to extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail;
                                                                        Pages H6624–25 
Amending the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Res-toration Act and the Dingell-Johnson Federal Aid in Sport Fish Restoration Act, to provide parity for United States territories and the District of Co-lumbia, to make technical corrections to such Acts and related laws: H.R. 5875, amended, to amend the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act and the Dingell-Johnson Federal Aid in Sport Fish Res-toration Act, to provide parity for United States ter-ritories and the District of Columbia, to make tech-nical corrections to such Acts and related laws;                                                                                     Pages H6625–27 
Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument Act: H.R. 5979, amended, to establish the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System; 
                                                                                    Pages H6627–28 
National Comedy Center Recognition Act: H.R. 6077, amended, recognizing the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York;
             Pages H6628–29 
Amending the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund: S. 2850, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; and
                                      Pages H6629–30 
Quindaro Townsite National Historic Land-mark Act: H.R. 5613, amended, to designate the Quindaro Townsite in Kansas City, Kansas, as a Na-tional Historic Landmark;
                             Pages H6630–31 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To des-ignate the Quindaro Townsite in Kansas City, Kan-sas, as a National Commemorative Site.’’.
    Page H6631 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:55 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H6631 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13581 with respect to significant transnational criminal or-ganizations is to continue in effect beyond July 24, 2018—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–142). 
                                                                                            Page H6592 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on page H6592. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6632 and H6632–33. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:52 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY8.REC D23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D851 July 23, 2018 
Committee Meetings 
RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICATION AND MODERNIZING HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS ACT OF 2018; INCREASING ACCESS TO LOWER PREMIUM PLANS AND EXPANDING HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS ACT OF 2018; PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 6199, the ‘‘Restoring Access to Medication and Modernizing Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6311, the ‘‘Increasing Access to Lower Pre-mium Plans and Expanding Health Savings Ac-counts Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 184, the ‘‘Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 184 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report accom-panying the resolution shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one mo-tion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 6311 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–83, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a rule pro-viding for further consideration of H.R. 6199 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–82 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from July 27, 2018, through September 3, 2018: the Journal of the proceedings of the pre-vious day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 3, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. In section 4, the rule provides that each day during the period ad-dressed by section 2 of the resolution shall not con-stitute a calendar day for the purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). In section 5, the rule provides that each day during the period addressed by section 2 of the resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII (resolutions of inquiry). Finally, in section 6, the rule provides that each day during the period addressed by section 2 of the resolution shall not constitute a calendar or legislative day for pur-poses of clause 7(c)(1) of rule XXII (motions to in-struct conferees). Testimony was heard from Rep-resentatives Jenkins of Kansas, Paulsen, and Levin. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D785) 
H.R. 770, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of American innovation and significant innovation and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the United States terri-tories, to promote the importance of innovation in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories. Signed on July 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–197) H.R. 2061, to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004. Signed on July 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–198) S.J. Res. 60, providing for the reappointment of Barbara M. Barrett as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. Signed on July 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–199) H.R. 219, to correct the Swan Lake hydroelectric project survey boundary and to provide for the con-veyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska. Signed on July 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–200) H.R. 220, to authorize the expansion of an exist-ing hydroelectric project. Signed on July 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–201) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY8.REC D23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD852 July 23, 2018 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JULY 24, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Dan Michael Berkovitz, of Maryland, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and James E. Hubbard, of Colorado, to be Under Secretary of Agri-culture for Natural Resources and Environment, 10 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Michael R. Bright, of the District of Columbia, to be President, Government National Mortgage Association, and Rae Oliver, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, both of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Dino Falaschetti, of Mon-tana, to be Director, Office of Financial Research, Depart-ment of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s blue economy initia-tive, focusing on supporting commerce in American oceans and Great Lakes, 10 a.m., SR–253. Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine strengthening and empowering United States amateur athletes, focusing on moving forward with solutions, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business meeting to consider the nominations of Teri L. Donald-son, of Texas, to be Inspector General, Karen S. Evans, of West Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Cybersecu-rity, Energy Security and Emergency Response), Chris-topher Fall, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Science, and Daniel Simmons, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary (Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy), all of the Department of Energy; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine factors that are impact-ing global oil prices, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine the China challenge, focusing on economic coercion as statecraft, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing on H.R. 4219, the ‘‘Workflex in the 21st Century Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining Advertising and Marketing Practices within the Substance Use Treatment Industry’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘DOE Mod-ernization: Legislation to Authorize a Pilot Project to Commercialize the Strategic Petroleum Reserve’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1511, the ‘‘Homeless Children and Youth Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2069, the ‘‘Fostering Stable Housing Op-portunities Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2570, the ‘‘Mortgage Fairness Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3626, the ‘‘Bank Service Company Examination Coordination Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5036, the ‘‘Financial Technology Protection Act’’; H.R. 5059, the ‘‘State Insurance Regulation Preservation Act’’; and H.R. 6332, the ‘‘Improving Strategies to Counter Weapons Proliferation Act’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Egypt: Security, Human Rights, and Reform’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, mark-up on H.R. 5869, the ‘‘Maritime Border Security Review Act’’; H.R. 6198, the ‘‘Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6265, the ‘‘PreCheck is PreCheck Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6374, the ‘‘FIT Act’’; H.R. 6400, the ‘‘United States Ports of Entry Threat and Operational Review Act’’; H.R. 6430, the ‘‘Securing the Homeland Security Supply Chain Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6438, the ‘‘DHS Countering Unmanned Aircraft Systems Coordinator Act’’; H.R. 6439, the ‘‘Biometric Identifica-tion Transnational Migration Alert Program Authoriza-tion Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6443, the ‘‘Advancing Cyberse-curity Diagnostics and Mitigation Act’’; H.R. 6459, the ‘‘TSA Opportunities to Pursue Expanded Networks for Business Act’’; H.R. 6461, the ‘‘TSA National Deploy-ment Force Act’’; H.R. 6447, the ‘‘Department of Home-land Security Chief Data Officer Authorization Act’’; H. Res. 1005, directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Represent-atives relating to the border security policies, procedures, and activities as such relate to the interdiction of families by the U.S. Border Patrol between ports of entry, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Boots at the Border: Examining the Na-tional Guard Deployment to the Southwest Border’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘Examining the Wayfair decision and its Ramifica-tions for Consumers and Small Businesses’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing Inno-vative and Alternative Uses of Coal’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 5244, the ‘‘Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe Reservation Reaffirmation Act’’; S. 607, the ‘‘Native American Business Incubators Program Act’’; and S. 1116, the ‘‘Indian Community Economic Enhancement Act of 2018’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY8.REC D23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D853 July 23, 2018 Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Cyber-securing the Vote: Ensur-ing the Integrity of the U.S. Election System’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules; and Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Af-fairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Shielding Sources: Safe-guarding the Public’s Right to Know’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy, and Environ-ment, hearing entitled ‘‘Preserving Opportunities for Grazing on Federal Land’’, 2 p.m., 2247 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Urban Air Mobility—Are Fly-ing Cars Ready for Take-Off?’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on legislation on Improving Science in Chemical Assessments Act; and S. 141, the ‘‘Space Weather Research and Forecasting Act’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access; and Subcommittee on Agriculture, Energy, and Trade, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Investing in Rural America’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on Coast Guard Acquisition Programs and Mission Balance and Effectiveness’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing Whether VA is on Track to Success-fully Implement Appeals Reform’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘The Opioid Crisis: Implementation of the Family First Prevention Services Act (FFPSA)’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Subcommittee on Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Product Ex-clusion Process for Section 232 Tariffs on Steel and Alu-minum’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of July 24 through July 27, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 6147, Interior, Environment, Financial Serv-ices, and General Government Appropriations Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: July 24, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Dan Mi-chael Berkovitz, of Maryland, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and James E. Hubbard, of Colorado, to be Under Secretary of Agri-culture for Natural Resources and Environment, 10 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: July 26, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Office of the United States Trade Representative, 9:45 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: July 24, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Michael R. Bright, of the District of Columbia, to be President, Government Na-tional Mortgage Association, and Rae Oliver, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, both of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Dino Falaschetti, of Montana, to be Director, Office of Financial Research, Department of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: July 24, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s blue economy initiative, focusing on supporting commerce in American oceans and Great Lakes, 10 a.m., SR–253. July 24, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Prod-uct Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine strengthening and empowering United States amateur athletes, focusing on moving forward with solu-tions, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. July 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the race to 5G, focusing on exploring spectrum needs to maintain United States global leadership, 10 a.m., SR–253. July 25, Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Com-petitiveness, to hold hearings to examine destination Mars, focusing on putting American boots on the surface of the red planet, 2:15 p.m., SR–253. July 26, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Rick A. Dearborn, of Oklahoma, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, and Mar-tin J. Oberman, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: July 24, busi-ness meeting to consider the nominations of Teri L. Don-aldson, of Texas, to be Inspector General, Karen S. Evans, of West Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Cybersecu-rity, Energy Security and Emergency Response), Chris-topher Fall, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Science, and Daniel Simmons, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary (Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy), all of the Department of Energy; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine factors that are impact-ing global oil prices, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: July 26, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary, and Michael J. Desmond, of California, to be Chief Counsel for the Inter-nal Revenue Service and an Assistant General Counsel, both of the Department of the Treasury, 9:30 a.m., SD–215. July 26, Subcommittee on Taxation and IRS Over-sight, to hold hearings to examine improving tax admin-istration today, 10:30 a.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY8.REC D23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD854 July 23, 2018 Committee on Foreign Relations: July 24, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine the China challenge, focusing on economic coercion as statecraft, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. July 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine American diplomacy to advance our national security strategy, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. July 26, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 1023, to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, S. 1580, to en-hance the transparency, improve the coordination, and in-tensify the impact of assistance to support access to pri-mary and secondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, S. Res. 501, recog-nizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and reaffirming freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the Government of the United States to promote democracy and good governance, S. Res. 541, expressing the sense of the Senate that any United States-Saudi Arabia civilian nuclear cooperation agreement must prohibit the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from enriching uranium or separating plutonium on its own territory, in keeping with the strongest possible non-proliferation ‘‘gold standard’’, S. Res. 571, condemning the ongoing illegal occupation of Crimea by the Russian Federation, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Turkey Inter-national Financial Institutions Act’’, the nomination of Joseph Cella, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Fiji, and to serve concurrently and without ad-ditional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Kiribati, the Republic of Nauru, the Kingdom of Tonga, and Tuvalu, Department of State, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, 10 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: July 25, business meeting to consider S. 2554, to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain infor-mation to enrollees, H.R. 1222, to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, S. 2465, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment demonstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment, S. 3016, to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved in-dividuals by breaking down barriers to care, and pending nominations, 10 a.m., SD–430. July 26, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine modernizing apprenticeships to expand opportunities, 11 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: July 26, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine the challenges and opportunities of the proposed government reorganiza-tion on Office of Personnel Management and General Services Administration, 10 a.m., SD–342. Select Committee on Intelligence: July 24, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. July 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Joseph Maguire, of Florida, to be Di-rector of the National Counterterrorism Center, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and Ellen E. McCarthy, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Intelligence and Research), 9:30 a.m., SH–216. July 26, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, July 25, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Examining the Upcoming Agenda for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, July 25, Full Committee, markup on FY 2019 Homeland Security Appropriations Bill; and the Revised Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2019, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, July 25, Sub-committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Cures Implementation: Updates from FDA and NIH’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. July 25, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Background on Renewable Identification Numbers under the Renewable Fuel Standard’’, 9:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. July 25, Subcommittee on Communications and Tech-nology, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Com-munications Commission’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. July 26, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘MACRA and MIPS: An Update on the Merit-based In-centive Payment System’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, July 25, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Budget Priorities for South Asia’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, July 25, Full Com-mittee, markup on FY 2019 Homeland Security Appro-priations Bill; and Revised Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2019, 10 a.m., Location TBA. July 25, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the State of Federal Cybersecurity Risk Determination’’, 10:30 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, July 25, Full Com-mittee, markup on Committee Resolution 115–20; and hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Library of Congress’ Strategic Plan Part 2’’, 11:15 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on Natural Resources, July 25, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Management Crisis at the Puer-to Rico Electric Power Authority and Implications for Recovery’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, July 25, Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘GAO High Risk Focus: Cybersecurity’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY8.REC D23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D855 July 23, 2018 July 25, Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Grant Management’’, 2 p.m., 2247 Rayburn. July 26, Subcommittee on National Security; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Federal Trade Commission’s Enforcement of Operation Chokepoint-Related Businesses’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, July 25, Full Committee, begin hearing entitled ‘‘James Webb Space Telescope: Program Breach and its Implications’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. July 26, Full Committee, continue hearing entitled ‘‘James Webb Space Telescope: Program Breach and its Implications’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, July 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Tax Law’s Impact on Main Street’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, July 25, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1872, the ‘‘Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, July 25, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Changes to Social Security’s Disability Appeals Process’’, 10 a.m., 2020 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: July 25, to hold hearings to examine the innovation economy, entrepreneurship, and barriers to capital access, 10 a.m., 1100, Longworth Building. Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: July 25, to hold hearings to examine how the mul-tiemployer pension system affects stakeholders, 10 a.m., SD–215. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: July 25, to receive a briefing on attacks on Roma in Ukraine, 10 a.m., SVC–214. July 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the state of play, focusing on globalized corruption, state- run doping, and international sport, 2 p.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY8.REC D23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD856 July 23, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 24 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 6147, Interior, Environment, Financial Services, and General Government Appropriations Act. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 24 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 184—Pro-tect Medical Innovation Act (Subject to a Rule). Begin consideration of H.R. 6199—Restoring Access to Medi-cation and Modernizing Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018 (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 6311—Increasing Ac-cess to Lower Premium Plans and Expanding Health Sav-ings Accounts Act of 2018 (Subject to a Rule). Consider-ation of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Black, Diane, Tenn., E1042, E1043 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1049 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1042 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1046 Curtis, John R., Utah, E1042 Davidson, Warren, Ohio, E1041 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1049 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1044 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E1048 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1041, E1041 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E1048 Hill, J. French, Ark., E1049 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1043 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1042, E1043, E1045, E1046, E1047 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E1047 Keating, William R., Mass., E1044, E1045, E1048 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1047 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1042 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1041 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1047 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1041 Sensenbrenner, F. James, Jr., Wisc., E1048 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1044 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1042 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1046 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1045 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1044 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Jul 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23JY8.REC D23JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST